Contents

2    Company Profile

3    Corporate Information

5    Financial Highlights

6    Chairman’s Statement

9    Management Discussion and Analysis

33   Directors and Senior Management

38   Report of Directors

61   Corporate Governance Report

80   Independent Auditor’s Report

     Consolidated Financial Statements

88     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

89     Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

90     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position


92     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity


94     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows


97   Notes to Financial Statements
Company Profile

3SBio Inc. (the “Company” or “3SBio”, and with its subsidiaries collectively, the “Group”) is a leading biotechnology company in
the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). As a pioneer in the Chinese biotechnology industry, the Group has extensive expertise
in researching, developing, manufacturing and marketing bio-pharmaceuticals. The core products of the Group include several bio-
pharmaceutical drugs, TPIAO (特比澳), recombinant human erythropoietin (“rhEPO”) products EPIAO (益比奥) and SEPO (賽博爾),
Yisaipu (益賽普) and Cipterbin (賽普汀), and a small molecule drug, Mandi (蔓迪). TPIAO is the only commercialized recombinant
human thrombopoietin (“rhTPO”) product in the world. According to IQVIA1, the market share in the treatment of thrombocytopenia
of TPIAO in Mainland China2 was 66.6% in 2024 in terms of sales value. With its two rhEPO products, the Group has been the
premier market leader in the Mainland China rhEPO market for over two decades, holding a total market share of 42.0% in 2024.
Yisaipu is the first-to-market Tumour Necrosis Factor (“TNF”) α inhibitor product in Mainland China. Mandi has a dominant position
in the Mainland China minoxidil market. The Group has been expanding its therapeutic coverage by adding products through
internal research and development (“R&D”) and various external strategic partnerships. In 2024, the Group introduced Semaglutide
Injection, Paclitaxel Oral Solution, Clifutinib, and Her-2 ADC, actively exploring in the commercialization field.


As at 31 December 2024, amongst the 30 key product candidates within the Group’s active pipeline, 29 were being developed
as innovative drugs in Mainland China. Out of these product candidates, 18 are antibodies, 6 are other biologic products, and 6
are small molecule drugs. The Group has 13 product candidates in hematology/oncology; 11 product candidates that target auto-
immune diseases including rheumatoid arthritis (“RA”) and other diseases including acute gouty arthritis, atopic dermatitis (“AD”) and
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (“COPD”); 3 product candidates in nephrology; 2 product candidates in dermatology and 1
product candidate in metabolic diseases.


The Group operates in a highly attractive industry. Biotechnology has revolutionized the pharmaceutical industry by addressing
unmet medical needs and offering innovative treatments for a wide array of human diseases. In Mainland China, the biotechnology
industry enjoys strong government support and has been selected by the State Council of the PRC as a key strategic emerging
industry. Strong government support along with increasing physician adoption of biopharmaceuticals has driven strong industry
growth in Mainland China.


The Group is positioned for global expansion. During the year ended 31 December 2024 (the “Reporting Period”), the Group’s
products were sold in 20 countries. The investigational new drug (“IND”) applications of five candidates in the Group’s pipeline
have been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). Furthermore, the Group is collaborating with international
partners to develop and market the Group’s product candidates, such as pegsiticase and anti-programmed cell death protein 1
(“PD-1”) monoclonal antibody (“mAb”). The Group aims to focus its R&D to provide innovative therapeutics for patients in Mainland
China and globally.


As at 31 December 2024, the Group had operation facilities in Shenyang, Shanghai, Hangzhou and Shenzhen, all in Mainland China,
as well as in Como, Italy, with 5,577 employees. The Group’s pharmaceutical products are marketed and sold in all provinces,
autonomous regions and special municipalities in Mainland China, as well as a number of foreign countries and regions. During the
Reporting Period, the Group’s nationwide sales and distribution network enabled it to sell its products to over 11,000 hospitals and
medical institutions in Mainland China.




1
    All market share information throughout this annual report cites the IQVIA data, unless otherwise noted.
2
    Hereinafter referred to as the mainland area of the PRC.


2           3SBIO INC.
                                                    Corporate Information


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                      REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Executive Directors                                     Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi (Chairlady)
Dr. LOU Jing (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)       Mr. PU Tianruo
Ms. SU Dongmei                                          Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry (appointed on 25 June 2024)
                                                        Dr. ZHANG Dan (committee membership ended

Non-executive Directors                                   upon retirement on 25 June 2024)

Ms. ZHANG Jiaoe (appointed on 25 June 2024)
Mr. HUANG Bin (retired on 25 June 2024)                 NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                        Dr. LOU Jing (Chairman)
Independent Non-executive Directors                     Mr. PU Tianruo
Mr. PU Tianruo                                          Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry
Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi
Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry
                                                        REGISTERED OFFICE
Dr. ZHANG Dan (retired on 25 June 2024)
                                                         (IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS)
                                                        Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
COMPANY SECRETARY                                       PO Box 2681
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen
                                                        Grand Cayman, KY1-1111
                                                        Cayman Islands
AUTHORIZED
 REPRESENTATIVES                                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
Ms. SU Dongmei
                                                         BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen
                                                        Room 1918, 19/F
                                                        Lee Garden One
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                         33 Hysan Avenue
Mr. PU Tianruo (Chairman)                               Causeway Bay
Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi                                   Hong Kong SAR
Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry                                   PRC



                                                        HEADQUARTERS
                                                        No. 3 A1, Road 10
                                                        Shenyang Economy and Technology Development Zone
                                                        Shenyang
                                                        PRC




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   3
Corporate Information




PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR                           LEGAL ADVISERS
                                                    As to Hong Kong law and United States law:
 AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                    Baker & McKenzie
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
                                                    14th Floor, One Taikoo Place
Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
                                                    979 King’s Road
PO Box 2681
                                                    Quarry Bay
Grand Cayman, KY1-1111
                                                    Hong Kong SAR
Cayman Islands
                                                    PRC


HONG KONG SHARE                                     As to PRC law:
 REGISTRAR                                          Jingtian & Gongcheng

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited   34th Floor, Tower 3, China Central Place

Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor                         77 Jianguo Road

Hopewell Centre                                     Chaoyang District

183 Queen’s Road East                               Beijing

Wanchai, Hong Kong SAR                              PRC

PRC
                                                    As to Cayman Islands law:
                                                    Conyers Dill & Pearman
PRINCIPAL BANK
                                                    29th Floor, One Exchange Square
Industrial Bank Co., Ltd., Shenyang Branch
                                                    8 Connaught Place
No. 77 Wenhua Road
                                                    Central
Heping District
                                                    Hong Kong SAR
Shenyang
                                                    PRC
PRC


                                                    SECURITIES CODE
AUDITOR                                             Shares Listing
Ernst & Young
                                                    Ordinary Shares
Certified Public Accountants
                                                    The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                    (Stock Code: 01530)
27/F, One Taikoo Place
979 King’s Road
Quarry Bay                                          COMPANY’S WEBSITE
Hong Kong SAR                                       www.3sbio.com

PRC




4       3SBIO INC.
                                                        Financial Highlights


                                                       2020         2021         2022         2023            2024
                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


Revenue                                            5,587,636    6,382,009    6,865,735    7,815,938    9,107,978
Gross Profit                                       4,524,725    5,275,723    5,671,574    6,641,640    7,828,376
Research and Development Costs                      590,343      753,872      693,813      794,794     1,326,530
EBITDA                                             1,343,011    2,174,961    2,615,078    2,389,093    3,173,772
EBITDA adjusted for non-operating items            1,606,119    2,190,250    2,303,777    2,768,353    3,402,296
Net Profit attributable to owners of the parent     835,791     1,651,247    1,915,727    1,549,239    2,090,320
Net Profit attributable to owners of the parent
  adjusted for non-operating items                 1,166,371    1,726,950    1,659,075    1,952,384    2,318,844
Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities           1,344,561    1,578,345    2,134,263    2,082,857    3,201,258
Gearing Ratio                                         22.3%        17.9%        29.4%        29.3%        19.7%


Total Assets                                      17,678,195   19,212,575   22,008,962   23,625,028   24,212,740
Total Liabilities                                  4,584,860    4,554,778    6,645,381    7,111,428    6,176,410
Total Equity                                      13,093,335   14,657,797   15,363,581   16,513,600   18,036,330




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024          5
Chairman’s Statement

Honored Shareholders:

On behalf of the board of directors (the “Directors”) of the Company (the “Board”), I am delighted to present the annual results for
the financial year ended 31 December 2024.


In 2024, the Group’s total revenue reached a new high and its operational performance continued upwardly. The research,
production and marketing of proprietary products grew steadily, and external collaboration projects achieved remarkable results.
The Board continues the annual dividend distribution, sharing growth success with shareholders.


Clinical stage R&D progress

In 2024, one of the Group’s products (Remitch) was successfully listed on the National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical
Insurance, Work-Related Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance (《國家基本醫療保險、工傷保險和生育保險藥品目錄》) (“NRDL”),
while two other drugs (TPIAO and Cipterbin) were successfully renewed in the NRDL. During the year, three products in the Group’s
pipelines (Mandi Foam, eltrombopag suspension, apremilast tablets) were approved for marketing, and four additional products
(SSS06 long-acting rhEPO, 608 anti-interleukin (“IL”)-17 mAb, TPIAO for CLDT indication, and eltrombopag ethanolamine tablets)
were submitted for marketing application. Currently, there are 30 product candidates in the Group’s R&D pipeline. In 2024, key
clinical progress include:


In hematology and oncology areas:


•     707 (Anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (“VEGF”)/PD-1 BsAb): In 2024, phase II clinical trials were commenced for
      multiple indications, including the first-line monotherapy for PD-L1 positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), the first-line
      combination therapy with chemotherapy for NSCLC, metastatic colorectal cancer, and advanced gynecological tumors. In
      March 2025, it was approved to conduct a phase III clinical trial was approved to commence for the indication of the first-line
      monotherapy for PD-L1 positive NSCLC;


•     705 (Anti-PD-1/Her2 BsAb): The phase I clinical trial for Her-2 positive advanced solid tumors is being continuously advanced;


•     706 (Anti-PD-1/PD-L1 BsAb): The phase I clinical trial for advanced solid tumors is being continuously advanced;


In nephrology area:


•     SSS06 (long-acting rhEPO): The New Drug Application (“NDA”) for the indication of anemia in patients with chronic kidney
      disease (“CKD”) was accepted by the PRC National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”) Center for Drug Evaluation
      (“CDE”) in July 2024. The phase II clinical trial for cancer-related anemia (CRA) in tumor treatment was approved in 2024;


•     SSS17 (hypoxia inducible factor (“HIF”) inhibitor): Currently, the collection of efficacy data from phase II clinical trials for anemia
      in patients with CKD (including both dialysis and non-dialysis patients) has been completed. It is expected that communication
      on the protocol for the phase III clinical trial will be advanced in 2025. The IND application for the new indication of
      postoperative anemia (POA) after orthopedic surgery has been accepted;


6       3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                Chairman’s Statement




In auto-immunity area:


•     613 (Anti-IL-1β mAb): The enrollment of patients in the phase III clinical trial for the treatment of Acute Gout (AG) has been
      completed, and both clinical endpoints in the interim analysis have been achieved. The results of the phase II clinical trial for
      Prophylaxis Gout Flare (PGF) are positive;


•     611 (Anti-IL4R mAb): The enrollment in the phase III clinical trial for the treatment of moderate-to-severe AD in adults has
      been completed, and positive results from the phase II clinical trial have been obtained. The enrollment in the phase III clinical
      trial for the treatment of Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyps (CRSwNP) is ongoing. The patient enrollments for moderate-
      to-severe AD in adolescents (phase II), moderate-to-severe AD in children (phase Ib), and COPD (phase II) have all been
      completed;


•     610 (Anti-IL5 mAb): The phase III clinical trial for the treatment of severe eosinophilic asthma is currently ongoing, with phase II
      data indicating positive efficacy outcomes;


•     626 (Anti-BDCA2 Ab): Phase I clinical trials for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and cutaneous lupus erythematosus (CLE)
      have been initiated in Mainland China, and the U.S. IND application has been approved. It is the first product among the peers
      with the same target in Mainland China to receive clinical trial approval;


•     627 (Anti-TL1A Ab): The IND approvals for treating ulcerative colitis (UC) have been obtained in both Mainland China and the
      United States. It is the first product among the peers with the same target in Mainland China to receive clinical trial approval;


In dermatology and other areas:


•     Anti-VEGF mAb (601A): The phase III clinical trial for branch retinal vein occlusion (“BRVO”) has been completed and the
      endpoints have been met;


•     Clascoterone (WS204): The patient enrollment for the phase III clinical trial was completed in 2024.


Global strategic partnerships

In 2024, the Group focused on the themes of “global innovation” and “fields synergy”. With a strong cash position, the Group
continuously developed high-quality products to meet clinical needs and broaden its product portfolio in the fields of oncology,
nephrology, auto-immune, and dermatology. During the year, a number of collaborations were accomplished.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024             7
Chairman’s Statement




In 2024, the Group and Hybio Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hybio Pharmaceutical”) (Stock Code: 300199.SZ) entered into an
agreement, obtaining the qualification as the marketing authorization holder (MAH) for Semaglutide Injection in weight management
indication (“Semaglutide WM”) in certain regions; the Group and Shanghai Haihe Biopharma Research and Development Co.,
Ltd. (“Haihe Biopharma”) entered into an agreement, obtaining the exclusive commercialization rights of Paclitaxel Oral Solution
in Mainland China and Hong Kong; the Group and Sunshine Lake Pharma Co., Ltd. (廣東東陽光藥業股份有限公司) (“Sunshine
Lake Pharma”) and its subsidiary entered into a cooperation agreement in respect of clifutinib besylate (“Clifutinib”), obtaining the
exclusive commercialization rights of Clifutinib for specific indications in Mainland China; and further, the Group and Duality Biologics
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Duality Biologics”) entered into a cooperation agreement in respect of a HER2 ADC drug DB-1303, obtaining
the commercialization right of DB-1303 for various indications in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau.


In 2024, the Group strategically invested in early-stage opportunities across innovative pharmaceutical technologies. Leading the
A++ financing round for NK Cell Tech – a specialist in NK Cell Therapy – and co-investing in radiopharmaceutical developer C-Ray
Therapeutics, the Group positions itself in emerging therapeutic domains like cell therapy and Radionuclide Drug Conjugates
(RDCs). These partnerships with high-caliber innovators underscore the Group’s dedication to pioneering and cultivating a long-term
strategic footprint.


Looking forward, the Group, in its marketing, will respond strongly to the government’s call for medical security going deep.
Guided by the principle “making high quality drugs being generally available to patients”, the Group will invest more resources in the
grassroots market and consistently promote optimizing drug use structure for chronic diseases.


In terms of R&D innovation, the Group fully leverages its technical strengths in the research and development of biopharmaceuticals.
It spares no effort to expedite the clinical research of key products within its pipeline, which are ahead in the competition in their
respective target field and demonstrate excellent clinical outcomes, while exploring the strategic layout of new indications.


In terms of external collaboration, the Group actively seeks global partners, consistently promotes out-licensing of leading pipeline
candidates, and welcomes competition and rewards in the global market.


Finally, on behalf of 3SBio, I would like to give my sincerest thanks to all our valued stakeholders – patients, employees and
shareholders of the Company, and medical workers – for supporting our efforts to strengthen the Company and provide better care
to patients.




Dr. LOU Jing
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer


25 March 2025

8       3SBIO INC.
                                            Management Discussion
                                                     and Analysis
BUSINESS REVIEW

Key Events


Mandi Foam Approved for Market Launch


As announced on 8 January 2024, the application for market launch of Mandi (5% minoxidil) Foam as an over-the-counter drug for
the treatment of androgenetic alopecia and alopecia areata by 3SBio’s subsidiary, Zhejiang Sunshine Mandi Pharmaceutical Co.,
Ltd. (“Sunshine Mandi”), to the NMPA has been approved.


Mandi Foam is the first domestic minoxidil foam approved for market launch. Its successfully completed phase III study showed
Mandi Foam being of equivalent efficacy and similar safety and tolerability as ROGAINE®, the leading minoxidil drug in the U.S..
Minoxidil is currently a first-line topical drug for the clinical treatment of androgenetic alopecia. Mandi Foam has better transdermal
speed and scalp accumulation rate, with milder scalp tolerance, rendering it a better choice for alopecia users.


TPIAO Approved for Pediatric ITP Indication


TPIAO, which was submitted for the new indication of treatment of persistent or chronic immune thrombocytopenia (“ITP”) in
children or adolescents to the NMPA, has been approved on 2 April 2024.


Primary ITP is an acquired autoimmune hemorrhagic disease. Pediatric ITP is often characterized by sudden petechiae, ecchymosis
or bleeding in children who are normally healthy. Occasionally, thrombocytopenia is found in patients who undergo whole blood cell
counts due to other conditions.


Semaglutide (Weight Management) Cooperation


As announced on 28 May 2024, Sunshine Mandi entered into the Semaglutide Injection Cooperation Agreement (the “Semaglutide
Agreement”) with Hybio Pharmaceutical. Pursuant to the Semaglutide Agreement, Hybio Pharmaceutical and Sunshine Mandi will
jointly develop, and supply/purchase on an exclusive basis, the Semaglutide WM and share the profits from its sales. Sunshine
Mandi will pay Hybio Pharmaceutical milestone payments of up to RMB270 million under the Semaglutide Agreement, including a
consideration for preclinical technical results of RMB45 million, in addition to an exclusive procurement price and royalties. Sunshine
Mandi will receive the preclinical technical research results of the cooperation product from Hybio Pharmaceutical and entrust Hybio
to provide clinical research and registration application services, with Sunshine Mandi to be the marketing authorization holder
(MAH) of Semaglutide WM in certain regions. Sunshine Mandi shall acquire the right to market the product exclusively and be
responsible for the commercialization of the product in the region; meanwhile, Sunshine Mandi will entrust Hybio Pharmaceutical to
be responsible for the exclusive production and supply of Semaglutide WM. After the launch of the product, Sunshine Mandi will pay
Hybio Pharmaceutical two-digit royalties based on the gross profit derived from the net sales of the product in the region in each
calender year.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024          9
Management Discussion and Analysis




Cooperation with Haihe Biopharma in respect of Paclitaxel Oral Solution


Shenyang Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shenyang Sunshine”), a subsidiary of 3SBio, entered into the Paclitaxel Oral
Solution Exclusive Commercialization Cooperation Agreement (the “Paclitaxel Agreement”) with Haihe Biopharma and its
subsidiary Shanghai RMX Biopharma Co., Ltd. (“RMX Biopharma”). Pursuant to the Paclitaxel Agreement, Shenyang Sunshine will
obtain the exclusive commercialization rights of RMX Biopharma’s product of Paclitaxel Oral Solution in Mainland China and Hong
Kong. Shenyang Sunshine will pay RMX Biopharma an initial payment as well as R&D and sales milestone payments in accordance
with the Paclitaxel Agreement. RMX Biopharma will continue to be responsible for the ongoing phase III clinical trials and any follow
up development, clinical and registration works for the product.


Cooperation with Sunshine Lake Pharma in respect of Clifutinib Besylate


Shenyang Sunshine entered into the cooperation agreement (the “Clifutinib Agreement”) with Sunshine Lake Pharma and its
subsidiary YiChang HEC ChangJiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (宜昌東陽光長江藥業股份有限公司) in respect of Clifutinib. Pursuant
to the Clifutinib Agreement, Shenyang Sunshine will obtain the exclusive commercialization rights of Clifutinib, a product of Sunshine
Lake Pharma, for specific indications in Mainland China. Shenyang Sunshine will pay Sunshine Lake Pharma an initial payment as
well as the corresponding R&D and sales milestone payments in accordance with the Clifutinib Agreement. Sunshine Lake Pharma
will continue to be responsible for the R&D, registration, production and other works of Clifutinib.


Cooperation with Duality Biologics in respect of HER2 ADC Drug


Shenyang Sunshine and its subsidiaries entered into a cooperation agreement with Duality Biologics, a clinical-stage innovative
biopharmaceutical company focusing on the R&D of next-generation ADC therapeutic agents for patients suffering from cancers
and autoimmune diseases, in respect of a HER2 ADC drug DB-1303. Pursuant to the agreement, Shenyang Sunshine will obtain
the commercialization right of the HER2 ADC drug DB-1303 developed by Duality Biologics for various indications in Mainland
China, Hong Kong and Macau. Shenyang Sunshine will pay Duality Biologics an initial payment as well as R&D and sales
milestone payments in accordance with the agreement. Meanwhile, Duality Biologics will continue to be responsible for the clinical
development, registration and other works of the relevant indications in the cooperation regions.




10      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




Key Products


—      Bio-pharmaceuticals


TPIAO


TPIAO is the Group’s self-developed proprietary product, and has been the only commercialized rhTPO product in the world
since its launch in 2005. TPIAO has been approved by the NMPA for three indications: the treatment of chemotherapy-induced
thrombocytopenia (“CIT”), ITP and pediatric ITP. TPIAO has the advantages of higher efficacy, faster platelet recovery and fewer
side effects as compared to alternative treatments for CIT and ITP.


TPIAO has been listed on the NRDL as a Class B Drug for the treatment of CIT in patients with solid tumors or ITP since 2017. In
the “Guidelines of CSCO — Cancer Therapy Induced Thrombocytopenia (“CTIT”) (2024 version)”3, rhTPO is listed as a treatment
choice with the highest level recommendation, the Grade I recommendation. According to the “Adapted Guideline for the Diagnosis
and Treatment of Primary Immune Thrombocytopenia for Chinese Children (2021)”4, rhTPO is the preferred choice among the
conventional second line treatments. According to the “Chinese Guideline on the Diagnosis and Management of Adult Primary
Immune Thrombocytopenia (2020 version)”5, rhTPO is one of the primary treatments for ITP emergency cases and is the preferred
choice in the second line treatments list for both ITP and ITP in pregnancy. In “Consensus on the Clinical Diagnosis, Treatment, and
Prevention of Chemotherapy-Induced Thrombocytopenia in China (2019 version)”6, rhTPO is one of the primary treatments for CIT.
rhTPO has also received similar professional endorsements in several national guidelines and experts consensus on treating certain
other diseases in Mainland China.


Future growth of TPIAO may be driven by: 1) the enhanced market position as for inpatients attributable to its safety and efficacy,
and its continually supplanting traditional IL platelet-raising drugs in clinical use; 2) the continued increase in the number of hospitals
covered; and 3) the expansion of indications. In 2024, its market share for the treatment of thrombocytopenia in Mainland China
was 34.3% in terms of sales volume and 66.6% in terms of sales value. The supplemental NDA for treatment of persistent or chronic
primary ITP in children or adolescents has been approved by the NMPA on 2 April 2024. In July 2024, the primary endpoint has
been achieved in the trial of phase III clinical study of TPIAO in the treatment of patients with chronic liver disease (“CLD”) related
thrombocytopenia who are candidates for invasive surgery. 3SBio submitted a marketing application for this indication to the NMPA
in August 2024 and the application was accepted.




3
    Issued by the Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (“CSCO”)
4
    Issued by the Subspecialty Group of Hematologic Diseases, the Society of Pediatrics, Chinese Medical Association (the “CMA”); the Editorial Board, Chinese Journal of
    Pediatrics
5
    Issued by the Thrombosis and Hemostasis Group of the Chinese Society of Hematology of the CMA
6
    Issued by the Society of Chemotherapy, China Anti-Cancer Association; and Committee of Neoplastic Supportive-Care (CONS), China Anti-Cancer Association


                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024                11
Management Discussion and Analysis




EPIAO


EPIAO is approved by the NMPA for the following three indications: the treatment of anemia associated with CKD, the treatment of
chemotherapy-induced anemia (“CIA”), and the reduction of allogeneic blood transfusion in surgery patients. rhEPO products has
been listed on the NRDL as a Class B Drug for renal anemia since 2000, for CIA in patients with non-hematological malignancies
since 2019, and, additionally, rhEPO products for the reduction of allogeneic blood transfusion in surgery patients also is under
NRDL coverage since 2024. EPIAO has also been listed on the 2018 National Essential Drug List. EPIAO has consistently been the
premier market leader in the Mainland China rhEPO market since 2002 in terms of both sales volume and sales value. EPIAO and
SEPO together claim a majority market share of the Mainland China rhEPO market at 10,000 IU dosage. The Group believes that,
1) the continuous expansion of the dialysis market; 2) the coverage reduction of allogeneic blood transfusion in surgery patients in
the NRDL; 3) the improvement of anemia treatment standards; 4) the improvement of the diagnosis and treatment rate of cancer
anemia; and 5) the proactive going-deep strategy in the lower-tier market, will continue to drive the further growth of clinical
applications of its erythropoietin products. The multi-center biosimilar clinical trials for EPIAO in Russia and Thailand were completed
in 2021. These trials demonstrate that EPIAO has promising effectiveness and manageable safety in patients with end-stage
renal disease on hemodialysis. EPIAO is in the process of registration in several countries in Asia, Africa, Europe, South and North
America.


Yisaipu


Yisaipu (Recombinant Human TNF-αReceptor II: IgG Fc Fusion Protein for Injection), is a TNF-αinhibitor product. It was first
launched in 2005 in Mainland China for RA. Its indications were expanded to ankylosing spondylitis (“AS”) and psoriasis in 2007.
Yisaipu has been listed on the NRDL as a Class B Drug since 2017 for RA and for AS, each subject to certain medical prerequisites,
and additionally, since 2019 for the treatment of adult patients with severe plaque psoriasis. Yisaipu is the first-to-market TNF-
αinhibitor product in Mainland China that filled a gap among domestic peers in regard to the fully-human therapeutic antibody-
drugs. Compared with competitors, the efficacy and safety of Yisaipu have been proven in the domestic market over two decades.
In “2018 China Rheumatoid Arthritis Treatment Guidance”, an authoritative document issued by the CMA, Yisaipu was adopted
under ‘TNF-αinhibitors’ as one of the RA treatment options, and TNF-αinhibitors was deemed as a group of biological agents with
relatively sufficient evidence and relatively wide adoption in treating RA. TNF-αinhibitors have been recommended in a number
of professional guidelines, such as “EULAR Recommendations for the Management of Rheumatoid Arthritis with Synthetic and
Biological Disease-Modifying Anti-rheumatic Drugs: 2022 Update”, “Group for Research and Assessment of Psoriasis and Psoriatic
Arthritis (GRAPPA): Updated Treatment Recommendations for Psoriatic Arthritis 2021” and “Recommendations for Diagnosis and
Treatment of Ankylosing Spondylitis”7.




7
     Issued by Chinese Rheumatology Association of the CMA, Chin J Intern Med, August 2022, Vol. 61, No. 8


12       3SBIO INC.
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




In 2024, Yisaipu will actively embrace centralized procurement to further promote the concept of long-term benefits of early-stage
biotherapy and encourage its use early in the treatment process. It will continue to enhance its awareness and application within
the medical profession and market growth of rheumatic immune biological agents in key third and fourth tier cities, and meanwhile,
actively expand the application of Yisaipu in different departments and fields including Chinese traditional medicine. The pre-filled
syringe of Yisaipu, launched since 2023, improves patient convenience and enhances the overall market competitiveness of Yisaipu.


Cipterbin


Cipterbin (Inetetamab) is the first innovative anti-HER2 mAb in Mainland China with the engineered Fc region and optimized
production process. Sunshine Guojian Pharmaceutical (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Sunshine Guojian”) independently developed this
product based on its proprietary technology platform. It was approved by the NMPA in June 2020 for treatment of HER2-positive
metastatic breast cancer in combination with chemotherapy. Cipterbin has been listed on the NRDL since 2020. Inetetamab has
been included in several clinical guidelines and experts consensus, including “Guidelines of CSCO — Breast Cancer (2024 edition)”
and “Guidelines for Breast Cancer Diagnosis and Treatment by China Anti-Cancer Association (2024 edition)”. With excellent
efficacy and safety and increased clinical use, the acceptance of Cipterbin by physicians and patients has been in steady rise.
In addition, positive research progress has been made in the application of Cipterbin in early neo-adjuvant therapy, treatment of
advanced HER2-positive breast cancer, and pan-HER2. These researches provide a strong scientific basis for Cipterbin in the
treatment of breast cancer at different stages, and also provide new ideas for the treatment of other HER2-positive cancers.


—     Small Molecules


Mandi


Mandi, generically known as minoxidil, was launched in 2001 as the first over-the-counter (“OTC”) drug in Mainland China for
androgenetic alopecia (“AGA”) and alopecia areata. Minoxidil is the world’s only topical OTC drug for male and female alopecia
that is approved for marketing by the U.S. FDA as well as the NMPA. The topical minoxidil can promote hair growth through: 1)
promoting angiogenesis to increase regional blood supply and dilate scalp vascular, so as to improve microcirculation; 2) directly
stimulating proliferation and differentiation of hair follicle epithelial cells to extend hair growth cycle; and 3) regulating the balance
between calcium ion and potassium ion. In the “Guideline for Diagnosis and Treatment of Androgenetic Alopecia” issued by
Chinese Medical Doctor Association, minoxidil receives the highest endorsement level, as it is superior to other AGA treatments
in terms of anti-alopecia and improvement effects and safety. In “Chinese Experts Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of
Female Androgenetic Alopecia (2022 edition)” (issued by the CMA), 5% minoxidil receives the highest endorsement level in female
androgenetic alopecia (FAGA).




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024          13
Management Discussion and Analysis




In 2024, Mandi still had a dominant position in the Mainland China minoxidil market. The Group believes that Mandi’s continuous
growth in the future will be driven by: 1) persistent market education, as the Group will continue to invest resources in promotion and
market education regarding the science of hair growth, enhancing the social recognition of Mandi as the top brand of scientific hair
growth; 2) professional digital marketing system, as Mandi expands its online layout from traditional e-commerce platforms such as
Ali, JD, to new e-commerce platforms like Tiktok store and Little Red Book, creating diversified and fine-tuned operation, accurately
reaching and converting potential customers, and continuously boosting sales on e-commerce platforms; and 3) launch of new
foam formulation. The application for market launch of Mandi (5% minoxidil) foam was approved by the NMPA as over-the-counter
(OTC) drug for male alopecia and alopecia areata, as announced on 8 January 2024. Mandi foam is currently the only minoxidil foam
that is approved for marketing in Mainland China, which significantly improves its market competitiveness.


In Mainland China, the current penetration rate of Mandi is still at a low level among the 250 million hair loss population. The Group
focuses on greater brand promotion of Mandi and on improving recognition of drug treatment effectiveness for hair loss. The Group
believes that with greater promotion, the enhanced penetration rate will continue to aggrandize the market potential of Mandi.


Remitch®


As announced on 5 July 2023, the NDA of nalfuraphine hydrochloride orally disintegrating tablets (Group R&D code: TRK-
820, marketed in Japan as “Remitch” since 2009, marketed in Mainland China as 麗美治®) was approved by the NMPA to treat
hemodialysis pruritus where current treatments do not produce satisfactory results. On 28 November, 2024, Remitch® has been
successfully listed on the NRDL (2024 Edition). In December 2017, Toray Industries Inc. (“Toray”) granted to the Group the exclusive
right to develop and commercialize TRK-820 in Mainland China.


According to the CMA, there are over 2 million patients with uremia in China, with 800,000 individuals undergoing hemodialysis per
year. According to the results of the global survey DOPPS (Dialysis Outcomes and Practice Patterns Study), 82% of hemodialysis
patients in China suffer from varying degrees of skin itching. Among them, as high as 39% of patients are suffering from moderate
or more severe level of skin itching, and patients suffering from severe or acutely severe skin itching are up to 19%. Pruritus and
the accompanying persistent sleep obstacles have become one of the important causes of depression suffered by hemodialysis
patients; there is also a clear correlation between the state of depression and the increased death rates in hemodialysis patients.


Antihistamines is one of the most commonly used drugs for treatment of skin pruritus in clinical practice, but it is not very effective
for treating hemodialysis pruritus. Remitch® is the first marketed drug in Mainland China targeting hemodialysis pruritus, alleviating
itching through a novel mechanism distinct from existing antihistamines or anti-allergic drugs. and is expected to alleviate the
pruritus symptoms and improve patient quality of life, thereby bringing benefits to the large number of hemodialysis pruritus patients
in Mainland China.




14     3SBIO INC.
                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis




—     CDMO Business


The Group’s contract development and manufacturing operation (“CDMO”) business currently comprises Northern Medicine
Valley Desen (Shenyang) Biologics Co., Ltd. (“Desen Biologics”), Shanghai Shengguo Pharmaceutical Development Co., Ltd.,
Guangdong Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and Sirton Pharmaceuticals S.p.A. (“Sirton”) in Italy, all being the Group’s
subsidiaries. Among them, Desen Biologics has a total planned area of 500 Chinese mu, designed as a biopharmaceutical CDMO
base, a manufacturing base of biopharmaceutical raw and auxiliary materials and consumables, and a biopharmaceutical core
process equipment base that are domestically-leading, oriented to the international market and compliant with relevant Chinese,
EU and U.S. Good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”) regulations. The 76,000-liter drug substance and drug product manufacturing
capacity has commenced to be successively certified since 2023.


New Drug Approvals


Minoxidil foam formulation (MN709): As announced on 8 January 2024, the application for market launch of Mandi (5% minoxidil)
Foam as an over-the-counter drug for the treatment of androgenetic alopecia and alopecia areata by the Group to the NMPA has
been approved.


TPIAO (rhTPO): As announced on 12 April 2024, the supplemental NDA of Recombinant Human Thrombopoietin Injection TPIAO
for the treatment of persistent or chronic primary ITP in children or adolescents has been approved by the NMPA on 2 April 2024. In
addition, the NDA for TPIAO in the treatment of patients with CLD related thrombocytopenia who are candidates for invasive surgery
was submitted in August 2024 and the application was accepted.


Eltrombopag Suspension: The Group’s cooperative product, Eltrombopag Suspension (Teaisheng® (特艾升®)), was approved for
marketing by the NMPA in December 2024. It is indicated for the treatment of chronic immune (idiopathic) thrombocytopenia (ITP)
in adults and children aged 6 years and above. Compared with other eltrombopag olamine drugs, the suspension offers improved
palatability, effectively enhancing patient compliance. Additionally, it allows for convenient dose adjustment, enabling precise
medication administration.


Research and Development


The Group’s integrated R&D platform covers a broad range of technical expertise in the discovery and development of various
innovative large and small molecule products, including antibody discovery, molecular cloning, antibody/protein engineering,
gene expression, cell line construction, manufacturing process development, pilot and large scale manufacturing, quality control
and assurance, design and management of pre-clinical and clinical trials, and regulatory filing and registration. The Group is well
experienced in the R&D of mammalian cell-expressed, bacterial cell-expressed and chemically-synthesized pharmaceuticals.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024        15
Management Discussion and Analysis




The Group focuses its R&D efforts on researching and developing innovative biological products as well as small molecule
therapeutics. Currently, the Group has several leading biological products in various stages of clinical development, including
SSS06 (NuPIAO, a second-generation rhEPO to treat anemia), 608 (an anti-IL-17A antibody to treat plaque psoriasis and ankylosing
spondylitis and other illness), CS1003 (an anti-PD-1 antibody for the first-line treatment of advanced hepatocellular carcinoma),
601A (an anti-VEGF antibody to treat BRVO and other ophthalmological diseases), 613 (an anti-IL-1ß antibody to treat acute/
intermittent gouty arthritis), 611 (an anti-IL4Rα antibody to treat AD and CRSwNP and other illness), 610 (an anti-IL-5 antibody to
treat severe asthma), and 626 (an anti-BDCA2 antibody to treat SLE and CLE), as well as multiple oncology treatment products
such as 707 (anti-VEGF/PD1 BsAb), 705 (anti-PD1/Her2 BsAb), and 706 (anti-PD1/PDL1 BsAb). On the small molecule side, the
Group is conducting clinical trials of HIF-117 capsule (SSS17, a selective small molecule inhibitor of HIF proline hydroxylase) to treat
anemia, and a bridging clinical trial in Mainland China for clascoterone cream (Winlevi®) in acne indication.


On the research front, the Group is engaged in developing innovative biological products, including mAbs, bi-specific antibodies
and fusion proteins, and a number of small molecule drugs, both innovative and generic, in the areas of nephrology, oncology,
autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, ophthalmology, dermatological and metabolic diseases.


The Group’s R&D team, consisting of nearly 700 experienced scientists, is working diligently to research and discover new
medicines, to accelerate the progress of clinical development, and to bring breakthrough therapies to fulfill the unmet medical needs
of patients.


Product Pipeline


As at 31 December 2024, amongst the 30 key product candidates within the Group’s active pipeline, 29 were being developed
as innovative drugs in Mainland China. Out of these product candidates, 18 are antibodies, 6 are other biologic products, and 6
are small molecule drugs. The Group has 13 product candidates in hematology/oncology; 11 product candidates that target auto-
immune diseases including RA and other diseases including refractory gout and ophthalmological diseases such as BRVO; 3
product candidates in nephrology; 2 product candidates in dermatology and 1 product candidate in metabolic diseases.


Notes:


(1)      Each arrow bar in the R&D Pipeline chart below indicates the progress in Mainland China, other than those bearing remarks on U.S. progress


(2)      ANDA: abbreviated NDA


(3)      The R&D Pipeline chart below only displays the highest clinical stage of all the indications of a product candidate


(4)      The products approved for marketing in 2024 are Mandi Foam, eltrombopag suspension, apremilast tablets, and TPIAO was approved for a new pediatric ITP
         indication in 2024




16         3SBIO INC.
                                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




R&D Pipeline

     Therapeutic
        Area            Candidates                  Pre-clinical   IND      Ph I       Ph II       Ph III                 NDA

     Nephrology
                        SSS06 Long-acting rhEPO
                             Remitch CLD pruritus
                                                                                                                                      NDA     2
                            SSS17 HIF inhibitor                                                                                                Pre-clinical
                                TPO-106 CLDT                                                                                          NDA
                              SSS20 Eltrombopag
                            304R anti-CD20 Ab
                                                                                                                                      ANDA
                                                                                                                                              9
     Hematology
                           CS1003 anti-PD1 Ab                                                                                                  IND& Phase I
                               602 anti-EGFR Ab
        and
      Oncology                  609A anti-PD1 Ab
                      707 anti-PD1/VEGF BsAb
                      705 anti-PD1/HER2 BsAb
                                                                                               U.S.IND
                                                                                                                                              5
                          706 anti-PD1/PDL1BsAb
                                                                                                                                               Phase II
                           708 anti-PD1/TGF-β Ab
                              SSS40 anti-NGF Ab
                        SA102 CS1/BCMA CAR-T
                                                                                                                                             10
                                   SSS41 CAR-T                                                                                                 Phase III
                              608 anti-IL17A Ab                                                                                       NDA
                            601A anti-VEGF Ab
                               613 anti-IL1β Ab
                             611 anti-IL4Rα Ab                                                           U.S.Ph I
                                                                                                                                              4 NDA /ANDA
        Auto-
                                610 anti-IL5 Ab
      immune,                                                                                                                                     submission
    Ophthalmology                621 anti-IL33 Ab                          U.S.IND
         and
                             SSS07 anti-TNFα Ab                                                                     Antibody
        others
                              SSS11 Pegsiticase
                    SSS39 Rapamycin Nanoparticle
                                                                                                                    Other Biologics           3 Approved NDA or
                                                                                                                    Small Molecule               ANDA in 2024 5
                              626 anti-BDCA2 Ab                            U.S.IND
                                627 anti-TL1A Ab                         U.S.IND
                           WS204 Clascoterone
    Dermatology &
                                   Semaglutide
     Metabolism
                    Minoxidil Foam-Female AGA




The Group has fully utilized its thirty years of experience in the R&D of biopharmaceuticals, and has deployed a number of early
discovery projects in hematology, oncology and autoimmune fields, covering more than 10 innovative targets, which provide a long-
term strategic reserve for the Group’s R&D.


Key Product Developments


(Unless otherwise noted, this Section “Key Product Developments” concerns the developments in Mainland China.)


–      New Drug Application


NuPIAO (Second-generation rhEPO, SSS06): The Group completed the phase III clinical trial of SSS06 for the treatment of anemia
in chronic renal failure in January 2024, which demonstrated that the study reached its pre-set primary endpoint. In addition, the
Group submitted an NDA for this product to NMPA in July 2024 for the treatment of adult dialysis patients undergoing erythropoietin
therapy and the application was accepted. Moreover, the IND application for SSS06 targeting CIA was approved for phase II clinical
trial in December 2024.


Anti-IL-17A mAb (608): The phase III clinical trial of 608 in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis has successfully
reached all efficacy endpoints, and the NDA was submitted and accepted in November 2024. The phase II clinical study of 608
for the treatment of patients with ankylosing spondylitis has completed patient enrollment, while patient enrollment in the phase II
clinical trial for patients with non-radiographic axial spondylitis is currently ongoing.




                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024         17
Management Discussion and Analysis




–     Phase III development


Anti-VEGF mAb (601A): The Group has completed the phase III clinical trial of 601A for BRVO, and expects to submit the marketing
application in 2025.


Clascoterone (WS204): Patient recruitment for the phase III bridging clinical trial of WS204 for treatment of moderate-to-severe acne
vulgaris has been completed, and the Group plans to complete the clinical trial in 2025 and submit the marketing application.


Anti-IL-1β mAb (613): Patient enrollment for the phase III clinical trial of 613 for the treatment of acute gouty arthritis (AG) has been
completed, with interim analysis results showing positive outcomes. The phase II clinical trial results were published in the journal of
the European League Against Rheumatism (2024). Additionally, the patient enrollment for the phase II clinical trial treating patients in
the intermittent phase of gouty arthritis (PFG) has been completed.


Anti-IL-4Rα mAb (611): Patient enrollment for the phase III clinical trial of the product in adult patients with AD has been completed.
The patient enrollment for the phase III clinical trial for Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyps (CRSwNP) is currently ongoing. The
phase II clinical trial of 611 for moderate-to-severe COPD has completed patient enrollment, with interim analysis demonstrating
positive efficacy outcomes. Furthermore, patient enrollment for the phase II clinical trial of 611 in adolescent AD indication has been
completed, while the patient enrollment for the phase Ib clinical trial for children with moderate-to-severe AD has been completed.


Anti-IL-5 mAb (610): The phase III clinical trial of 610 for the treatment of severe eosinophilic asthma is currently ongoing, with phase
II data indicating positive efficacy outcomes.


Semaglutide Injection: Patient enrollment for the phase III clinical trial of the Group’s collaborative product, Semaglutide Injection in
weight management indication, was completed in February 2025 by the partner, Hybio Pharmaceutical. Currently, in accordance
with the “Guidelines for Design of Clinical Trials for Biosimilar Semaglutide Injection in Weight Management Indication” issued by
the CDE, the 44-week drug administration treatment is underway, to be followed by data evaluation and the marketing application
process.


Anti-PD-1/VEGF BsAb (707): Currently, four clinical studies have been commenced for 707, of which the first-line monotherapy for
PD-L1 positive advanced non-small cell lung cancer indications has been approved by the CDE to conduct a phase III clinical study.
707, the first-line combination therapy with chemotherapy for advanced non-small cell lung cancer, metastatic colorectal cancer,
and advanced gynecological tumors indications are currently in phase II clinical trials. The phase II interim data read out in January
2025 showed that 707 has achieved excellent clinical efficacy in the first-line monotherapy for PD-L1 positive advanced non-small
cell lung cancer. 707 is a PD-1/VEGF targeting bi-specific antibody developed on the Group’s CLF2 BsAb platform, and has been
approved by the U.S. FDA for phase I clinical trial in advanced solid tumors in the U.S.




18      3SBIO INC.
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




–     Phase II development


HIF-117 (SSS17): The phase II clinical trial of SSS17 in non-dialysis patients with chronic renal anemia is being actively conducted.
The Group plans to complete the clinical trial in 2025. The application for the phase II clinical trial of SSS17 for the indication of
postoperative anemia (POA) was submitted to the CDE in February 2025, and it is expected to commence this year. SSS17 is a
selective small molecule inhibitor to HIF proline hydroxylase (HIFPH), a molecule which can improve the stability and half-life period
of HIF, so as to promote the secretion of erythropoietin (EPO). It is expected that SSS17 will have a synergistic effect with the
Group’s rhEPO injection drug in the future, providing patients with an alternative treatment option.


–     Phase I development and new IND applications


Anti-PD-1/HER2 BsAb (705): It is an anti-PD-1/HER2 BsAb independently developed by the Group. It simultaneously inhibits the
PD-1/PD-L1 signaling pathway and the HER2 signaling pathway, integrating the mechanisms of action of targeted therapy and
immunotherapy, thus having the potential to achieve enhanced tumor immune surveillance. Currently, a phase I clinical trial of 705
for HER-2 positive advanced solid tumors is being carried out in Mainland China; the IND application of 705 has been approved by
the U.S. FDA.


Anti-PD-1/PD-L1 BsAb (706): It is an anti-PD-1/PD-L1 BsAb independently developed by the Group. The phase I clinical trial for
advanced solid tumors is currently in progress.


Anti-NGF Ab (SSS40): It is a humanized nerve-growth factor (NGF) mAb. The Group is currently conducting the phase Ib/IIa clinical
trial of SSS40 for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe bone metastasis cancer pain. The phase II clinical study is
expected to commence in 2025.


Rapamycin Nanoparticle (SSS39): The single drug safety clinical trial of SSS39 is currently ongoing, and the Group expects that the
phase I clinical trial will be completed in 2025. Rapamycin nanoparticle is a new type of macrolide immunosuppressant that can be
co-administered with biological agents to induce immune tolerance, thereby reducing the immunogenicity of the biological agents
and maintaining their efficacy.


Pegsiticase (SSS11): The Group is conducting a phase Ib clinical trial for SSS11 in patients with high uric acid level and medical
history of gout symptoms in Mainland China. The phase III clinical trial of the combination therapy SEL-212 for chronic refractory
gout in the United States that the Group collaborates with its business partner Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (STO: SOBI) (“Sobi”)
has been completed. Sobi has submitted the rolling Biologics License Application (BLA) to the U.S. FDA in July 2024. SEL-212
contains pegsiticase (also known as pegadricase, a recombinant enzyme that metabolizes uric acid).


Anti-BDCA2 Ab (626): The Group has submitted IND applications for SLE and CLE indications in Mainland China and the United
States respectively. Among these, the IND application in Mainland China for the above two indications has been approved by the
CDE, and the phase I clinical trial is currently underway. The U.S. IND application has also been approved.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024         19
Management Discussion and Analysis




Anti-TL1A Ab (627): It is a TL1A-targeting mAb independently developed by Sunshine Guojian. The Group has submitted IND
applications for 627 for ulcerative colitis (UC) in Mainland China and the United States respectively. The IND application in Mainland
China has been approved, marking it as the first TL1A antibody developed in Mainland China entering in the regulatory review. The
U.S. IND application has also been approved by the FDA.


Sales, Marketing and Distribution


The Group’s sales and marketing efforts are characterized by a strong emphasis on academic promotion. The Group aims to
promote and strengthen the Group’s academic recognition and the brand awareness of its products among medical experts. The
Group markets and promotes its key products mainly through its in-house team. The Group sells these products to distributors who
are responsible for delivering products to hospitals and other medical institutions. Mandi is also sold through retail pharmacies and
online stores.


As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s extensive sales and distribution network in Mainland China was supported by 2,653 sales
and marketing employees, 1,248 distributors and 1,811 third-party promoters. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s products
were sold in more than 3,000 Grade III hospitals and nearly 9,000 Grade II or lower hospitals and medical institutions across all
provinces, autonomous regions and special municipalities in Mainland China. In addition, TPIAO, Yisaipu, EPIAO, SEPO and some
of the Group’s other products are exported to a number of countries through international promoters. During the Reporting Period,
the Group’s products were sold in 20 countries, including Thailand, Brazil, the Philippines and Pakistan.


Outlook


Looking back on 2024, the Chinese government has comprehensively enhanced its support for pharmaceutical innovation by
improving policies in multi-dimensions, including pharmaceuticals, medical care, and medical insurance. In July 2024, the executive
meeting of the State Council considered and passed the “Implementation Plan for the Full Chain Support for Innovative Drugs
Development” (《全鏈條支持創新藥發展實施方案》), which pointed out that it is necessary to strengthen the policy guarantee of
the full chain, make overall good use of the price management, medical insurance payment, commercial insurance, allocation and
use of medicines, and investment and financing policies, and optimize the review and approval and the assessment mechanism of
the medical institutions, so as to jointly promote breakthrough development of innovative drugs. In September 2024, the National
Healthcare Security Administration officially launched a “1+3+N” multi-level medical security system, exploring a diversified payment
mechanism that integrates basic medical insurance with commercial insurance, thereby enhancing payment support for innovative
drugs. In December 2024, the National Healthcare Security Administration and the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security
published the 2024 NRDL, which added 91 new drugs, including 38 “globally new” innovative drugs, boosting the expected returns
for innovative drugs. During this NRDL round, the Group’s core product, TPIAO, has been successfully re-listed; and the exclusive
product Remitch® has been successfully listed, holding promise to improve the quality of life for millions of dialysis patients. Under
the new medical insurance policy, the Group continues to ensure the good order of production and quality control, be diligent in its
social responsibilities, and benefit more patients with high-quality and high-standard medicines.




20      3SBIO INC.
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




In 2024, the Group achieved important milestones for several key R&D products. Teaisheng® (特艾升®) (Eltrombopag Suspension)
was successfully approved for marketing; the anti-IL-17A mAb (608) and the long-acting rhEPO NuPIAO (SSS06) were submitted
for marketing approval; our independently developed anti-PD-1/VEGF BsAb (707) demonstrated excellent efficacy in the interim
data readout of its phase II clinical trial; the anti-BDCA2 Ab (626) and the anti-TL1A mAb (627) are both the first domestic new
drugs in Mainland China to apply for clinical trials for their respective targets. Meanwhile, the Group achieved four deals in external
cooperation. By strategically collaborating with partners, it accelerates the progress of domestic new drugs in clinical trials and
commercialization, actively contributes to the launch of domestic innovative drugs, and produces better treatment options for
domestic patients.


Looking forward to 2025, the Group will actively prepare for the market launch of self-developed or co-developed innovative
drugs such as Liporaxel® (paclitaxel oral solution), Teaisheng® (特艾升®) (Eltrombopag Suspension), and Remitch® (narfuraphine
hydrochloride orally disintegrating tablets). With the advance of clinical research and the filing process, we expect that from 2025
onwards, the Group will have key new drugs entering the commercialization every year.


In 2025, the Group will place greater emphasis on the development of innovative drugs. In particular, it will actively explore targets
and develop drugs in fields with broad patient needs, such as oncology, auto-immunity, and nephrology. The Group will focus on
improving the efficacy and safety of innovative drugs, accelerating the pace of innovation, and enhancing the innovation capacity.
The Group will set emphasis on advancing the early discovery projects in its oncology pipeline into clinical stage, and continuously
explore the clinical efficacy of investigational drugs such as the anti-PD-1/VEGF BsAb (707) in multiple cancer types. It will continue
to advance the clinical progress of auto-immune candidates such as the anti-IL-1β mAb (613), anti-IL-4α mAb (611), and anti-
IL-5 mAb (610) to strengthen its competitive edge. The Group also attaches importance to collaborating with excellent products
in the same therapeutic area, and explores better clinical treatment methods through diversified approaches such as combination
therapies. In addition, the Group has made strategic moves in indications with large patient populations, such as hair, acne, and
weight loss. It is actively pursue developing new drugs in these areas, aiming to achieve product reach to hundreds of millions of
patients at an early date.


In 2025, the Group will continue a dual-track strategy of internal R&D and external cooperation. It will exploit innovative drug
cooperation targets with potentials to complement the Group’s existing product portfolio. Meanwhile, it will actively seek global
partners to jointly promote the global development of pipeline products. The Group is committed to leveraging its mature capabilities
in biopharmaceutical R&D, registration, commercial production, and sales to facilitate the R&D and launch process of more high-
quality cooperative products. Driven by the mission of making innovative biopharmaceuticals accessible, the Group will accelerate
the market launch of more high-quality products to benefit patients.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024         21
Management Discussion and Analysis




FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB9,108.0 million, as compared to approximately
RMB7,815.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB1,292.1 million, or
approximately 16.5%. The increase was mainly attributable to the strong sales growth of TPIAO, Mandi and Cipterbin.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of TPIAO increased to approximately RMB5,062.0 million, as compared to
approximately RMB4,204.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB857.4
million, or approximately 20.4%. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in sales volume. For the Reporting Period, the
sales of TPIAO accounted for approximately 55.6% of the Group’s total revenue.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s combined sales of EPIAO and SEPO increased to approximately RMB1,018.5 million, as
compared to approximately RMB940.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of approximately
RMB78.2 million, or approximately 8.3%. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of EPIAO increased to approximately
RMB757.5 million, as compared to approximately RMB725.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an
increase of approximately RMB32.2 million, or approximately 4.4%. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of SEPO increased
to approximately RMB260.9 million, as compared to approximately RMB215.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2023,
representing an increase of approximately RMB45.9 million, or approximately 21.3%. For the Reporting Period, the combined sales
of EPIAO and SEPO accounted for approximately 11.2% of the Group’s total revenue.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales from alopecia area were approximately RMB1,351.8 million, as compared to
approximately RMB1,142.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 representing an increase of approximately RMB209.5
million, or approximately 18.3%. The increase was mainly attributable to the increased market demand for hair loss and growth
treatments, which was fostered by the Group’s diversified and effective promotional efforts. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s
sales of Mandi increased to approximately RMB1,336.8 million, as compared to approximately RMB1,124.1 million for the year
ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB212.7 million, or approximately 18.9%. For the Reporting
Period, the sales from alopecia area accounted for approximately 14.8% of the Group’s total revenue.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from CDMO business increased to approximately RMB180.1 million, as compared to
approximately RMB174.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB6.1 million,
or approximately 3.5%. The increase was mainly attributable to the increased CDMO orders from customers.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s other sales, which primarily consisted of sales from Cipterbin, Sparin (an injectable low-
molecular-weight heparin calcium product indicated for: (1) prophylaxis and treatment of deep vein thrombosis; and (2) prevention
of clotting during hemodialysis), export sales and other products, increased to approximately RMB951.9 million, as compared to
approximately RMB827.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB124.2
million, or approximately 15.0%. The increase was mainly attributable to the strong sales growth of Cipterbin.


22     3SBIO INC.
                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




Cost of Sales


The Group’s cost of sales increased from approximately RMB1,174.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately
RMB1,279.6 million for the Reporting Period, which accounted for approximately 14.0% of the Group’s total revenue for the same
period. The increase in the Group’s cost of sales was due to the increased sales volume for the Reporting Period, as compared to
the corresponding period in 2023.


Gross Profit


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s gross profit increased to approximately RMB7,828.4 million, as compared to approximately
RMB6,641.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB1,186.8 million, or
approximately 17.9%. The increase in the Group’s gross profit was broadly in line with its revenue growth during the year. The
Group’s gross profit margin increased to approximately 86.0% for the year ended 31 December 2024 from approximately 85.0% for
the corresponding period in 2023.


Other Income and Gains


The Group’s other income and gains mainly comprised government grants, interest income, fair value losses on financial
assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), net foreign exchange differences, and other miscellaneous income. For the
Reporting Period, the Group’s other income and gains increased to approximately RMB4.7 million, as compared to approximately
RMB-53.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB58.2 million, or
approximately 108.8%. The increase was mainly attributable to the decrease in the fair value losses on financial assets at FVTPL
and the increase in foreign exchange gain in 2024, as compared to 2023.


Selling and Distribution Expenses


The Group’s selling and distribution expenses primarily consisted of marketing and promotion expenses, staff costs, transportation
expenses, consulting fees and other miscellaneous selling and distribution expenses. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s selling
and distribution expenses amounted to approximately RMB3,351.3 million, as compared to approximately RMB3,006.2 million for
the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB345.1 million, or approximately 11.5%. The
increase was broadly in line with its revenue growth during the year. In terms of the percentage of revenue, the Group’s selling and
distribution expenses represented approximately 36.8% for the Reporting Period as compared to approximately 38.5% for the year
ended 31 December 2023.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024        23
Management Discussion and Analysis




Administrative Expenses


The Group’s administrative expenses consisted of staff costs, professional fees, depreciation and amortization, property expenses,
share-based compensation, and other miscellaneous administrative expenses. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s administrative
expenses amounted to approximately RMB501.9 million, as compared to approximately RMB480.8 million for the year ended 31
December 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB21.1 million, or approximately 4.4%. The administrative expenses
as a percentage of revenue was approximately 5.5% for the Reporting Period, as compared to approximately 6.2% for the
corresponding period in 2023.


R&D Costs


The Group’s R&D costs primarily consisted of staff costs, materials consumption, clinical trials costs, depreciation and amortization,
and other miscellaneous R&D expenses. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s R&D costs amounted to approximately RMB1,326.5
million, as compared to approximately RMB794.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of
approximately RMB531.7 million, or approximately 66.9%. The increase was mainly due to the speed-up of the Group’s R&D
projects. The R&D costs as a percentage of revenue was approximately 14.6% for the Reporting Period, as compared to
approximately 10.2% for the corresponding period in 2023.


Other Expenses


The Group’s other expenses primarily consisted of donation expenses, loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment,
provisions for impairment of financial assets and impairment of other intangible assets, net foreign exchange differences, and other
miscellaneous expenses. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s other expenses amounted to approximately RMB93.3 million, as
compared to approximately RMB85.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of approximately
RMB7.5 million, or approximately 8.7%. The increase was mainly attributable to the increase in the provisions for impairment of
financial assets and impairment of other intangible assets in 2024.


Finance Costs


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s finance costs amounted to approximately RMB190.8 million, as compared to approximately
RMB212.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing a decrease of approximately RMB21.5 million, or
approximately 10.1%. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in interest-bearing bank borrowings in 2024.




24     3SBIO INC.
                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis




Income Tax Expense


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s income tax expense amounted to approximately RMB500.5 million, as compared to
approximately RMB392.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB108.3
million, or approximately 27.6%. The effective tax rates for the Reporting Period and the corresponding period in 2023 were
approximately 18.4% and 19.8%, respectively. The decrease in effective tax rate was mainly due to a significant amount of tax-
exempt special dividends from an overseas associate included in the pre-tax profit in 2024, as compared to 2023.


EBITDA and Net Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent


The EBITDA for the Reporting Period increased by approximately RMB784.7 million or approximately 32.8% to approximately
RMB3,173.8 million, as compared to approximately RMB2,389.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. The EBITDA
adjusted for non-operating items is defined as the EBITDA for the period excluding, as applicable (such excluded items, as
applicable, “Excluded Items”): (a) the interest expenses incurred in relation to the Euro (“EUR”)-denominated zero-coupon
convertible bonds in an aggregate principal amount of EUR320,000,000 due 2025 (“2025 Bonds”); (b) gain on redemption of
2025 Bonds; (c) the expenses associated with awarded shares granted by 3SBio in March 2020; (d) the expenses associated with
the awarded shares granted by 3SBio in September 2024; (e) the expenses associated with the awarded shares granted under
an employee share ownership plan by Sunshine Guojian in February 2021; (f) the expenses associated with the restricted share
incentive plan granted by Sunshine Guojian in July 2024; (g) fair value gains or losses on financial assets at FVTPL; and (h) non-
operating foreign exchange differences. The Group’s EBITDA adjusted for non-operating items for the Reporting Period increased
by approximately RMB633.9 million or approximately 22.9% to approximately RMB3,402.3 million, as compared to approximately
RMB2,768.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.


The net profit attributable to owners of the parent for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB2,090.3 million, as compared to
approximately RMB1,549.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB541.1
million, or approximately 34.9%. The net profit attributable to owners of the parent adjusted for non-operating items is defined as
the profit attributable to owners of the parent for the period excluding, as applicable, the Excluded Items. The Group’s net profit
attributable to owners of the parent adjusted for non-operating items for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB2,318.8
million, as compared to approximately RMB1,952.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of
approximately RMB366.4 million, or approximately 18.8%.


Earnings Per Share


The basic earnings per share for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB0.86 as compared to approximately RMB0.64 for the
year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of approximately 34.4%.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024        25
Management Discussion and Analysis




Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value


As at 31 December 2024, financial assets measured at fair value primarily comprised the investment in treasury or cash
management products issued by certain banks, the investment in listed companies and the investments in private equity funds
which focus on the healthcare industry.


The treasury or cash management products subscribed by the Group for treasury management purposes from time to time
during the Reporting Period included wealth management products offered by various independent commercial banks. For further
information, please refer to the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis — Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources
— Significant Investments Held” in this annual report relating to the Group’s subscriptions from certain independent commercial
banks.



LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The Group’s liquidity remained strong. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s operating activities generated a net cash inflow of
approximately RMB3,201.3 million, as compared to approximately RMB2,082.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023,
representing an increase of approximately RMB1,118.4 million or approximately 53.7%. The increase was mainly attributable to the
increased cash inflow from the operating activities of the Group. As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents,
non-pledged time deposits and pledged deposits were approximately RMB4,349.1 million.


Net Current Assets


As at 31 December 2024, the Group had net current assets of approximately RMB3,883.4 million, as compared to net current
assets of approximately RMB5,465.1 million as at 31 December 2023. The current ratio of the Group was approximately 1.7 as at
31 December 2024, as compared to approximately 2.5 at 31 December 2023. The decrease in net current assets and current ratio
was mainly attributable to the reclassification of the unsecured non-listed bonds in an aggregate amount of RMB1,200,000,000 (the
“Panda Bonds”), which mature in 2025, from non-current liabilities to current liabilities in 2024, resulting in an increase in current
liabilities.


Funding and Treasury Policies, Borrowing and Pledge of Assets


The Group’s finance department is responsible for the funding and treasury policies with regard to the overall business operation of
the Group. The Company expects to fund its working capital and other capital requirements from a combination of various sources,
including but not limited to internal financing and external financing at reasonable market rates. The Group continues to seek ways
to improve the return of the equity and assets while maintaining a prudent funding and treasury policy.




26        3SBIO INC.
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




As at 31 December 2024, the Group had an aggregate interest-bearing bank borrowing of approximately RMB2,281.4 million, as
compared to approximately RMB3,574.3 million as at 31 December 2023. The decrease in bank borrowings primarily reflected
the repayment of bank loans of approximately RMB2,797.0 million, which was partially offset by the additional bank loans of
approximately RMB1,532.9 million in 2024. Among the short-term deposits, none was pledged to secure the aforementioned bank
loans as at 31 December 2024.


As at 31 December 2024, the Group had the outstanding Panda Bonds of approximately RMB1,226.1 million. For more information
on the Group’s Panda Bonds, please refer to Note 32 “BONDS PAYABLE” to the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the
Reporting Period in this annual report.


Gearing Ratio


The gearing ratio of the Group, which was calculated by dividing the total borrowings, lease liabilities and bonds by the total equity,
decreased to approximately 19.7% as at 31 December 2024 from approximately 29.3% as at 31 December 2023. The decrease
was primarily due to the decreased interest-bearing bank borrowings during the Reporting Period.


Charge on Assets


As at 31 December 2024, the Group had charge on assets of approximately RMB33.2 million (31 December 2023: RMB1,206.4
million).


Contingent Liabilities


As at 31 December 2024, the Group had no significant contingent liabilities.


Contractual Obligations


The Group’s capital commitment amounted to approximately RMB901.9 million as at 31 December 2024, as compared to
approximately RMB993.6 million as at 31 December 2023.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024         27
Management Discussion and Analysis




Foreign Exchange and Exchange Rate Risk


The Group mainly operates in Mainland China, with all material aspects of its regular business conducted in Renminbi other than: (1)
the operations of Sirton; and (2) the Group’s exports, which amounted to approximately RMB115.7 million, or approximately 1.3%
of the Group’s revenue, for the Reporting Period. Except for the operations of Sirton, the Group’s exports, possible international
deal expenditures (such as expenditures related to international licensing and acquisitions), foreign currency denominated bank
borrowings and bank deposits and the Euro-denominated 2025 Bonds, the Group believes that it does not have any other
material direct exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s foreign currency denominated
bank deposits primarily comprised: (1) approximately United States Dollar (“USD”) 168.5 million (equivalent to approximately
RMB1,211.3 million); (2) approximately Hong Kong Dollar (“HKD”) 43.2 million (equivalent to approximately RMB40.0 million); and
(3) approximately EUR19.2 million (equivalent to approximately RMB144.3 million). The Group expects that the fluctuation of the
Renminbi exchange rate will not have a material adverse effect on the operations of the Group in the foreseeable future.


Significant Acquisitions and Disposals


During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures.


Significant Investments Held


As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not hold any significant investment. As at 31 December 2024, the Group held (i) equity
investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income of approximately RMB818.0 million; and (ii) wealth
management products of various independent commercial banks as financial assets at FVTPL of approximately RMB3,777.7 million,
none of which such investments in any group of entities or products offered by any group of commercial banks, in aggregate,
represented 5% or more of the total assets of the Group.


Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Assets


The Group estimates that the total capital expenditure of the Group for the next three years will be in the range of RMB1,000 million
to RMB1,200 million. These expected capital expenditures will primarily be incurred for the maintenance of the Group’s existing
facilities and the expansion of the Group’s production capabilities. The Group expects to finance its capital expenditures through a
combination of internally generated funds and bank borrowings.




28     3SBIO INC.
                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




EMPLOYEES AND EMOLUMENTS POLICY

As at 31 December 2024, the Group employed a total of 5,577 employees, as compared to a total of 5,411 employees as at
31 December 2023. The staff costs, including Directors’ emoluments but excluding any contributions to the pension scheme,
were approximately RMB1,469.8 million for the Reporting Period, as compared to approximately RMB1,271.5 million for the
corresponding period in 2023. The Group generally formulated its employees’ remuneration package to include salary, bonus
and allowance elements. The compensation programs were designed to remunerate the employees based on their performance,
measured against specified objective criteria. The Group also provided the employees with welfare benefits in accordance with
applicable regulations and the Group’s internal policies. The Company has adopted a share option scheme and a share award
scheme (“2019 Share Award Scheme”) and there are other incentive initiatives such as cash awards, all of which are for the
purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. In
addition, Sunshine Guojian has adopted two restricted share incentive plans respectively in February 2021 and in July 2024, and
there is also a gratuitous incentive scheme set up by founding and management members of the Group that serves to recognise
employees’ contributions.



PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The Group operates in a highly competitive environment, and it may not be able to compete effectively against current and
future competitors.


The Group operates in a highly competitive environment. The Group may not be able to compete effectively against current and
future competitors. The Group’s products compete with other products or treatments for diseases for which the Group’s products
may be indicated. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapid changes in technology, constant
enhancement of industrial know-how and frequent emergence of new products. Many of the Group’s competitors, including foreign
pharmaceutical companies and large state-owned pharmaceutical companies, may have substantially greater clinical, research,
regulatory, manufacturing, marketing, financial and human resources than the Group has.


If the Group’s products are excluded or removed from the national medical insurance catalogue, the Group’s sales,
profitability and business prospects could be adversely affected.


As at the date of this annual report, of the Group’s key products, TPIAO, EPIAO and SEPO, Yisaipu and Cipterbin, as well as certain
other products including Remitch, Sparin and Qiming Keli, etc., are listed on the NRDL.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024        29
Management Discussion and Analysis




The selection of pharmaceutical products for listing in the national medical insurance catalogue is based on a variety of factors,
including clinical needs, use frequency, efficacy and price, many of which are outside of the Group’s control. Moreover, the relevant
PRC government authorities may also, from time to time, review and revise the scope of reimbursement for the products that are
already listed in the national medical insurance catalogue. There can be no assurance that any of the Group’s products currently
listed in the national medical insurance catalogue will remain listed, or that changes in the scope of reimbursement will not negatively
affect the Group’s products. If any of the Group’s products are removed from the national medical insurance catalogue, or if the
scope of reimbursement is reduced, demand for the Group’s products may decrease and the Group’s revenue and profitability
could be adversely affected. Furthermore, if the Group is unable to list new products in the national medical insurance catalogue, or
add new indications to the Group’s currently listed products, the Group’s business prospects could be adversely affected.


If the Group is unable to win bids to sell the Group’s products to PRC hospitals in the provincial tendering process, it may
lose market share and the Group’s revenue and profitability could be adversely affected.


In each province where the Group markets its products, it is required to participate in a government-sponsored competitive bidding
process every year or every few years. During the provincial tendering process, the Group and its competitors submit pricing and
other product information to local government agencies for selection, which usually is based on the bid price, clinical effectiveness
and quality of each product and the reputation of the bidder. For each product category, the local government agencies will permit a
limited number of products for sale in the relevant province or local district.


The Group may fail to win bids in a provincial tendering process due to various factors, including reduced demand for the relevant
product, uncompetitive bidding price or local protectionism. The Group may also win bids at low prices that will limit the Group’s
profit margins. There can be no assurance that the Group’s bids will enable it to win in the tendering process and maintain the
Group’s market share without compromising the Group’s profitability. In addition, the Group may lose in the tendering process due
to the relevant product being perceived to be less clinically effective than competing products or the Group’s services or other aspects
of the Group’s operations being perceived to be less competitive.


Under the current centralized government procurement regime, the prices of the Group’s products that may participate in
the centralized procurement may drop significantly, or the procurement quantities of such products may be reduced by
medical institutions. If such adverse events materialize, the sales revenue and profits of these products may decline.


Pursuant to the current centralized procurement government policies, more provinces in the PRC are likely to conduct drug price
negotiations aggressively. It is expected that compared with the original drug prices, the bidding prices would decline substantially in
centralized procurement. In many provinces, the prices of the Group’s products in centralized procurement may drop significantly,
or the procurement quantities of such products may be reduced by medical institutions. If such adverse events materialize, the
sales revenue and profits of these products may decline, and the Group’s revenue, profitability and business prospects could be
adversely affected.




30      3SBIO INC.
                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis




If the Group fails to develop and commercialize new pharmaceutical products, its business prospects could be adversely
affected.


The Group’s long-term competitiveness depends on its ability to enhance its existing products and to develop and commercialize
new biotechnology and other pharmaceutical products through its research and development activities. The development process
of pharmaceutical products in general, and biopharmaceuticals in particular, is time-consuming and costly, and there can be no
assurance that the Group’s research and development activities will enable it to successfully develop new pharmaceutical products.
Since relatively few research and development programs in the pharmaceutical industry produce a commercially viable product, a
product candidate that appears promising in the early phases of development may fail to reach the market for a number of reasons,
such as:


•     the failure to demonstrate safety and efficacy in preclinical and clinical trials;


•     the failure to obtain approvals for its intended indications from relevant regulatory bodies, such as the NMPA;


•     the Group’s inability to manufacture and commercialize sufficient quantities of the product economically; and


•     proprietary rights, such as patent rights, held by others related to the Group’s product candidate and their refusal to sell or
      license such rights to the Group on reasonable terms, or at all.


New pharmaceutical products must be approved by the NMPA before they can be marketed and sold in Mainland China. The
NMPA requires successful completion of clinical trials and demonstration of manufacturing capability before granting approval.
Clinical trials are expensive and their results are uncertain. It often takes multiple years before a medicine can be ultimately
approved by the NMPA. In addition, the NMPA and other regulatory authorities may apply new standards for safety, manufacturing,
packaging, and distribution of future product candidates. Complying with such standards may be time-consuming and expensive
and could result in delays in obtaining NMPA approval for the Group’s product candidates, or possibly preclude the Group from
obtaining NMPA approval. Furthermore, the Group’s future products may not be effective or may prove to have undesirable or
unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude the Group from obtaining regulatory approval or prevent
or limit their commercial use. Even if the Group does obtain regulatory approvals, the process may take longer than expected
or desired. Additionally, such approvals may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the Group may market the
relevant product, therefore restricting its market size.


The Group has formed collaborative relationships with certain research institutes and companies to benefit from their expertise and
resources in developing new and competitive products. However, there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to maintain
such relationship or enter into new relationships. Any deterioration in the Group’s existing relationships or failure to enter into new
relationships with suitable research partners on commercially acceptable terms may have an adverse impact on the Group’s ability
to successfully develop new products, which in turn could adversely affect the Group’s business, its results of operations and
growth prospects.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024         31
Management Discussion and Analysis




If the Group’s employees, distributors or third-party promoters engage in corrupt practices or inappropriate promotion
of the Group’s products, the Group’s reputation could be harmed and the Group could be exposed to regulatory
investigations, costs and liabilities.


The Group does not fully control the interactions between its employees, distributors and third-party promoters with hospitals,
medical institutions and doctors, and they may try to increase sales volumes of the Group’s products through means that constitute
violations of the PRC anti-corruption, anti-bribery and other related laws. If the Group’s employees, distributors or third-party
promoters engage in corruption or other improper conduct that results in violation of applicable anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws in
the PRC or other jurisdictions, the Group’s reputation could be harmed and the Group could be exposed to regulatory investigations
and penalties, including being excluded from procurement by public hospitals and other public medical institutions in the PRC.


The Group may pursue collaborations, licensing arrangements, partnerships, joint ventures, strategic alliances,
acquisitions, or other strategic investments or arrangements, which may fail to produce anticipated benefits and may
adversely affect the Group’s business.


The Group continually pursues opportunities for acquisitions of products, assets or technologies, collaboration, licensing, joint
ventures, strategic alliances, or partnerships that the Group believes would be complementary to or promote its existing business.
Proposing, negotiating, implementing and executing on these opportunities may be a lengthy and complex process. Other
companies, including those with substantially greater financial, marketing, sales, technology, or other business resources, may
compete with the Group for these opportunities or arrangements. The Group may not be able to identify or complete any such
transactions or arrangements in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, on acceptable terms, or at all.


The Group has limited experience with respect to these business development activities. Management and integration of acquisition,
licensing arrangement, collaboration, joint venture or other strategic arrangement may disrupt the Group’s current operations,
decrease the Group’s profitability, result in significant expenses, or divert management resources that otherwise would be available
for the Group’s existing business. The Group may not realize the anticipated benefits of any such transaction or arrangement.


Furthermore, partners, collaborators or other parties to such transactions or arrangements may fail to fully perform their obligations
or meet the Group’s expectations or cooperate with the Group satisfactorily for various reasons, including risks or issues related to
their business and operations. There may be conflicts or other collaboration failures and inefficiencies between the Group and other
parties.


Such transactions or arrangements may also require actions, consents, approvals, waivers, participation or involvement of various
degrees from third parties, such as regulators, government authorities, creditors, licensors or licensees, related individuals, suppliers,
distributors, shareholders or other stakeholders or interested parties. The Group may not obtain the required or desired actions,
consent, approval, waiver, participation or involvement on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all.




32         3SBIO INC.
          Directors and Senior Management


DIRECTORS

Executive Directors

Dr. LOU Jing, aged 62, was appointed as a Director on 5 September 2006 and was re-designated as an executive Director on 27
November 2014. He was appointed as the chairman of the Board on 1 April 2012. Dr. Lou is also the chief executive officer and
president of the Company. He is responsible for the strategic development and planning, overall operational management and major
decision making of the Group. He is a co-founder of the Group and joined Shenyang Sunshine as a director of R&D in September
1995.


Dr. Lou also holds the following positions with other members of the Group:


1)      director and chairman of the board of Collected Mind Limited (集思有限公司, “Collected Mind”);


2)      director of Hongkong Sansheng Medical Limited (“Hongkong Sansheng”);


3)      director of Excel Partner Holdings Limited (特隆控股有限公司, “Excel Partner”);


4)      director of Ample Harvest Investments Limited (溢豐投資有限公司, “Ample Harvest”);


5)      director, chief executive officer and president of Shenyang Sunshine and chairman of the board of Shenyang Sunshine;


6)      director and chairman of the board of Taizhou Huan Sheng Consulting Management Company Limited (泰州環晟諮詢管理有
        限公司, “Taizhou Huan Sheng”);


7)      executive director of Shenzhen Baishitong Technology Development Company Limited (深圳市百士通科技開發有限公司,
        “Shenzhen Baishitong”);


8)      chairman of the board of Shenzhen Sciprogen Bio-pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Sciprogen”);


9)      chairman of the board of Guangdong Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (廣東三生製藥有限公司, “Guangdong Sunshine”);


10)     director and chairman of the board of Desen Biologics;


11)     director of Gains Prestige Limited (澤威有限公司, “Gains Prestige”);


12)     director of Strategic International Group Limited (“Strategic International”);


13)     director and chairman of the board of Sunshine Guojian;




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024       33
Directors and Senior Management




14)   director and chairman of the board of Shanghai Xingsheng Pharmaceutical Company Limited (“Xing Sheng”);


15)   executive director of Shanghai An Ran Biotech Co. Ltd.;


16)   executive director of Sunshine Guojian Pharmaceuticals (Suzhou) Co. Ltd.;


17)   director of Full Gain Pharmaceutical Limited;


18)   director of Shanghai National Engineering Research Center of Antibody Medicine Co. Ltd.;


19)   chairman of the board of Xinyisheng (Hainan) Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd.; and


20)   director of 3SBio (Hongkong) Limited.


Dr. Lou has been highly active in pharmaceutical research and has made substantial contribution to the Group’s R&D of
pharmaceutical products. Dr. Lou was the leading scientist and principal investigator in the Group’s successful development of
EPIAO and TPIAO. He co-invented a “preparation process for recombinant human thrombopoietin” and a “method for improving
the stability of polypeptides in human bodies and its application” in 2000 and 2001, respectively. He has published in a number
of academic journals on microbiology and medicinal biotechnology. His research has been recognized with various awards. In
2006, he was awarded the “First Prize of Shenyang Science and Technology Progress Award” (瀋陽市科學技術進步一等獎) for
his research on recombinant human thrombopoietin. In 2007, he was awarded the “Third Prize of Liaoning Province Scientific and
Technological Achievements” (遼寧省科技成果轉化三等獎) for his contribution to the industrialization of production of recombinant
human thrombopoietin. In 2017, he was awarded “Liaoning Province Outstanding Entrepreneur” and “Friendship Award of Liaoning
Province”. In 2022, he received the 15th “Tan Jia Zhen Life Sciences Award.” Dr. Lou obtained a Bachelor of Medicine degree
in clinical medicine from Shanghai Second Military Medical University in July 1985. He conducted post-doctoral research at the
National Institutes of Health of the U.S. after obtaining a Ph.D. degree in molecular and cell biology from Fordham University in the
U.S. in February 1994. He also obtained an Executive Master of Business Administration from China Europe International Business
School (中歐國際工商學院) in September 2008.


Ms. SU Dongmei, aged 55, was appointed as a Director on 11 June 2012 and was re-designated as an executive Director on
27 November 2014. Ms. Su is also the Company’s senior vice president and the general manager of Shenyang Sunshine. She is
responsible for strategic direction of the Group. Ms. Su joined Shenyang Sunshine as a scientist of the R&D department in January
1993, and served as a director of the R&D department from 1997 to 2006. She subsequently served as the chief technology officer
responsible for R&D and manufacturing process engineering of Shenyang Sunshine from 2006 to 2008. Ms. Su was promoted
to vice president of Shenyang Sunshine in April 2008. Ms. Su served as a director of Shenyang Sunshine from August 2007 to
June 2013, and was re-appointed on 18 July 2016. She also served as a director of Hongkong Sansheng from November 2009 to
November 2014.




34     3SBIO INC.
                                                                        Directors and Senior Management




Ms. Su also holds the following positions with other members of the Group:


(i)      senior vice president of Shenyang Sunshine;


(ii)     supervisor of Liaoning Sunshine Bio-Pharmaceutical Company Limited (遼寧三生醫藥有限公司);


(iii)    director of Sciprogen;


(iv)     director of Guangdong Sunshine;


(v)      director of Strategic International;


(vi)     executive director of Shenyang Jiasheng Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd. (瀋陽嘉生農業科技有限責任公司);


(vii)    director of Sunshine Guojian;


(viii)   executive director of Shanghai Bo Ai Ke Biotech Co. Ltd.;


(ix)     trustee of Shanghai Sunshine Guojian Biotech Research Institute; and


(x)      director of Desen Biologics.


Ms. Su obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Biochemistry from Jilin University (吉林大學) in July 1992 and a Master’s and a Doctorate
degree in Microbiology and Pharmacology from Shenyang Pharmaceutical University (瀋陽藥科大學) in June 2001 and July 2010,
respectively. She has published in a number of academic journals on microbiology and medicinal biotechnology.


Non-executive Director

Ms. ZHANG Jiaoe, aged 62, has been appointed as a non-executive Director on 25 June 2024. Ms. ZHANG has extensive
experience in the field of medicine and pharmaceuticals. She worked as a research assistant in the Military Medical Research
Institute of the Logistics Department of the Shenyang Military Region (瀋陽軍區後勤部軍事醫學研究所) from August 1987 to
December 1990. In January 1993, Ms. ZHANG joined Shenyang Sunshine and has held various positions within the Group ever
since. She served as a manager at Shenyang Sunshine from July 1993 to December 2001 and was appointed as the deputy factory
director and head of the foreign cooperation department in January 2002 and May 2011, respectively. In March 2016, Ms. ZHANG
became the assistant to the general manager of Shenyang Sunshine. She currently serves as the general manager of Liaoning
Sunshine Technology Development Co., Ltd. (遼寧三生科技發展有限公司). Currently, she is also a supervisor of each of Desen
Biologics and Sunshine Mandi.


Ms. ZHANG obtained a bachelor’s degree from the China Pharmaceutical University (中國藥科大學) in July 1987 and earned her
qualifications as a chief pharmacist from the Human Resources Security Department of Liaoning Province (遼寧省人力資源和社會保
障廳) in September 2010.


                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   35
Directors and Senior Management




Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. PU Tianruo, aged 57, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 23 May 2015, with such appointment
taking effect on 1 June 2015. Previously, he served as an independent Director and the audit committee chair of the Company from
1 September 2012 to 29 May 2013.

Mr. Pu has substantial experience in accounting and finance. He serves as an independent non-executive director of several
companies, including Autohome Inc. (NYSE: ATHM; HKEx stock code: 2518) since December 2016 and One Connect Financial
Technology (NYSE: OCFT; HKEx stock code: 6638) since December 2019. He has also served as an independent non-executive
director of AnPac Bio-Medical Science Co., Ltd. (formerly Nasdaq: FRES) since October 2022. He was previously the chief financial
officer of Zhaopin Ltd. (previously NYSE: ZPIN). Mr. Pu obtained a Bachelor’s degree in English Language from China Foreign Affairs
University (外交學院) in July 1991, a Master of Science degree in Accounting from the University of Illinois, College of Business
Administration in May 1996 and an MBA degree from Northwestern University Kellogg School of Management in the U.S. in June
2000.

Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi (楊凱蒂), aged 55, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 29 June 2021. Ms. Yang
has been the Global Managing Director, Asian and World Art at Christie’s Hong Kong Limited since January 2021 and had served as
a member of the Listing Committee of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKEx”) from July 2019 to July 2021. Prior
to joining Christie’s Hong Kong Limited, Ms. Yang had over 28 years of experience in the financial sector and had held the positions
of Managing Director and Head of Corporate Advisory Group, Asia Pacific at Deutsche Bank Asia Limited, Managing Director and
Head of Corporate Finance Group at UBS Investment Bank Asia, and Analyst, Associate and Vice President at Morgan Stanley Asia
Limited. Ms. Yang holds a Bachelor of Arts degree majoring in economics from Columbia University, New York.

Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry (黃祖耀), aged 60, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 21 January 2022. He
has substantial experience in corporate planning, business expansion and development as well as cross-border management,
particular in the investment management business in the Asian region. Mr. Ng has been an independent non-executive director of
AIA Company (Trustee) Limited, a subsidiary of AIA Group Limited (HKEx stock code: 1299), since August 2021, for its pension fund
business in Hong Kong. He had served as the Chief Executive Officer, Asia ex Japan of Baring Asset Management (Asia) Limited
(“Baring Asset Management”) up to December 2019, having been appointed as Managing Director of Baring Asset Management
in December 2004. During his time at Baring Asset Management, Mr. Ng managed and had oversight of different offices in the
Asian region including those in Shanghai, Hong Kong, Taipei and Seoul, and was responsible for the business management of a
substantial book of business in retail mutual funds and institutional client assets. Mr. Ng has also had ample and broad range of
experience working with key sovereign wealth funds, large institutions and regulators in the region. Prior to joining Baring Asset
Management, Mr. Ng was employed by JF Asset Management Limited (now JP Morgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited)
from May 1992 to November 2004. During this period, he held various positions including Head of Asian Institutional Clients and
Finance Director (JF Unit Trusts), and had focused on sales, business development and client servicing in the Asian region. Mr. Ng
had also worked at Price Waterhouse (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) in both London and Hong Kong from September 1986 to
April 1992 with his last role serving as an Audit Manager in the Hong Kong office.

Mr. Ng is a Senior Fellow of the Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute and has also previously held many respectable and
prestigious positions in different professional and regulatory bodies, including formerly being a Member of the Securities and Futures
Appeals Tribunal, the Chairman and Executive Committee Member of Hong Kong Investment Funds Association, a Panel Member
of the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Appeal Board, and a Member of Hong Kong Trade Development Council Financial
Services Advisory Committee.

Mr. Ng holds a Bachelor of Science degree (with first class honours) majoring in civil engineering from Imperial College, London. He is
also a Chartered Accountant (England and Wales) and Certified Public Accountant (Hong Kong).


36     3SBIO INC.
                                                                      Directors and Senior Management




SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The senior management of the Company comprises the executive Directors and the following persons:


Mr. HE Xiang (何翔), aged 41, has served as the chief financial officer of the Company since July 2023. Previously he worked at
Citigroup and J.P. Morgan investment banking in their Beijing, Shanghai, New York and Hong Kong offices for 15 years. During
his tenure at J.P. Morgan, he held different roles including the Head of Corporate Finance and the Head of Financial Institutions
for China. Mr. He graduated from the Guanghua School of Management of Peking University with a Master’s degree in Finance in
2008.


Ms. LIU Yanli (劉彥麗), aged 44, has served as a director and the general manager of Sunshine Guojian since September 2022
and September 2023, respectively. She was the secretary to the board of directors of Sunshine Guojian from June 2019 to January
2025. She was also the joint company secretary of the Company from April 2016 to October 2019, responsible for overseeing
capital market, corporate governance, legal and public relation matters of the Group. Ms. Liu has served as a director of Hongkong
Sansheng since November 2014. Ms. Liu first joined Shenyang Sunshine in January 2007. Ms. Liu obtained a Bachelor’s degree
in Biochemistry and a Master’s degree in Chemistry with Entrepreneurship from the University of Nottingham in July 2004 and
December 2006, respectively.


Mr. XU Yong (徐勇), aged 60, has served as the general manager and a director of Sciprogen since 2015. He is also a director
of Guangdong Sunshine and Gains Prestige. From March 2006 to December 2012, he served as a deputy general manager of
Liaoning Nuokang Pharmaceutical Limited (遼寧諾康醫藥股份有限公司). Before that, Mr. Xu served as the deputy general manager
of Beijing Zhongguan Venture Science and Technology Co., Ltd. (北京中關創業科技發展有限公司) from January 2002 to March
2006. From June 1995 to December 2001, he worked first as a deputy director and then as a director in the second general
department of Hebei Provincial Government General Office (河北省政府辦公廳綜合二處). Mr. Xu obtained a Bachelor’s degree in
Precision Machinery from Zhejiang University (浙江大學) in August 1988.


Mr. JIN Zheng (靳征), aged 44, has served as the general manager of Shenyang Sunshine since 2021, and has served as a director
of Shenyang Sunshine and Liaoning Sunshine since 2024. He served as an executive deputy general manager and R&D director of
Shenyang Sunshine from August 2019 to November 2021. Before that, he served as a project manager of Shenyang Sunshine from
March 2010 to March 2013, as a R&D manager of Shenyang Sunshine from March 2013 to March 2015, and as the R&D director
of Shenyang Sunshine from March 2015 to July 2019. Mr. Jin obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Biological Engineering from Shanghai
Jiao Tong University in July 2004. He obtained a Master’s degree in Applied Biotechnology in September 2005, and a Doctorate
degree in Pharmacy in July 2010, both from the University of Nottingham in the U.K..


Mr. YU An (于桉), aged 42, has served as the general manager and an executive director of Sunshine Mandi since 2021. He is also
the general manager and an executive director of Hangzhou Mandi Pharmacy Co., LTD and Sunshine Mandi (Hangzhou) Information
Technology Co., Ltd. He served as the general manager and an executive director of Hangzhou Mandi Hua Fa Clinic Co., LTD from
March 2023 to December 2024. He served as the sales director of the northern region of Sunshine Guojian from August 2017 to
June 2020. Prior to that, he worked at several foreign pharmaceutical companies, including Pfizer, Bayer, Roche and Janssen from
July 2007 to July 2017. Mr. Yu obtained a Master’s degree in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from Northwest University in July
2007.

                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024        37
Report of Directors

The Directors are pleased to present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the
Reporting Period.



CORPORATE INFORMATION

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 9 August 2006 as an exempted company with limited liability under the
laws of the Cayman Islands. The Company’s ordinary shares, par value of USD0.00001 each (the “Shares”) were listed on the Main
Board of the HKEx on 11 June 2015 (the “Listing Date”).



PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding and the Group is principally engaged in the development, production,
marketing and sale of biopharmaceutical products in the PRC. Analysis of the principal activities of the Group during the Reporting
Period is set out in the note 1 “CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION” to the consolidated financial statements.



RESULTS

The results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on page 88 of this annual
report.



FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board resolved to declare a final dividend of HKD25 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: HKD25
cents) to those shareholders whose names appeared on the register of members of the Company on Friday, 25 July 2025,
which will be paid out of the Company’s share premium account. Subject to the approval of shareholders of the Company at the
forthcoming annual general meeting (“AGM”), the final dividend will be paid in cash on or around Friday, 15 August 2025.



BUSINESS REVIEW

A review of the business of the Group, a discussion on the Group’s prospects and the principal risks and uncertainties and an
analysis of the Group’s performance during the Reporting Period using financial key performance indicators are provided in the
section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 9 to 32. In addition, discussions on the Group’s relationships with
its key stakeholders and compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group are located
respectively in the paragraph headed “Relationship with Stakeholders” and the paragraph headed “Compliance with Laws and
Regulations” on page 58 of this annual report.




38        3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                 Report of Directors




FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the Group’s results, assets and liabilities for the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial
statements and reclassified as appropriate, are set out on page 5 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the
audited consolidated financial statements.



MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

Major Customers


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales to its five largest customers accounted for approximately 14.0% (2023: 14.5%) of the
Group’s total revenue and the Group’s single largest customer accounted for approximately 3.8% (2023: 3.9%) of the Group’s total
revenue.


Major Suppliers


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 18.4% (2023: 39.7%) of the Group’s total
purchases and the Group’s single largest supplier accounted for approximately 4.6% (2023: 12.3%) of the Group’s total purchases.


During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or their close associates or the shareholders of the Company (which, to the best
knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any interest in the Group’s five
largest customers and suppliers.



PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Company and the Group during the Reporting Period are set out
in note 14 “PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT” to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.



SHARE CAPITAL

Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in note 34 “SHARE CAPITAL” to
the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024        39
Report of Directors




PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association (the “Articles of Association”) and
there are no statutory pre-emptive rights under the laws of the Cayman Islands, being the jurisdiction in which the Company was
incorporated, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.



EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

2015 Share Option Scheme


Details of the share option scheme adopted by the Company in 2015 are set out in the section headed “POST-IPO SHARE OPTION
SCHEME” in this Report of Directors.


2019 Share Award Scheme


Details of the share award scheme adopted by the Company in 2019 are set out in the section headed “SHARE AWARD SCHEME”
in this Report of Directors.


Except as disclosed above and in note 35 “SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME” to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report, the Company had not entered into any equity-linked agreements in 2024, nor did there subsist any equity-linked agreement
entered into by the Company as at 31 December 2024.



RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the Reporting Period are set out on pages 224 and 92
to 93 in the consolidated statement of changes in equity in this annual report.



DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

As at 31 December 2024, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the provisions of the
Companies Laws of Cayman Islands, amounted to approximately RMB2,652.7 million (as at 31 December 2023: RMB3,382.4
million).




40          3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                 Report of Directors




BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Company and the Group as at 31 December 2024 are set out in note 31
“INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS” to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.



DIRECTORS
The Directors of the Company during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report are:


Executive Directors:


Dr. LOU Jing (appointed on 5 September 2006) (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. SU Dongmei (appointed on 11 June 2012)


Non-executive Directors:


Ms. ZHANG Jiaoe (appointed on 25 June 2024)
Mr. HUANG Bin (retired on 25 June 2024)


Independent Non-executive Directors:


Mr. PU Tianruo (appointed on 1 June 2015)
Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi (appointed on 29 June 2021)
Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry (appointed on 21 January 2022)
Dr. ZHANG Dan (retired on 25 June 2024)




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   41
Report of Directors




In accordance with article 84(1) of the Articles of Association, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or if their number is not a
multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) will retire from office by rotation and will be eligible for re-election
and re-appointment at every AGM, provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three
years.


In accordance with article 83(3) of the Articles of Association, any Director appointed by the Board either to fill a casual vacancy
or as an addition to the Board will hold office until the first general meeting or the next following AGM of the Company after his/her
appointment.


Details of the Directors to be re-elected or any Director candidates to be elected, as applicable, at the AGM will be set out in the
circular to the shareholders of the Company prior to its upcoming AGM.



DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Company are set out on pages 33 to 37 of this annual report.



CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Rules Governing
the Listing of Securities on the HKEx (the “HKEx Listing Rules”). The Company considers all of the independent non-executive
Directors to be independent in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the HKEx Listing Rules.



DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Dr. LOU Jing, one of the executive Directors, has entered into a service contract with the Company for an initial term of three years
commencing from the date of his appointment and continue for a period of three years after or until the third AGM of the Company
since the Listing Date (whichever is earlier), which shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of three years until
terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the service contract or by either party giving to the other prior notice in
writing. Ms. SU Dongmei, the other executive Director, has entered into a service contract with the Company, which term has been
renewed until the date of the 2027 AGM8 of the Company (or, in case there is no AGM in such year, until 20 June 2027), unless
otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the service contract.




8
     In this annual report, the number preceding AGM refers to the calendar year in which the subject AGM is held. For example, 2027 AGM refers to the AGM that was held
     in the calendar year 2027.


42        3SBIO INC.
                                                                                              Report of Directors




Ms. ZHANG Jiaoe, the non-executive Director, entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term of three years
commencing from 25 June 2024, which may be terminated in accordance with the terms of the appointment letter.


Mr. PU Tianruo, one of the independent non-executive Directors, entered into an appointment letter with the Company on 23 May
2015. The appointment under the aforementioned letter had been automatically renewed and extended until the date of the 2025
AGM of the Company, which is expected to be automatically renewed for a further three years, unless otherwise terminated in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the appointment letter. Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi, one of the independent non-executive
Directors, entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term of three years commencing from the date of the 2021
AGM, which has been automatically renewed and extended until the date of the 2027 AGM of the Company, unless otherwise
terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the appointment letter. Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry, the other independent
non-executive Director, entered into a letter of appointment with the Company on 21 January 2022. His term of appointment has
been extended until 20 January 2026, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the appointment
letter.


Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has a service contract which is not determinable by the Group within one year
without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


The Directors’ service contracts and appointment letters may be renewed from time to time, and their terms of appointment are
subject to re-election and retirement as and when required by the Articles of Association.



DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Other than those transactions disclosed in note 41 “RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS” to the consolidated financial statements
and in the section “Connected Transactions” below, no Director had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any
transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, or any of its
subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024       43
Report of Directors




CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS

Save as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the year had the Company or any of its subsidiaries entered into any
contract of significance with the controlling shareholder (as defined in the HKEx Listing Rules) or any of its subsidiaries, nor had
any contract of significance been entered into for the services provided by the controlling shareholder of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries to the Company or any of its subsidiaries.



MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company
were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.



EMOLUMENT POLICY

A remuneration committee was set up for reviewing the Group’s emolument policy and structure for all remuneration of the Directors
and senior management of the Group, having regard to the Group’s operating results, individual performance of the Directors and
senior management and comparable market practices.


Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals for the Reporting Period are set out in note 8 “DIRECTORS’
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION” and note 9 “FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES” to the consolidated financial
statements in this annual report.



RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SCHEME

Details of the retirement and employee benefits scheme of the Company are set out in note 10 “PENSION SCHEME” and note 33
“RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS” to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.



CHANGE TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS

Save as disclosed in the section headed “DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT” in this annual report, there was no change to
any of the information required to be disclosed in relation to any Director pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of Rule 13.51(2) of
the HKEx Listing Rules for the Reporting Period.




44      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                                              Report of Directors




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executives of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”) which had been notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8
of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions
of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified
to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the HKEx Listing Rules were as follows:


(i)   Interests in the Company

                                                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                                                  Number of          percentage of all
           Name                                Position                        Nature of Interest                                Shares held         Shares in Issue(1)


           LOU Jing(2) (婁競)                    Executive Director              Beneficial owner                                      751,553(L)                 0.03%
                                                                                                                                               (L)
                                                                               Beneficiary of a trust                             56,156,895                    2.34%
                                                                               Other                                            476,774,553(L)                 19.90%
                                                                                                                        Total: 533,683,001(L)                 22.28%*


           SU Dongmei(3) (蘇冬梅)                 Executive Director              Interest in controlled corporation                 24,384,630(L)                 1.02%
                                                                               Beneficial owner                                      440,000(L)                 0.02%
                                                                                                                                               (L)
                                                                                                                           Total: 24,824,630                    1.04%


           ZHANG Jiaoe(4) (張皎娥)                Non-executive Director          Beneficial owner                                   12,978,639(L)                 0.54%


      Notes:


      (L):      denotes long position


      *:        Figures shown as total may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures being added up due to rounding adjustment.


      (1)       The calculation is based on the total number of 2,395,573,912 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2024.


      (2)       Dr. LOU Jing was granted 440,000 share options by the Company, representing 440,000 Shares upon full exercise. Dr. LOU Jing was a beneficiary under
                three unnamed trusts which were interested in 41,746,000 Shares, 9,410,895 Shares and 5,000,000 Shares respectively. Further, Dr. LOU Jing was an
                enforcer and a beneficiary of an unnamed discretionary trust which was interested in 476,774,553 Shares. Therefore, Dr. LOU Jing was deemed to be
                interested in all such Shares as discussed in the foregoing.


      (3)       Ms. SU Dongmei directly holds the entire issued share capital of Joint Palace Group Limited (“JPG”) and therefore, was deemed to be interested in the same
                number of the Shares in which JPG was interested (i.e. 24,384,630 Shares); and, Ms. SU Dongmei was granted 440,000 share options by the Company,
                representing 440,000 Shares upon full exercise.


      (4)       80,000 share options, representing 80,000 Shares upon full exercise, were granted by the Company to a trust and held for the benefit of Ms. ZHANG.




                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024                45
Report of Directors




(ii)   Interests in Associated Corporations


                                                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                                                                          Percentage of
                                                                                                                                                            Outstanding
                                                                                                                                                       Share Capital of
                                                                Associated                                                        Number of              the Associated
         Name                            Position               Corporation               Nature of Interest                       Securities             Corporation(1)


         LOU Jing (婁競)                   Executive Director     Sunshine Guojian          Interest in controlled                  25,160,657(L)(1)                 4.54%(1)
                                                                                            corporation


         SU Dongmei (蘇冬梅)                Executive Director     Sunshine Guojian          Others(2)                                   200,000(L)(2)                0.04%(2)


       Notes:


       (L):     denotes long position.


       (1)      The shares were allotted by Sunshine Guojian to Achieve Well International Limited, a company wholly-owned by Dr. LOU Jing, under the ESOP of Sunshine
                Guojian, for purposes of holding the awarded shares granted to Dr. LOU Jing. Upon completion of the offering of Sunshine Guojian on the Shanghai Stock
                Exchange on 22 July 2020 (“Guojian Offering”), the approximate percentage of Dr. LOU Jing’s interest in the share capital of Sunshine Guojian was diluted
                to 4.08%. The change did not trigger a disclosure obligation under the SFO and therefore the information shown in the table as of 31 December 2024
                reflects Dr. LOU Jing’s interests position as required to be disclosed under the SFO.


       (2)      An ultimate beneficial owner of an interest in a fund (the “Fund”) that is used for holding shares awarded under the ESOP of Sunshine Guojian, which directly
                holds the awarded shares for the ultimate benefit of Ms. SU Dongmei, being one of the grantees of the awarded shares that have been allotted to the Fund
                by Sunshine Guojian. Upon completion of the Guojian Offering, the approximate percentage of Ms. SU Dongmei’s interest in the share capital of Sunshine
                Guojian was diluted from 0.036% to 0.032%. The change did not trigger a disclosure obligation under the SFO and therefore the information shown in the
                table as of 31 December 2024 reflects Ms. SU Dongmei’s interests position as required to be disclosed under the SFO.



Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, none of the Directors or the chief executives of the Company had or was
deemed to have any interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that was required to be notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant
to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have taken
under such provisions of the SFO), or required to be recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as
otherwise notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to the Model Code.




46       3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                                              Report of Directors




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 31 December 2024, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executives
of the Company), had interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register of
interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                                         Number of             percentage of all
  Name of Shareholder                                       Nature of Interest                                         Shares held             Shares in Issue(1)


  Decade Sunshine Limited (“DSL”)(2)                        Beneficial owner                                           476,774,553(L)                        19.90%
                                              (2)                                                                                       (L)
  Century Sunshine Limited (“CSL”)                          Interest in a controlled corporation                       476,774,553                           19.90%
  XING Lily(3)                                              Interest in a controlled corporation(2)                    476,774,553(L)                        19.90%
                                                                                   (3)                                                  (L)
                                                            Interest of spouse                                           51,648,448                          2.16%
                                                                                                                                        (L)
                                                                                                                 Total: 528,423,001                          22.06%


  Lambda International Limited(2)                           Interest in a controlled corporation                       476,774,553(L)                        19.90%
                           (4)                                                                                                          (L)
  TMF (Cayman) Ltd.                                         Trustee                                                    576,522,428                           24.07%
                                                                                                                                        (L)
  BlackRock, Inc.                                           Interest in a controlled corporation                       195,593,604                           8.16%


Notes:


(L):     denotes long position


(1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 2,395,573,912 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2024.


(2)      DSL was wholly-owned by CSL and therefore CSL was deemed to be interested in 476,774,553 Shares held by DSL; further, 42.52% and 35.65% of CSL were
         respectively controlled by Ms. XING Lily and Lambda International Limited, who were therefore deemed to be interested in such 476,774,553 Shares.


(3)      Ms. XING Lily’s spouse is Dr. LOU Jing.


(4)      TMF (Cayman) Ltd. was the trustee with respect to four unnamed trusts, which respectively were interested in 476,774,553, 51,156,895, 16,486,000, and
         32,104,980 Shares, as disclosed under the SFO, and therefore TMF (Cayman) Ltd. was deemed to be interested in all such Shares.



Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, the Directors and the chief executives of the Company were not aware of any
other person (other than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the shares or
underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the
SFO.




                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024            47
Report of Directors




DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Other than disclosed under the heading “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares
and Debentures”, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company or any of its subsidiaries or holding company or any
subsidiary of the Company’s holding company a party to any arrangement that would enable the Directors to acquire benefits by
means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none of the Directors or any of
their spouses or children under the age of 18 were granted any right to subscribe for the equity or debt securities of the Company
or any other body corporate or had exercised any such right.



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

During the Reporting Period, the Company had conducted on-market repurchases of a total of 43,346,500 Shares on the HKEx at
an aggregate cash consideration of HKD266,284,340 (excluding expenses). All such Shares repurchased by the Company during
the Reporting Period had been cancelled by the Company.


The financial position of the Company is solid and healthy. The share repurchases reflect the confidence of the Company in its
business development and the long-term prospects of the industry. The Board believes that the share repurchases are in the
interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.




48     3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                   Report of Directors




Details of shares repurchased during the Reporting Period are set out as follows:


                                                 Number of
                                        Shares purchased                      Price paid per Share                     Aggregate
 Date of repurchases                           on the HKEx                 Highest                 Lowest     consideration paid


 27 March 2024                                    1,000,000                HKD5.75                HKD5.72           HKD5,744,020
 28 March 2024                                    1,000,000                HKD6.05                HKD5.98           HKD6,012,035
 02 April 2024                                    1,164,500                HKD6.09                HKD5.86           HKD7,049,375
 03 April 2024                                      600,000                HKD6.10                HKD6.08           HKD3,651,565
 08 April 2024                                      721,500                HKD6.00                HKD5.95           HKD4,313,410
 10 April 2024                                    1,081,500                HKD6.19                HKD6.03           HKD6,613,445
 11 April 2024                                    2,800,500                HKD6.04                HKD5.92         HKD16,749,725
 12 April 2024                                    1,746,000                HKD5.98                HKD5.93         HKD10,388,835
 15 April 2024                                    2,649,500                HKD5.93                HKD5.83         HKD15,598,385
 16 April 2024                                    3,537,000                HKD5.84                HKD5.58         HKD20,315,170
 22 April 2024                                      150,000                HKD5.60                HKD5.58             HKD838,900
 13 May 2024                                        600,000                HKD6.65                HKD6.65           HKD3,990,000
 16 May 2024                                        409,000                HKD6.44                HKD6.42           HKD2,629,780
 29 May 2024                                        702,500                HKD6.23                HKD6.21           HKD4,369,525
 03 June 2024                                       735,500                HKD6.29                HKD6.16           HKD4,607,680
 04 June 2024                                       730,000                HKD6.41                HKD6.33           HKD4,651,215
 05 June 2024                                       500,000                HKD6.44                HKD6.36           HKD3,199,400
 07 June 2024                                     1,183,000                HKD6.31                HKD6.28           HKD7,459,570
 11 June 2024                                       809,000                HKD6.16                HKD6.10           HKD4,971,380
 13 June 2024                                       600,000                HKD6.32                HKD6.30           HKD3,787,630
 14 June 2024                                       500,000                HKD6.33                HKD6.30           HKD3,159,000
 17 June 2024                                       971,000                HKD6.28                HKD6.14           HKD6,051,400
 18 June 2024                                       379,500                HKD6.27                HKD6.20           HKD2,362,160
 20 June 2024                                     1,660,000                HKD6.17                HKD6.09         HKD10,172,370
 21 June 2024                                       250,000                HKD6.10                HKD6.08           HKD1,522,000
 24 June 2024                                     1,257,000                HKD6.00                HKD5.88           HKD7,469,530
 25 June 2024                                     1,707,500                HKD6.04                HKD5.97         HKD10,251,275
 26 June 2024                                     1,560,500                HKD6.31                HKD6.17           HKD9,772,075
 27 June 2024                                     3,281,500                HKD6.30                HKD6.20         HKD20,561,730
 28 June 2024                                     9,060,000                HKD6.44                HKD6.19         HKD58,021,755


 Total:                                          43,346,500                                                      HKD266,284,340


Save for the aforesaid on-market repurchases of Shares, there was no purchase, sale or redemption of any listed securities (including
sale of treasury shares (as defined under the HKEx Listing Rules)) of the Company by the Company or any of its subsidiaries during
the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024        49
Report of Directors




POST-IPO SHARE OPTION SCHEME

Pursuant to a written resolution passed by the then sole shareholder of the Company on 23 May 2015, the Company adopted a
share option scheme pursuant to Chapter 17 of the HKEx Listing Rules (the “3SBio Option Scheme”). The details of the 3SBio
Option Scheme were disclosed in the Company’s prospectus dated 1 June 2015 in the section headed “Statutory and General
Information — 5. Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” in Appendix IV. Under the 3SBio Option Scheme, the Company was authorised
to issue up to 242,439,857 ordinary shares of the Company (subject to possible adjustments), which represented approximately
10.11% of the issued Shares as at the date of this report. The total number of options available for grant under the scheme mandate
of the 3SBio Option Scheme as at 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024 were 225,953,857 and 225,953,857, respectively. The
number of Shares that may be issued in respect of awards granted under the 3SBio Option Scheme during the Reporting Period
divided by the weighted average number of the Shares in issue for the Reporting Period was 0. The total number of Shares available
for issue under the 3SBio Option Scheme is 226,913,857, and the percentage of the issued Shares (excluding treasury Shares) that
it represents as at the date of the annual report is approximately 10.11%. The purpose of the 3SBio Option Scheme is to provide
selected participants with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company and to encourage selected participants to
work towards enhancing the value of the Company and its Shares for the benefit of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


Eligible participants include any Directors and employees of any member of the Group (including nominees and/or trustees of any
employee benefit trusts established for them) and any advisors, consultants, distributors, contractors, customers, suppliers, agents,
business partners, joint venture business partners, service providers of any member of the Group who the Board considers, in its
sole discretion, have contributed or will contribute to the Group).


Unless approved by the shareholders of the Company in accordance with the terms of the 3SBio Option Scheme, the total number
of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted and to be granted under the 3SBio Option Scheme and
any other share option scheme(s) of the Company to each selected participant (including both exercised and outstanding options)
in any 12 month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue. An option may be exercised in accordance with
the terms of the 3SBio Option Scheme at any time during a period to be determined and notified by the Directors to each grantee,
which period may commence on a day after the date upon which the offer for the grant of options is made but shall end in any event
not later than 10 years from the date of grant of the option subject to the provisions for early termination under the 3SBio Option
Scheme. A nominal consideration of RMB1.00 is payable upon acceptance of the grant of an option. For details, please refer to
Appendix IV to the Company’s prospectus dated 1 June 2015.


The Scheme has a remaining term of approximately 1 month as at the date of this report. On 28 June 2016, the Company amended
the 3SBio Option Scheme to include nominees and/or trustees of employee benefit trusts set up for the employees of the members
of the Group as participants eligible to participate in the 3SBio Option Scheme.




50      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                                                              Report of Directors




The following outstanding share options were granted to the following Directors under the 3SBio Option Scheme as of 31 December
2024:


                                                   NUMBER OF SHARE OPTIONS
                                                                                                                                                                            THE WEIGHTED
                                                                                                                                                                   PRICE         AVERAGE
                                                                                                                                                                  OF THE CLOSING PRICE OF
                                                                                                                                                              COMPANY’S THE COMPANY’S
                                                                                                                                                          LISTED SHARES    LISTED SHARES
                                                                                                                                              EXERCISE      IMMEDIATELY      IMMEDIATELY
                                                                                                                                                  PRICE      BEFORE THE       BEFORE THE
                                                                FORFEITED/                                   DATE OF          EXERCISE        OF SHARE       GRANT DATE         EXERCISE
                            AS AT       GRANTED     EXERCISED   CANCELLED        LAPSED         AS AT          GRANT            PERIOD         OPTIONS        OF OPTIONS            DATES
     NAME OF           1 JANUARY         DURING        DURING      DURING       DURING    31 December       OF SHARE          OF SHARE        (HKD PER          (HKD PER         (HKD PER
     DIRECTOR                2024     THE PERIOD   THE PERIOD   THE PERIOD   THE PERIOD          2024        OPTIONS           OPTIONS          SHARE)            SHARE)           SHARE)


     LOU Jing               440,000            –            –            0            0       440,000   2 February 2017     From 2 August          7.62            7.37                 –
                                                                                                                                  2018 to
                                                                                                                          2 February 2027**


     SU Dongmei*            440,000            –            –            0            0       440,000   2 February 2017     From 2 August          7.62            7.37                 –
                                                                                                                                  2018 to
                                                                                                                          2 February 2027**


     ZHANG Jiaoe*            80,000            –            –            0            0        80,000   2 February 2017     From 2 August          7.62            7.37                 –
                                                                                                                                  2018 to
                                                                                                                          2 February 2027**


*           The outstanding share options were held by The Empire Trust, a trust established by the Company for beneficiaries who are employees of the Company and its
            subsidiaries and affiliates, and any other persons as nominated from time to time by the advisory committee of The Empire Trust that is established with the authority
            of the Board.


**          Share options granted are subject to vesting conditions with vesting periods ended 2 August 2018, 2 February 2020 and 2 August 2021, respectively.




                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024                 51
Report of Directors




The following outstanding share options were granted to employee participants# of the Group (apart from Directors) as of 31
December 2024:


                                   NUMBER OF SHARE OPTIONS
                                                                                                                                                                      THE WEIGHTED
                                                                                                                                                             PRICE         AVERAGE
                                                                                                                                                            OF THE CLOSING PRICE OF
                                                                                                                                                        COMPANY’S THE COMPANY’S
                                                                                                                                                    LISTED SHARES    LISTED SHARES
                                                                                                                                        EXERCISE      IMMEDIATELY      IMMEDIATELY
                                                                                                                                            PRICE      BEFORE THE       BEFORE THE
                                                   FORFEITED/                                          DATE OF          EXERCISE        OF SHARE       GRANT DATE         EXERCISE
           AS AT       GRANTED       EXERCISED     CANCELLED          LAPSED           AS AT             GRANT            PERIOD         OPTIONS        OF OPTIONS            DATES
      1 JANUARY         DURING          DURING        DURING         DURING      31 December          OF SHARE          OF SHARE        (HKD PER          (HKD PER         (HKD PER
            2024     THE PERIOD     THE PERIOD     THE PERIOD     THE PERIOD            2024           OPTIONS           OPTIONS          SHARE)            SHARE)           SHARE)


       15,606,000*            –              0               0             0        15,526,000*** 2 February 2017     From 2 August          7.62            7.37                 –
                                                                                                                            2018 to
                                                                                                                    2 February 2027**


*       The outstanding share options were held by The Empire Trust, a trust established by the Company for beneficiaries who are employees of the Company and its
        subsidiaries and affiliates, and any other persons as nominated from time to time by the advisory committee of The Empire Trust that is established with the authority
        of the Board.


**      Share options granted are subject to vesting conditions with vesting periods ended 2 August 2018, 2 February 2020 and 2 August 2021, respectively.


#
        Employee participants include employees of any member of the Group (apart from Directors).


***     As Ms. ZHANG Jiaoe has been appointed as a Director of the Company on 25 June 2024, 80,000 share options granted to her was no longer counted in the
        employee participants category as at 31 December 2024.



All of the above grants were made prior to the amendment to Chapter 17 of the HKEx Listing Rules and none of the grants of
options to any participant is in excess of the 1% individual limit.


Please refer to Note 35 “SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME” to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report for the
accounting policy adopted for share options.




52        3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                   Report of Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEME

The Company adopted the 2019 Share Award Scheme to recognise the contributions by selected participants and to motivate
and give incentives thereto in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group; to attract suitable
personnel for further development of the Group; and to provide selected participants with a direct economic interest in attaining a
long-term relationship between the Group and the selected participants.


The 2019 Share Award Scheme was initially adopted by the Board on 16 July 2019 (the “Adoption Date”), with subsequent
amendments thereafter. To provide more flexibility to the Company to operate an effective and efficient incentive plan with reference
to market practices and for the purpose of the Trust’s Acquisition as further elaborated in the section headed “CONNECTED
TRANSACTIONS — Connected transaction in relation to the Trust’s Acquisition and the Share Buy-back” of the Company’s 2022
annual report, the Board has resolved to amend the terms of the 2019 Share Award Scheme on 12 December 2021 to allow the
purchase or subscription of the Shares purchased or subscribed by the trustee appointed in relation to the 2019 Share Award
Scheme and reserved for award(s) as may be granted in future to selected participants. On the same date, the Company entered
into a trust deed with Tricor Trust (Hong Kong) Limited and appointed Tricor Trust (Hong Kong) Limited as trustee (the “Trustee”)
to assist with the administration of the 2019 Share Award Scheme pursuant to the 2019 Share Award Scheme. Save for the
aforementioned and other incidental changes, no other substantive changes have been made to the 2019 Share Award Scheme
and all other terms of the 2019 Share Award Scheme remain effective.


The 2019 Share Award Scheme allows Shares to be awarded to any director and employee of any member of the Group (including
nominee and/or trustee of any employee benefit trust established for them) who the Board considers, in its sole discretion, has
contributed or will contribute to the Group. The Board has the power, at its absolute discretion and based on such factors and
circumstances as it considers relevant and appropriate, to determine the terms and conditions in respect of each award, including
but not limited to the vesting date and other vesting conditions, which shall be set out in the award letter to be issued by the
Company to the relevant selected participant. Such Shares will be issued or acquired by the trustee through on-market transaction
at the cost of the Company.


Under the 2019 Share Award Scheme, (i) as at 1 January 2024 there were 40,357,688 existing Shares and a maximum of
487,784,082 new Shares available for grant under the general mandate granted by the shareholders at the AGM held on 20 June
2023, which represented approximately 1.68% and 20.34% of the total issued Shares as at the date of this report; and (ii) as at
31 December 2024, no new Shares were available for grant of awards. As at the date of this annual report, no new Shares were
available for grant of awards. The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of awards granted under the 2019 Share Award
Scheme during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of the Shares in issue for the Reporting Period was
approximately 1.67%.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024        53
Report of Directors




Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the terms of the 2019 Share Award Scheme, or
unless the Board by resolutions, resolve otherwise, the 2019 Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of ten
years commencing on the Adoption Date, and has a remaining term of approximately 4 years as at the date of this report.


Further details of the 2019 Share Award Scheme are set out in Note 35 “SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME” to the consolidated financial
statements in this annual report.


As at 31 December 2024, details of the awarded shares granted under the 2019 Share Award Scheme of the Company were as
follows:


                                                                                        NUMBER OF AWARDED SHARES
                                                                                                                                                                  CLOSING
                                                                                                                                                                     PRICE
                                                                                                                                                             IMMEDIATELY
                                                                                                                                                                   BEFORE
                                                                                                                                                              THE DATE OF
 SHARE                                                  NUMBER OF          AS AT    AWARDED          VESTED       LAPSED         AS AT                             AWARD
 AWARDS                          DATE OF                 AWARDED      1 JANUARY       DURING        DURING       DURING    31 December VESTING                   (HKD PER
 HOLDERS                         AWARD                     SHARES           2024   THE PERIOD    THE PERIOD   THE PERIOD          2024 PERIOD                       SHARE)


 Employee                        16 July 2019(1)          9,885,448           —             —            —            —              — March 2020 to March           13.88
                                                                                                                                          2023(3)
                                 7 September 2020(2)     10,000,000           —             —            —            —              — NA(4)                          8.98
                                 23 September 2024(6)    34,107,688           —     34,107,688           —            —      34,107,688 23 September 2024             5.70
                                                                                                                                          to 23 September
                                                                                                                                          2027(3)
 Director of the Company/
     Director/general manager of
     subsidiaries of the Company
 Director of the Company         23 September 2024(6)     5,000,000           —      5,000,000           —            —       5,000,000 23 September 2024             5.70
     – Dr. LOU Jing                                                                                                                       to 23 September
                                                                                                                                          2027(3)
 Director of a subsidiary of the 23 September 2024(6)      650,000            —        650,000           —            —         650,000 23 September 2024             5.70
     Company                                                                                                                              to 23 September
     – Mr. YU An                                                                                                                          2027(3)
 General manager of a subsidiary 23 September 2024(6)      600,000            —        600,000           —            —         600,000 23 September 2024             5.70
     of the Company                                                                                                                       to 23 September
     – Mr. JIN Zheng                                                                                                                      2027(3)


 Total                                                   60,243,136           —     40,357,688           —            —      40,357,688




54          3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                                               Report of Directors




Notes:


(1)      On 16 July 2019, the Board resolved to grant a maximum of 10,000,000 awarded Shares to 37 independent employees of the Group, pursuant to the terms of the
         2019 Share Award Scheme, in order to recognize the contributions of the independent employees to the Group. For details, please refer to the announcement of the
         Company dated 17 July 2019 and Note 35 “SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME” to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


(2)      On 7 September 2020, the Board resolved to conditionally grant 10,000,000 new awarded Shares to Dr. ZHU Zhenping of which 5,000,000 awarded Shares and
         2,250,000 awarded Shares have so far been issued and allotted to Dr. ZHU Zhenping on 14 April 2021 and 8 March 2022, respectively. For details, please refer to
         the announcement of the Company dated 8 September 2020 and the circular of the Company dated 16 October 2020.


(3)      These awarded Shares are subject to vesting conditions involving financial targets and vesting periods.


(4)      These awarded Shares are not subject to any vesting condition or vesting period.


(5)      All of the above grants were made prior to the amendments to Chapter 17 of the HKEx Listing Rules taking effect.


(6)      On 23 September 2024, the Board resolved to grant 34,107,688, 5,000,000, 650,000 and 600,000 awarded Shares to 267 independent employees of the Group,
         Dr. LOU Jing, a director of a subsidiary of the Company, Mr. YU An, and the general manager of a subsidiary of the Company, Mr. JIN Zheng, respectively, pursuant
         to the terms of the 2019 Share Award Scheme, with the purpose of the 2019 Share Award Scheme as a recognition and reward of the grantees’ contributions to
         the Company’s continuing operation and development. For details of such grant and vesting terms, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 23
         September 2024 and Note 35 “SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME” to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Connected transaction in relation to the grant of share awards to connected persons of the Company
pursuant to the 2019 Share Award Scheme


On 23 September 2024, an aggregate of 6,250,000 Shares were granted as share awards under the 2019 Share Award Scheme
at nil consideration to (i) Dr. LOU Jing, who is a Director (ii) Mr. YU An, who is a director of a subsidiary of the Company; and (iii) Mr.
JIN Zheng, who is a general manager of a subsidiary of the Company and hence connected persons of the Company and therefore
constituted a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the HKEx Listing Rules.


As the highest applicable percentage ratio of such grants is more than 0.1% but less than 5%, such grant is subject to the reporting
and the announcement requirements but is exempted from the circular and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under
Chapter 14A of the HKEx Listing Rules.


The grant of share awards aligned with the purpose of the 2019 Share Award Scheme as a recognition and reward of the grantees’
contributions to the Company’s continuing operation and development.


For further details of such grant and the vesting terms, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 23 September
2024 and the Corporate Governance Report.




                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024               55
Report of Directors




Connected transaction in relation to the Facility Agreement with Medical Recovery

On 17 July 2018, Strategic International, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a facility agreement (the
“Facility Agreement”) with Medical Recovery Limited (“Medical Recovery”), one of the controlling shareholders of the Company.
Pursuant to the Facility Agreement, Strategic International agreed to provide a loan (the “Loan”) to Medical Recovery in the principal
amount of USD30,000,000 with an interest rate of 4% per annum. In connection with the Facility Agreement, a debenture was
also made between Medical Recovery as chargor and Strategic International as chargee, pursuant to which all assets of Medical
Recovery were charged to Strategic International. The Facility Agreement was subject to a final maturity date (the “Maturity
Date”) of 12 months after the date of the Facility Agreement or an extended date as agreed by Strategic International and Medical
Recovery. As announced on 17 July 2023, Strategic International and Medical Recovery agreed to further extend the Maturity Date
to 17 July 2026 (the “Latest Extension”).


As at 17 July 2023, being the date on which the Company announced the Latest Extension, Medical Recovery directly held
approximately 1.39% of the then issued share capital of the Company, and was an associate of connected persons of the Company
for purposes of the HKEx Listing Rules as it was controlled by Dr. LOU Jing, Ms. SU Dongmei and Mr. HUANG Bin, then directors of
the Company. Therefore, the Loan and its subsequent extensions including the Latest Extension constituted connected transactions
of the Company under Chapter 14A of the HKEx Listing Rules. As the highest applicable percentage ratio in respect of the Facility
Agreement and the subsequent extensions of the Loan including the Latest Extension in aggregate pursuant to Rule 14A.81 of
the HKEx Listing Rules was more than 0.1% but less than 5%, the Latest Extension and the transaction contemplated thereunder
were subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but were exempt from the independent Shareholders’ approval
requirements under the HKEx Listing Rules.


The purpose of the Loan is for Medical Recovery to purchase the issued ordinary shares of the Company for employee retention
and incentives purposes. The Company considered it an effective and efficient way to motivate and incentivize its employees,
which is beneficial to the sustainable development of the Group. Additionally, the Board considered that the Group had surplus
cash resources and the entering into of the Facility Agreement can put such resources to more efficient use and to generate better
returns.


For further details of the Facility Agreement and the subsequent extensions of the Loan including the Latest Extension, please refer
to the announcements of the Company dated 17 July 2018, 17 July 2019, 17 July 2020, 18 July 2021 and 17 July 2023.


Note 41 to the Consolidated Financial Statements

In respect of the Company’s related party transactions disclosed in Note 41 to the consolidated financial statements prepared
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, to the extent that they constitute connected transactions of the
Company for the purpose of the HKEx Listing Rules that apply to them, the Company confirms that it has complied with the relevant
requirements under the HKEx Listing Rules (if applicable).


Save as disclosed above, the related party transactions of the Company set out in Note 41 to the consolidated financial statements
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards do not constitute connected transactions of the Company
under the HKEx Listing Rules.


56         3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                     Report of Directors




DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

Save as disclosed in this annual report, as at 31 December 2024, none of the Directors or their respective associates had engaged
in or had any interest in any business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the
Group.



DONATIONS

The Group supports various medical charity projects. The donation made by the Group for the Reporting Period was approximately
RMB25.2 million. Please refer to Section 7.2 “Enhancing Accessibility to Medicines and Medical Services” in the Company’s “2024
Environmental, Social and Governance Report” (“ESG Report”) as released on the same date as this annual report.



SIGNIFICANT LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

For the Reporting Period, the Company was not engaged in any litigation or arbitration of material importance and no litigation or
claim of material importance is known to the Directors to be pending or threatened against the Company.



ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

The Group is subject to national and local environmental laws and regulations of the PRC. The Group has established detailed
internal rules regarding environmental protection. The Group tests effluent water to ensure compliance with national emission
standards. Solid waste is sorted for proper disposal. Hazardous waste is sent to qualified third parties for treatment. When a new
construction project is proposed, the Group conducts comprehensive analysis and testing on the environmental issues involved in
the manufacturing processes. The Group’s production team and in-house legal department are primarily responsible for ensuring
compliance with applicable environmental rules and regulations. All of the Group’s properties, plants and equipment meet the
standards required for compliance with applicable environmental rules and regulations, and the Group believes it has maintained a
good relationship with the communities surrounding the Group’s production facilities.


To the best knowledge of the Group, during the Reporting Period, there were no material breaches of national and local
environmental laws and regulations of the PRC.


The ESG Report of the Group is published on the same date as this annual report, respectively on the websites of the HKEx
(www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.3sbio.com) under the section “Investor Relations”.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024         57
Report of Directors




RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS

The Group recognizes that various stakeholders including employees, medical experts, distributors, suppliers and other business
associates are key to Group’s success. The Group strives to achieve corporate sustainability through engaging, collaborating, and
cultivating strong relationship with them.


The Group believes that it is vital to attract, recruit and retain quality employees. To maintain the quality, knowledge and skill levels
of Group’s workforce, the Group provides the employees with periodic training, including introductory training for new employees,
technical training, professional and management training, and health and safety training. The Group believes that it maintains a good
relationship with its employees and the Group did not experience any significant labour disputes or any difficulty in recruiting staff for
its operations.


The Group conducts marketing activities in a rigorous academic framework. The Group provides medical experts with scientific
information on innovative drugs and helps them make independent comparisons among competing products in the market. The
Group also maintains long-term cooperative relationships with national academic associations, such as the Chinese Society of
Nephrology (中華腎臟病學會) and the Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (中國臨床腫瘤學會). The Group believes that its
marketing activities help to raise Group’s profile, enhance awareness of Group’s products in the medical community and among
patients, and will enable the innovative drugs to better demonstrate their clinical value.


A significant amount of Group’s sales is attributable to a limited number of distributors. The Group selects the distributors based on
their qualifications, reputation, market coverage and sales experience. The Group generally has long term business relationship with
its large distributors.


The Group values long-term technological cooperation with suppliers and has entered into long-term supply agreements with key
suppliers, so as to secure the production stability of the Group. The Group strictly manages the quality of supplier products and
comprehensively manages the social and environmental risks associated with suppliers through measures such as diversified
management, daily monitoring and communication, training, green procurement, and assessment and auditing.



COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The Group recognises the importance of compliance with laws and regulatory requirements. The Group has been allocating
corporate and staff resources to ensure ongoing compliance with rules and regulations, including retaining external counsels and
advisors. During the Reporting Period, the Group has complied, to the best of its knowledge, with all relevant rules and regulations
that have a significant impact on it.


To the best knowledge of the Group, during the Reporting Period, there were no material breaches of the Group’s internal rules
or PRC laws and regulations relating to the promotion and distribution of the Group’s pharmaceutical products by its employees,
distributors, sub-distributors or third-party promoters.




58      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                     Report of Directors




PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

The Articles of Association provides that every Director of the Company shall be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets
and profits of the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they or any of them
may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in the execution of their duty, or supposed duty, and in their respective offices or
trusts provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty.


The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage in respect of potential legal actions against its Directors and senior
management.



POST BALANCE SHEET EVENTS

For material post-balance sheet events concerning the Group, please refer to note 46 “EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD”
to the consolidated financial statements.



AUDIT COMMITTEE

The audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) has, together with the management and external auditor of the
Company (the “Auditor”), reviewed the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group and the consolidated financial
statements for the Reporting Period. The Audit Committee has also reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal
control system of the Company and considers it to be effective and adequate.



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance practices. Information on the corporate
governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 61 to 79 of this annual
report.



CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF SHAREHOLDERS

The AGM is scheduled to be held on Wednesday, 25 June 2025. For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the
AGM, the register of shareholders of the Company will be closed from Friday, 20 June 2025 to Wednesday, 25 June 2025, both
days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. The record date for determining the
entitlement of the shareholders of the Company to attend and vote at the AGM will be Wednesday, 25 June 2025. In order to
be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, all transfer of shares of the Company, accompanied by the relevant share certificates,
must be lodged with the Company’s Hong Kong share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops
1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on
Thursday, 19 June 2025.


                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024      59
Report of Directors




For determining the entitlement to the final dividend, the register of shareholders of the Company will be closed from Wednesday, 23
July 2025 to Friday, 25 July 2025, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered.
The record date for determining the entitlement of the shareholders of the Company to the final dividend will be Friday, 25 July
2025. In order to qualify for the final dividend, all transfer of shares of the Company, accompanied by the relevant share certificates,
must be lodged with the Company’s Hong Kong share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops
1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on
Tuesday, 22 July 2025.



TAX RELIEF

The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to the shareholders by reason of their holding of the shares of the
Company.



SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on information publicly available to the Company and to the best knowledge of the Directors, at least 25% of the Company’s
total issued shares, the prescribed minimum percentage of public float approved by the HKEx and permitted under the HKEx Listing
Rules, was held by the public at all times during the Reporting Period and as of the date of this annual report.



AUDITOR

Ernst & Young was appointed as the Auditor for the Reporting Period.


Ernst & Young shall retire at the forthcoming AGM and, being eligible, will offer itself for re-appointment. A resolution for the re-
appointment of Ernst & Young as the Auditor will be proposed at the AGM.


On behalf of the Board


Dr. LOU Jing
Chairman


Hong Kong SAR
PRC
25 March 2025




60      3SBIO INC.
                       Corporate Governance Report

The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report of the Company for the Reporting Period.



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of the shareholders and
to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as
set out in Appendix C1 to the HKEx Listing Rules as its own code of corporate governance.


Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions under the CG Code
throughout the Reporting Period. The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure
compliance with the CG Code.


The Company is committed to ensuring that its affairs are conducted in accordance with high ethical standards. This reflects its
belief that, in the achievement of its long-term objectives, it is crucial to act with probity, transparency and accountability. By so
acting, the Company believes that shareholder value will be maximised in the long term and that patients, its employees, those with
whom it does business and the communities in which it operates will all benefit.


Corporate governance is the process by which the Board instructs management of the Group to conduct its affairs with a view to
ensuring that its objectives are met. The Board is committed to maintaining and developing robust corporate governance practices
that are intended to ensure:


–     the delivery of high-quality products to patients and health workers;


–     satisfactory and sustainable returns to shareholders;


–     that the interests of those who deal with the Company are safeguarded;


–     that overall business risk is understood and managed appropriately; and


–     that high standards of ethics are maintained.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024         61
Corporate Governance Report




THE BOARD

Responsibilities


The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, oversees the Group’s strategic decisions and monitors business
and performance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for day-to-day management and operation of the
Group to the senior management of the Group. To oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs, the Board has established
three Board committees including the Audit Committee, the remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”) and the
nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) (together, the “Board Committees”). The Board has delegated to the Board
Committees responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference.


The Board has established purpose, values, and strategy of the Company, and has satisfied itself that these objectives and the
Company’s culture are aligned. All Directors have acted with integrity, led by example, and promoted the desired culture of the
Company. The Company’s culture instills, and continually reinforces across the Company, the importance of values of acting
lawfully, ethically, and responsibly.


For the basis on which the Company generates or preserves value over the longer term and the strategy for delivering its
objectives, please refer to “Long Term Corporate Performance and Strategy” section hereinafter. Please also refer to “CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT” and “MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS” herein above. The Group will continuously review and adjust, if
necessary, its business strategies and keep track of the changing market conditions to ensure prompt and proactive measures will
be taken to respond to the changes and meet the market needs to foster the sustainability of its business.


All Directors have carried out duties in good faith and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and have acted in the
interests of the Company and the shareholders at all times.


The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance in respect of legal action against the Directors. The insurance coverage
will be reviewed on an annual basis.




62      3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




Board Composition


As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises two executive Directors, one non-executive Director and three independent
non-executive Directors as follows:


Executive Directors:
Dr. LOU Jing (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. SU Dongmei


Non-executive Director:
Ms. ZHANG Jiaoe


Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. PU Tianruo
Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi
Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry


The biographies of the Directors are set out under the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report.


During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, the Board has at all times met the requirements under Rules
3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the HKEx Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors with
at least one independent non-executive Director possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
management expertise.


The Company has also complied with Rule 3.10A of the HKEx Listing Rules relating to the appointment of independent non-
executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board.


The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees increasing diversity at the Board level as
an essential element in maintaining the Company’s competitive advantage. Therefore, the Company has adopted a Board diversity
policy to set out the approach to diversity on the Board. As provided in the Board diversity policy, the Nomination Committee will
review annually the structure, size and composition of the Board and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes
to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy. In relation to reviewing and assessing the Board composition,
the Nomination Committee will consider a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge, and industry and regional experience. The Nomination Committee will
discuss, and where necessary, agree on the measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board and recommend them to the
Board for adoption. The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the Board that are relevant to
the Company’s business growth. The Nomination Committee will review the Board diversity policy as appropriate and recommend
revisions, if any, to the Board for consideration and approval. The Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of the
Board diversity policy on an annual basis.



                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024        63
Corporate Governance Report




As each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the HKEx Listing
Rules, the Company considers all of them to be independent.


None of the Directors has any personal relationship (including financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationship)
with any other Director and chief executive.


All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business experience,
knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. Independent non-executive Directors are
invited to serve on the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.


As regards the CG Code provision requiring Directors to disclose the number and nature of offices held in public companies or
organisations and other significant commitments as well as the identity of the public companies or organisations and the time
involved to the issuer, Directors have agreed to disclose their commitments and any subsequent change to the Company in a timely
manner.


Independent Views


The Board has three independent non-executive Directors, 50% of a total of six Directors. In assessing whether a potential
candidate is qualified to become an independent non-executive Director of the Company, the Nomination Committee and the Board
will consider, among others, whether the candidate is able to devote sufficient time to perform his/her duties as an independent
non-executive Director of the Company, and the background and qualification of the candidate, in order to assess whether such
candidate is able to bring independent views to the Board.


The Company will ensure that there are channels (in addition to independent non-executive Directors) where independent views are
available, including but not limited to the availability of access by the Directors to external independent professional advice to assist
with their performance of duties.


The Board reviews the implementation and effectiveness of the above mechanism(s) on an annual basis.


Gender Diversity


Ms. SU Dongmei was appointed as a Director in June 2012 and was re-designated as an executive Director in November 2014.
Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in June 2021. Further, Ms. ZHANG Jiaoe was
appointed as a non-executive Director in June 2024. Upon Ms. Zhang’s appointment, the female representation on the Board has
been increased to 50%. Ms. YANG has also served as the Chairlady of the Remuneration Committee since January 2022. The
Board believes its efforts and achievement in regard to gender diversity on the Board are satisfactory. The Board will monitor its
gender diversity at Board membership changes, with regard to the need for successor planning measures.




64      3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




For the past three years, the female employees represented 52.68%, 52.52% and 53.18% respectively in the Group’s workforce.
For further details regarding gender diversity and the relevant policy of the Group, please refer to the Section 4.1 “Employees’
Rights, Interests and Welfare” and Section 8.1 “ESG Datasheet and Notes – Employees Responsibility” in the ESG Report.


The Group will continue to build a diverse and friendly culture and work environment to promote gender balance and gender equity.


Induction and Continuous Professional Development

Each newly appointed Director is provided with necessary induction and information to ensure that he/she has a proper
understanding of the Company’s operations and businesses as well as his/her responsibilities under relevant statues, laws, rules
and regulations. The Directors are also provided with regular updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects to
enable the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties.


Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.
The company secretary of the Company has from time to time updated and provided written training materials relating to the roles,
functions and duties of a Director.


Ms. ZHANG Jiaoe, who was appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from 25 June 2024, attended a training on 21 June
2024 pursuant to Rule 3.09D of the HKEx Listing Rules covering the requirements under the HKEx Listing Rules as a director of a
listed company and the possible consequences of making a false declaration or giving false information to the HKEx. Ms. ZHANG
Jiaoe has confirmed her understanding of the information provided by the legal adviser and her obligations as a director of a listed
issuer.


A summary of training received by the Directors throughout the Reporting Period is as follows:


                                                                                                                        Nature of
                                                                                                       Continuous Professional
 Name of Directors                                                                                  Development Programmes


 Executive Directors
 Dr. LOU Jing                                                                                                             A and B
 Ms. SU Dongmei                                                                                                                 B


 Non-executive Directors
 Mr. HUANG Bin (retired on 25 June 2024)                                                                                        B
 Ms. ZHANG Jiaoe (appointed on 25 June 2024)                                                                              B and D


 Independent Non-Executive Directors
 Mr. PU Tianruo                                                                                                                 B
 Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi                                                                                                          B
 Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry                                                                                                          B
 Dr. ZHANG Dan (retired on 25 June 2024)                                                                                  B and D


                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024        65
Corporate Governance Report




Notes:


A:       Attending seminars and/or meetings and/or forums and/or briefings


B:       Reading materials relevant to corporate governance, director’s duties and responsibilities, the HKEx Listing Rules and other relevant ordinances


C:       Giving talks in the seminars and/or meetings and/or forums


D:       Attending training relevant to the Company’s business conducted by lawyers



Separation of the Roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


Under code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and performed by
different individuals.


Dr. LOU Jing, the chairman of the Board, was also appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company. The Board believes that
vesting the roles of both chairman and chief executive officer in the same person has the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership
within the Group and enabling more effective and efficient overall strategic planning for the Group. The Board considers that the
balance of power and authority for the present arrangement will not be impaired, and this structure will enable the Company to
make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. In addition, all major decisions are made in consultation with members of
the Board, including the relevant Board committees and independent non-executive Directors.


The Board will from time to time review and consider splitting the roles of chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of
the Company at an appropriate time, taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.


Appointment and Re-election of Directors

Dr. LOU Jing, one of the executive Directors, has entered into a service contract with the Company for an initial term of three
years commencing from the date of his appointment and continue for a period of three years after or until the third AGM of the
Company since the Listing Date (whichever is earlier), which shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of three years
until terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the service contract or by either party giving to the other prior notice
in writing. Ms. SU Dongmei, the other executive Director, has entered into a service contract with the Company, which term has
been renewed until the date of the 2027 AGM of the Company (or, in case there is no AGM in such year, until 20 June 2027), unless
otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the service contract.


Ms. ZHANG Jiaoe, the non-executive Director, entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term of three years
commencing from 25 June 2024, which may be terminated in accordance with the terms of the appointment letter.




66         3SBIO INC.
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




Mr. PU Tianruo, one of the independent non-executive Directors, entered into an appointment letter with the Company on 23 May
2015. The appointment under the aforementioned letter had been automatically renewed and extended until the date of the 2025
AGM of the Company, which is expected to be automatically renewed for a further three years, unless otherwise terminated in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the appointment letter. Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi, one of the independent non-executive
Directors, entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term of three years commencing from the date of the 2021
AGM, which has been automatically renewed and extended until the date of the 2027 AGM of the Company, unless otherwise
terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the appointment letter. Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry, the other independent
non-executive Director, entered into a letter of appointment with the Company on 21 January 2022. His term of appointment has
been extended until 20 January 2026, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the appointment
letter.


Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has a service contract which is not determinable by the Group within one year
without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


In accordance with the Articles of Association, all Directors are subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years
and any new Director appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall submit himself for re-election by the shareholders at the first general
meeting of the Company after appointment and new Directors appointed as an addition to the Board shall submit himself for re-
election by the shareholders at the next following AGM of the Company after appointment.


The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the Articles of Association. The
Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board composition and making recommendations to the Board on the
appointment or re-election of Directors and succession planning for Directors.


Board Meetings

The Company adopts the practice of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times a year, and at approximately quarterly
intervals. Notices of not less than fourteen days have been given for all regular Board meetings to provide all Directors with an
opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for a regular meeting. In 2024, four regular board meetings were held.


For other Board and Board Committee meetings, reasonable notices have been generally given. The agenda and accompanying
board papers have been dispatched to the Directors or Board Committee members at least three days before the meetings to
ensure that they have sufficient time to review the papers and are adequately prepared for the meetings. When Directors or Board
Committee members are unable to attend a meeting, they will be advised of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity
to make their views known to the Chairman prior to the meeting. Minutes of meetings are kept by the Company with copies
circulated to all Directors for information and records.


Minutes of the Board meetings and Board Committee meetings are recorded in sufficient detail about the matters considered by the
Board and the Board Committees and the decisions reached, including any concerns raised by the Directors. Draft minutes of each
Board meeting and Board Committee meeting are sent to the Directors for comments within a reasonable time after the date on
which the meeting is held. Minutes of the Board meetings are open for inspection by Directors.

                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024        67
Corporate Governance Report




During the Reporting Period, four board meetings and one general meeting were held and the attendance of each Director at these
meetings is set out in the table below:


                                                                                        Attended/Eligible       Attended/Eligible
                                                                                             to attend the           to attend the
 Directors                                                                                Board meetings      general meeting(s)


 Executive Directors
 Dr. LOU Jing                                                                                           4/4                     1/1
 Ms. SU Dongmei                                                                                         4/4                     1/1


 Non-Executive Directors
 Mr. HUANG Bin (retired on 25 June 2024)                                                                3/3                     1/1
 Ms. ZHANG Jiaoe (appointed on 25 June 2024)                                                            1/1                    N/A


 Independent Non-Executive Directors
 Mr. PU Tianruo                                                                                         4/4                     1/1
 Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi                                                                                  4/4                     1/1
 Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry                                                                                  4/4                     1/1
 Dr. ZHANG Dan (retired on 25 June 2024)                                                                3/3                     1/1


Model Code for Securities Transactions


The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the HKEx Listing Rules as its own code of conduct
regarding Directors’ securities transactions. Having made specific enquiry with the Directors, all Directors confirmed that they have
complied with the required standards as set out in the Model Code during the Reporting Period.


Code provision C.1.3 of the CG Code stipulates that the Company must establish guidelines no less exacting than the Model
Code for relevant employees in respect of their dealings in the Company’s securities. To comply with the CG Code, the Company
has adopted a set of guidelines no less exacting than the Model Code for relevant employees in respect of their dealings in the
Company’s securities prior to the Listing Date.




68      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




Delegation by the Board


The Board reserves for its decision all major matters of the Company, including: approval and monitoring of all policy matters,
overall strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management systems, material transactions (in particular those that may
involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of Directors and other significant financial and operational matters.
Directors could have recourse to seek independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s expense and
are encouraged to access and to consult with the Company’s senior management independently.


The daily management, administration and operation of the Group are delegated to the senior management. The delegated
functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board. Approval has to be obtained from the Board prior to any
significant transactions entered into by the management.


Corporate Governance Function


The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of the Directors which includes:


(a)   developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;


(b)   reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management of the
      Company;


(c)   reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;


(d)   developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and
      directors; and


(e)   reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.


Long Term Corporate Performance and Strategy


The Company sets long term financial performance as a corporate governance objective. The mission of the Company is “making
innovative biopharmaceuticals reachable”. The Company seeks to provide better care for patients through innovation and excellence
in its core and related therapeutic areas. The Company’s vision is to be a leading China-based global biopharmaceutical company.
The Company aims to strengthen its leadership position in the PRC biotechnology industry.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024         69
Corporate Governance Report




BOARD COMMITTEES

Audit Committee


The Audit Committee currently comprises three members, all independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. PU Tianruo
(Chairman), Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi and Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry.


The principal duties of the Audit Committee include the following:


1.    reviewing the relationship with the Auditor by reference to the work performed by the Auditor, their fees and terms of
      engagement, and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the Auditor;


2.    reviewing the financial statements and reports and considering any significant or unusual items raised by the Company’s staff
      responsible for the accounting and financial reporting function or the Auditor before submission to the Board; and


3.    reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s financial reporting system, internal control and risk management
      systems and associated procedures, including the adequacy of the resources, staff qualifications and experience, training
      programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting function.


The written terms of reference of the Audit Committee, which include those set forth in code provisions D.3.3 and D.3.7 of the CG
Code, are available on the websites of the HKEx and the Company.


During the Reporting Period, three meetings of the Audit Committee were held to discuss and consider the following matters:


•     final results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the fiscal year as well as the audit report prepared by the Auditor relating
      to accounting issues and major findings in the course of audit;


•     interim results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024; and


•     the financial reporting system, compliance procedures, internal control (including the adequacy of resources, staff
      qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting function)
      and risk management systems and processes, and the re-appointment of the Auditor, with respect to which the Board had
      not deviated from any recommendation given by the Audit Committee on the selection, appointment, resignation or dismissal
      of the Auditor.




70     3SBIO INC.
                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report




Attendance of each Audit Committee member is set out in the table below:


                                                                                                                   Attended/Eligible
 Directors                                                                                                                      to attend


 Mr. PU Tianruo (Chairman)                                                                                                           3/3
 Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi                                                                                                               3/3
 Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry                                                                                                               3/3


Nomination Committee


The Nomination Committee currently comprises three members, including an executive Director, Dr. LOU Jing (Chairman), and two
independent non-executive Directors, Mr. PU Tianruo and Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry.


The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include the following:


1.    reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least annually
      and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy;


2.    developing the criteria for identifying and assessing the qualifications of and evaluating candidates for directorship;


3.    identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and selecting or making recommendations to the Board
      on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;


4.    assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors;


5.    making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and the succession planning for
      Directors, in particular the chairman and the chief executive officer; and


6.    developing a policy concerning diversity of Board members, and disclosing the policy or a summary of the policy in the
      corporate governance report.


The written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the websites of the HKEx and the Company.


The nomination policy of Directors of the Company sets as one of its objectives to ensure the Board has a balance of skills,
experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business. For a summary of the
Company’s Board diversity policy, please refer to the relevant paragraph in the “Board Composition” section of this Corporate
Governance Report.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024           71
Corporate Governance Report




Pursuant to these policies, in assessing and selecting candidates, the Board and the Nomination Committee should consider
various factors including integrity, age, gender, skills, knowledge, experience, expertise, professional and educational qualifications,
background, the board’s composition and diversity, availability of service to the Company, expected contribution, independence,
conflicts of interest, and any other relevant factors.


The Nomination Committee identifies or selects candidates pursuant to the criteria as set out above. The Nomination Committee
then makes recommendation to the Board including the terms and conditions of the appointment. The Board deliberates and
decides on the appointment based upon the recommendation of the Nomination Committee. All appointments of director should
be confirmed by a service contract or letter of appointment (as the case may be) setting out the key terms and conditions. As
applicable, the Board shall make recommendation to shareholders in respect of the proposed election or re-election of director at a
general meeting.


During the Reporting Period, one meeting of the Nomination Committee was held. All three members of the Nomination Committee
attended the meeting.


Remuneration Committee


The Remuneration Committee currently comprises three members, all independent non-executive Directors, namely, Ms. YANG Hoi
Ti Heidi (Chairlady), Mr. PU Tianruo and Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry.


The principal duties of the Remuneration Committee include the following:


1.    making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for the remuneration of the Directors and
      senior management and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policies;


2.    reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the corporate goals and objectives
      determined by the Board;


3.    making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of executive Directors and senior management;


4.    making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;


5.    considering factors such as the level of remuneration paid by comparable companies, the time commitment and
      responsibilities of Directors and senior management, and the employment conditions of the Company and its subsidiaries and
      consolidated affiliated entities;


6.    ensuring that no Director or any of his/her associates is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration;




72      3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




7.    reviewing and approving compensation payments and arrangements to Directors and senior management for loss or
      termination of their office or appointment, or dismissal or removal for misconduct and assessing whether the proposed
      payments or arrangements are fair, reasonable, consistent with the relevant contractual terms, or otherwise appropriate; and


8.    reviewing and/or approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the HKEx Listing Rules, including
      any grants of options or awards to Directors or senior management, and to make disclosure and give explanation on the
      appropriateness to such material matters (if any) being approved in the corporate governance report.


The written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee, which include those set forth in code provision E.1.2 of the CG
Code, are available on the websites of the HKEx and the Company.


The work performed by the Remuneration Committee during the Reporting Period included: (1) determining the policy for the
remuneration of the executive Directors; and (2) assessing performance of the executive Directors. With respect to the service
contracts of the two executive Directors, such contracts have been reviewed and approved by the Remuneration Committee and
the Board prior to the Reporting Period and have been in force through the Reporting Period, with no grounds for termination under
the terms of such contracts in the Reporting Period.


During the Reporting Period, two meetings of the Remuneration Committee were held. Attendance of each Remuneration
Committee member is set out in the table below:


                                                                                                              Attended/Eligible
 Directors                                                                                                             to attend


 Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi (Chairlady)                                                                                            2/2
 Mr. PU Tianruo                                                                                                               2/2
 Dr. ZHANG Dan (committee membership ended upon retirement on 25 June 2024)                                                   2/2
 Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry (appointed on 25 June 2024)                                                                            N/A




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024        73
Corporate Governance Report




Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management


The Company has established a formal and transparent procedure for formulating policies on remuneration of Directors and senior
management of the Group. Details of the remuneration by band of the members of the Board and senior management of the
Company for the Reporting Period are set out below:


 Remuneration band                                                                                         Number of individual


 Nil to RMB1,000,000                                                                                                             6
 RMB1,000,001 to RMB1,500,000                                                                                                    3
 RMB1,500,001 to RMB2,000,000                                                                                                    1
 Above RMB2,000,000                                                                                                              3



DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING IN
RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements for the Reporting Period which give a true and
fair view of the affairs of the Company and the Group and of the Group’s results and cash flows.


The management has provided to the Board such explanation and information as are necessary to enable the Board to carry out
an informed assessment of the Company’s financial statements, which are put to the Board for approval. The Company provides all
members of the Board with quarterly updates on Company’s performance, positions and prospects.


The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant doubt upon
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.


The statement by the Auditor regarding their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements of the Company is
set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 85 to 87 of this annual report.




74     3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for the Company’s risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their
effectiveness. The risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to
achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


The Group’s risk management and internal control systems provide a comprehensive and organized structure with clearly defined
scopes of responsibilities, authorities and procedures. The Group has a designated risk management and internal control team
which is responsible for identifying and monitoring the Group’s risks and internal control issues and reports directly to the Board of
any findings and follow-up actions. Each department of the Group is also required to adhere strictly to the Group’s internal control
procedures and report to the risk management and internal control team of any risks or internal control issues.


The Group conducts self-assessment each year to confirm that all departments and the Group have properly complied with the risk
management and internal control policy.


The internal audit department is responsible for independent review of the adequacy and effectiveness of risk management and
internal control systems. During the Reporting Period, the internal audit department reviewed important issues such as the relevant
strategic management, major operational and financial reporting procedure, adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and
experiences, regulatory compliance, and provided its findings and recommendations to the Audit Committee for improvement.


Any internal control defects identified by the internal audit department will be communicated to the department in question with
advice for correction and remediation. Before the end of the year, the status will be reviewed. The compliance department will also
assist in the correction and remediation. Any unresolved control defects at the end of the year will be informed to the management.
For the Reporting Period, no material internal control defect was detected.


The Audit Committee assists the Board to at least annually review and monitor the scope, issues, results and action plans in relation
to or arising from the internal and external audits. The Audit Committee reviews the Company’s material controls, including financial,
operational and compliance controls, and risk management and internal control systems at least annually. During the Reporting
Period, the Audit Committee conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the
Group, including the above-mentioned material controls. The review has covered various aspects of the Group’s risk management
and internal control systems. In the review, the Audit Committee reviewed the report from the management and the findings and
recommendations from the internal audit department. The review results were reported to the Board. The Board is satisfied that
such systems are effective and adequate.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024         75
Corporate Governance Report




WHISTLE-BLOWING AND ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICIES AND
SYSTEMS
The Group has set up management systems, including the 3SBio Group Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Policy, which sets
out clear anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering requirements and regulates employee hospitality and charity
practices. Under the system’s guidance, the Group has established and strictly observed the compliance training system. The Risk
Compliance Department makes yearly plans for compliance training targeting the entire workforce. The Directors, full-time and part-
time employees and contractors are all required to take regular anti-corruption and business ethics training.


The Group has put in place a whistle-blowing system. The Group’s Risk Compliance Department has set up multiple reporting
channels via e-mails and telephones, inviting real-name or anonymous tip-offs about existing or suspected irregularities from
employees, third-party representatives and business partners.


Please further refer to the Section 2.3 “Business Ethics and Anti-corruption” and Section 8.1 “ESG Datasheet and Notes – Anti-
corruption” in the ESG Report.



INFORMATION DISCLOSURE POLICY
The Group has also adopted an information disclosure policy which has set out comprehensive guidelines in respect of handling and
dissemination of inside information. The Board is entrusted with the responsibility for monitoring and implementing the procedural
requirements in the information disclosure policy. Release of inside information shall be led by the Board. Unless duly authorized,
all staff members of the Company shall not disseminate inside information relating to the Group to any external parties and shall not
respond to media report or market speculation which may materially affect the trading price or volume of the Shares.



AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
Ernst & Young was appointed as the Auditor for the annual audit of the Group and other audit services for the Reporting Period.


The remuneration for the audit services and review services (including the review of the Company’s interim results announcement
and interim report for the six months ended 30 June 2024) provided by Ernst & Young to the Group for the Reporting Period was as
follows:


                                                                                                                          Amount
 Type of Services                                                                                                       (RMB’000)


 Audit services                                                                                                              6,561
 Review services                                                                                                             1,068


 Total                                                                                                                       7,629


76         3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




COMPANY SECRETARY

The company secretary of the Company is responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance matters and ensuring that
the Board policies and procedures, as well as the applicable laws, rules and regulations are followed.


In order to uphold good corporate governance and ensure compliance with the HKEx Listing Rules and applicable Hong Kong
laws, the Company engages Ms. LAI Siu Kuen (“Ms. LAI”), a director of Company Secretarial Services of Tricor Services Limited, a
company secretarial service provider that provides general corporate and secretarial support services, as the company secretary of
the Company.


The primary corporate contact person at the Company is Ms. SU Dongmei, an executive Director of the Company.


For the Reporting Period, Ms. LAI has undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 3.29
of the HKEx Listing Rules.



COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR
RELATIONS

The Company considers that effective communication with the shareholders of the Company is essential for enhancing investor
relations and understanding of the Group’s business, performance and strategies. The Company also recognizes the importance
of timely and non-selective disclosure of information, which will enable shareholders of the Company and investors to make the
informed investment decisions.


The AGM of the Company provides opportunity for the shareholders to communicate directly with the Directors. The chairman of
the Board and the chairmen/chairlady of the Board Committees will attend the AGM to answer shareholders’ questions. The Auditor
will also attend the AGM to answer questions about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the Auditor’s report,
the accounting policies and auditor’s independence.


The Group’s proactive approach to investor relations continued to widen the coverage of the Company by global funds in and
outside Hong Kong and Mainland China in 2024. A number of local and international sell-side firms and brokers publish research
reports on the Company, often on a regular basis, and the Company attracts attention of a wide range of institutional investors.


The Group’s management and investor relations function take great efforts to maintain an open dialogue with the investment
community to ensure a thorough understanding of the Company’s business development, core strategies and corporate
governance principles. In 2024, the Group participated in investor conferences, roadshows, healthcare summits on virtual basis and
in-person. Several hundred meetings were held with institutional investors and research analysts in Hong Kong and internationally.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024        77
Corporate Governance Report




To promote effective communication, the Company adopts a shareholders’ communication policy which aims at establishing a
two-way relationship and communication between the Company and the shareholders and maintaining such relationship and
communication on the websites of the HKEx at www.hkexnews.hk and of the Company at www.3sbio.com, where up-to-date
information on the Company’s business operations and developments, financial information, corporate governance practices and
other information is available for public access. Shareholders can also communicate with the Company by mailing to the Company’s
principal place of business in Hong Kong at Room 1918, 19/F, Lee Garden One, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong and
to the Company’s investor relations department at email address ir@3sbio.com.


The Group’s MSCI ESG rating maintained at “AA” in 2024. The rating can help shareholders and investors to evaluate and
understand the Company’s efforts and commitment to environmental, social, and governance goodness.


During the Reporting Period, the Company reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders communication
policy, including the multiple communication channels for shareholders (AGM, investor meetings, Company website, investor
relations mail and email channels, and ESG work) and the steps taken to handle shareholders’ enquiries. As assessed and
discussed under this section, the Company considered that the shareholders communication policy has been properly implemented
and effective.



DIVIDEND POLICY

The Board shall consider various factors before declaring or recommending dividends, including the Company’s actual and
expected financial performance; retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the
Group; the Group’s working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans; the Group’s liquidity
position; general economic conditions, business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal or external factors that may have
an impact on the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and other factors that the Board deems relevant.


The payment of dividend is also subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations including the laws of Cayman Islands
and the Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association.


As a holding company, the Company is dependent upon the receipt of cash distributions from its PRC subsidiaries to fund any
dividend payments. The ability of these subsidiaries to make dividend and other payments to the Company is restricted by their
constitutional documents and to the laws of and regulations of the PRC.




78      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

To safeguard shareholders’ interests and rights, a separate resolution will be proposed for each issue at general meetings, including
the election of individual Directors.


All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted by poll pursuant to the HKEx Listing Rules and poll results will be
posted on the websites of the Company and the HKEx in a timely manner after each general meeting.


Convening of extraordinary general meeting and putting forward proposals


Shareholders of the Company do not generally have a right to propose new resolutions at general meetings. Shareholders of the
Company who wish to propose a resolution may request the Company to convene an extraordinary general meeting following the
procedures as set out below.


Any one or more members holding as at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the
Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to
the Board or the secretary of the Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting of the Company to be called by the Board
for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit
of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself
(themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of
the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.


As regards proposing a person for election as a Director, the procedures are available on the website of the Company.


Enquiries to the Board


The Company follows its shareholders’ communication policy to provide the Company’s shareholders with information about the
Company to enable them to engage actively with the Company and exercise their rights as shareholders in an informed manner.


Shareholders who intend to put forward their enquiries about the Company to the Board could send their enquiries to the
Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong at Room 1918, 19/F, Lee Garden One, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay,
Hong Kong (email address: ir@3sbio.com).



CHANGE IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

There was no change in the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company for the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024         79
Independent Auditor’s Report


                                      Ernst & Young              安永會計師事務所
                                      27/F, One Taikoo Place     香港鰂魚涌
                                      979 King’s Road            英皇道979號
                                      Quarry Bay, Hong Kong      太古坊一座27樓

To the shareholders of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of 3SBio Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on
pages 88 to 224, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024, and the consolidated
statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity
and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including
material accounting policy information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been
properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.



Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) issued by the International Auditing
and Assurance Standards Board (“IAASB”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in
accordance with the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”),
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




80      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                   Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each
matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.


We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed
to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our
audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024         81
Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



Key audit matters (continued)

                                                                       How our audit addressed the
 Key audit matter                                                      key audit matter

 Impairment of other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives


 As at 31 December 2024, other intangible assets with indefinite       Our audit procedures included, among others, a review of
 useful lives amounted to RMB354,815,000. In accordance with           the models and the assumptions applied by management in
 IAS 36 Impairment of Assets, intangible assets with indefinite        assessing the forecasted revenue growth rates. We evaluated
 useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually   management’s sensitivity analysis to assess the impact of
 or at the cash-generating unit level. The impairment reviews          reasonably possible changes to key assumptions on the
 performed by the Group contained a number of significant              available headroom. We also reviewed the Group’s disclosures
 judgements and estimates including growth rates, royalty rates        of the assumptions applied in assessing the impairment of
 and discount rates. Changes in these assumptions might lead           those intangible assets. We involved our internal valuation
 to a change in the carrying value of intangible assets.               experts to assess the key assumptions in valuation models
                                                                       including growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates.
 The Group’s disclosures on other intangible assets
 with indefinite useful lives are included in note 17 to the
 consolidated financial statements.




82     3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



Key audit matters (continued)

                                                                   How our audit addressed the
 Key audit matter                                                  key audit matter

 Impairment of goodwill


 As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of goodwill was       Our audit procedures included, among others, a review of
 RMB4,252,618,000. In accordance with IAS 36 Impairment of         the assumptions with actual results of prior periods applied
 Assets, the Group is required to test goodwill for impairment     by management in assessing the forecasted revenue growth
 annually. Management performs the impairment assessment           rates, gross margins and discount rates. We evaluated
 using a value in use calculation based on the discounted cash     management’s identification of cash-generating units (“CGUs”)
 flow method. This assessment is complex and judgemental           and the impairment model used by the Group. We also
 and is based on assumptions, such as forecasted revenue           reviewed the Group’s disclosures of those assumptions to
 growth rates, gross margins and discount rates, which             which the outcome of the impairment test was most sensitive
 are affected by the expected future market or economic            and which had the most significant effect on the determination
 conditions, particularly in Mainland China.                       of the recoverable amount of goodwill. We involved our internal
                                                                   valuation experts in benchmarking the key assumptions in
 The Group’s disclosures on goodwill are included in note 16 to    valuation models including expected perpetual rates and
 the financial statements.                                         discount rates.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024        83
Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



Other information included in the Annual Report

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in
the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude
that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
regard.



Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial
statements

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and
for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
financial reporting process.




84        3SBIO INC.
                                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our report is made
solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis
of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout
the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
      design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
      to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
      one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
      internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
      circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024         85
Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements (continued)

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
      the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
      attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
      inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
      report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves
      fair presentation.


•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
      entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
      responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the Group audit. We remain
      solely responsible for our audit opinion.




86     3SBIO INC.
                                                                                      Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements (continued)

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in
our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Denis Ming Kui Cheng.


Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
25 March 2025




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   87
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                          2024          2023
                                             Notes    RMB’000       RMB’000


 REVENUE                                      5      9,107,978     7,815,938


 Cost of sales                                6      (1,279,602)   (1,174,298)


 Gross profit                                        7,828,376     6,641,640


 Other income and gains                       5          4,701        (53,486)
 Selling and distribution expenses                   (3,351,349)   (3,006,225)
 Administrative expenses                              (501,948)     (480,825)
 Research and development costs                      (1,326,530)    (794,794)
 Other expenses                               6         (93,251)      (85,760)
 Finance costs                                7       (190,846)     (212,296)
 Share of profits and losses of:
     Joint ventures                           18         (1,628)       1,053
     Associates                               19       350,560        (30,848)


 PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                   2,718,085     1,978,459


 Income tax expense                           11      (500,536)     (392,167)


 PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                 2,217,549     1,586,292


 Attributable to:
     Owners of the parent                            2,090,320     1,549,239
     Non-controlling interests                         127,229        37,053


                                                     2,217,549     1,586,292


 EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
     ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
     — Basic                                  13      RMB0.86       RMB0.64


     — Diluted                                13      RMB0.85       RMB0.62




88      3SBIO INC.
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                                 2,217,549         1,586,292


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)
Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
Exchange differences:
  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                           38,657             14,331


Net other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods                                                38,657             14,331


Other comprehensive income/(loss) that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income:
     Changes in fair value                                                            30,563           (115,197)
     Income tax effect                                                                 (1,564)              (461)


Net other comprehensive income/(loss) that will not be
  reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods                                28,999           (115,658)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                            67,656           (101,327)


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                             2,285,205         1,484,965


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                              2,157,976         1,447,912
  Non-controlling interest                                                           127,229             37,053


                                                                                    2,285,205         1,484,965




                                                                                      Annual Report 2024       89
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
31 December 2024




                                                                     31 December    31 December
                                                                            2024          2023
                                                             Notes      RMB’000        RMB’000


 NON-CURRENT ASSETS
 Property, plant and equipment                                14        4,993,461     4,692,152
 Right-of-use assets                                         15(a)        374,056       375,606
 Goodwill                                                     16        4,252,618     4,199,458
 Other intangible assets                                      17        1,684,510     1,554,451
 Investments in joint ventures                                18              637         2,265
 Investments in associates                                    19          498,519       593,316
 Equity investments designated at fair value through other
    comprehensive income                                      20          817,951       521,724
 Prepayments, other receivables and other assets              24          326,756       203,422
 Non-pledged time deposits                                    26        1,621,381     2,015,347
 Deferred tax assets                                          21          295,917       274,604


 Total non-current assets                                              14,865,806    14,432,345


 CURRENT ASSETS
 Inventories                                                  22          795,191       777,539
 Trade and notes receivables                                  23        1,305,160     1,095,132
 Prepayments, other receivables and other assets              24          741,138     1,132,499
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        25        3,769,187     3,302,596
 Derivative financial instruments                             30            8,547            —
 Pledged deposits                                             26          178,568       195,432
 Non-pledged time deposits                                    26          406,492        78,324
 Cash and cash equivalents                                    26        2,142,651     2,611,161


 Total current assets                                                   9,346,934     9,192,683


 CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Trade and bills payables                                     27          179,561       212,062
 Other payables and accruals                                  28        1,721,896     1,332,393
 Deferred income                                              29           27,131        29,152
 Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                   31        2,243,750     2,111,603
 Lease liabilities                                           15(b)         15,269         9,735
 Bonds payable                                                32        1,226,098            —
 Tax payable                                                               49,819        32,665


 Total current liabilities                                              5,463,524     3,727,610


 NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                     3,883,410     5,465,073


 TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                 18,749,216    19,897,418


90      3SBIO INC.
                                               Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                                                                                               31 December 2024




                                                                               31 December      31 December
                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                       Notes      RMB’000           RMB’000


 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                             31          37,628         1,462,733
 Lease liabilities                                                     15(b)        31,660            27,813
 Bonds payable                                                          32               —         1,225,959
 Deferred income                                                        29         390,290           412,156
 Deferred tax liabilities                                               21         248,835           250,554
 Other non-current liabilities                                                        4,473              4,603


 Total non-current liabilities                                                     712,886         3,383,818


 Net assets                                                                      18,036,330       16,513,600


 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the parent
 Share capital                                                          34             146                149
 Treasury shares                                                        34         (235,641)         (235,641)
 Share premium                                                          34        2,729,341        3,517,283
 Reserves                                                                        12,942,412       10,751,980


 Equity attributable to owners of the parent                                     15,436,258       14,033,771


 Non-controlling interests                                                        2,600,072        2,479,829


 Total equity                                                                    18,036,330       16,513,600




LOU Jing                                              SU Dongmei

Dr. LOU Jing                                          Ms. SU Dongmei
Director                                              Director




                                                                                    Annual Report 2024       91
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                                           Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                   Equity
                                                                                                            component of         Statutory                                  Exchange                         Non-
                                                         Share     Treasury        Share    Contributed       convertible          surplus         Retained    Fair value   fluctuation                 control ing        Total
                                                         capital     shares     premium        surplus*           bonds*         reserves*          profits*    reserve*      reserve*         Total     interests        equity
                                                       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                       (note 34)   (note 34)    (note 34)     (note 36)          (note 36)


 At 31 December 2022 (audited)                              149    (235,641)   3,693,433       332,179           110,744        1,142,169         7,890,011     (35,502)       65,132     12,962,674    2,437,776     15,400,450
 Business combination under common control                   —           —            —         10,042                 —                —           (46,911)          —             —        (36,869)           —        (36,869)


 At 1 January 2023 (restated)                               149    (235,641)   3,693,433       342,221           110,744        1,142,169         7,843,100     (35,502)       65,132     12,925,805    2,437,776     15,363,581
 Profit for the year                                         —           —            —              —                 —                —         1,549,239           —             —      1,549,239       37,053      1,586,292
 Other comprehensive income for the year:
     Change in fair value of equity investments
       at fair value through other comprehensive
       income, net of tax                                    —           —            —              —                 —                —                —     (115,658)            —       (115,658)           —       (115,658)
     Exchange differences related
       to foreign operations                                 —           —            —              —                 —                —                —            —        14,331        14,331             —        14,331


 Total comprehensive income for the year                     —           —            —              —                 —                —         1,549,239    (115,658)       14,331      1,447,912       37,053      1,484,965
 Transfer to statutory surplus reserves                      —           —            —              —                 —          218,073          (218,073)          —             —             —             —             —
 Final 2022 dividend declared (Note 12)                      —           —      (224,883)            —                 —                —                —            —             —       (224,883)           —       (224,883)
 Repurchase of convertible bonds                             —           —            —              —          (110,744)               —                —            —             —       (110,744)           —       (110,744)
 Equity-settled share incentive scheme (Note 35)             —           —            —          (4,656)               —                —                —            —             —         (4,656)           —         (4,656)
 Shares issued upon exercise of
     share options (Note 35)                                 —           —       48,733        (48,396)                —                —                —            —             —           337             —           337
 Capital injection from non-control ing shareholders         —           —            —              —                 —                —                —            —             —             —         5,000          5,000
 Transfer to retained profits                                —           —            —              —                 —                —              410          (410)           —             —             —             —


 At 31 December 2023                                        149    (235,641)   3,517,283       289,169                 —        1,360,242         9,174,676    (151,570)       79,463     14,033,771    2,479,829     16,513,600




92            3SBIO INC.
                                                                                    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                                                                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                                    Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                  Statutory                                 Exchange                           Non-
                                                            Share      Treasury       Share     Contributed        surplus        Retained     Fair value   fluctuation                   controlling        Total
                                                           capital      shares     premium         surplus*      reserves*          profits*    reserve*      reserve*           Total      interests       equity
                                                          RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                          (note 34)    (note 34)   (note 34)       (note 36)      (note 36)


    At 31 December 2023 (audited)                              149     (235,641)   3,517,283        289,169       1,360,242       9,174,676     (151,570)       79,463      14,033,771     2,479,829    16,513,600
    Profit for the year                                         —            —            —              —               —        2,090,320           —             —        2,090,320       127,229     2,217,549
    Other comprehensive income for the year:
      Change in fair value of equity investments
        at fair value through other comprehensive
        income, net of tax                                      —            —            —              —               —                 —      28,999            —          28,999             —        28,999
      Exchange differences related to
        foreign operations                                      —            —            —              —               —                 —          —         38,657         38,657             —        38,657


    Total comprehensive income for the year                     —            —            —              —               —        2,090,320       28,999        38,657       2,157,976       127,229     2,285,205
    Transfer to statutory surplus reserves                      —            —            —              —         498,090         (498,090)          —             —               —             —             —
    Final 2023 dividend declared (Note 12)                      —            —      (545,302)            —               —                 —          —             —         (545,302)           —       (545,302)
    Final 2023 and 2024 interim dividend
      declared by Sunshine Guojian                              —            —            —              —               —                 —          —             —               —         (9,786)       (9,786)
    Equity-settled share incentive scheme (Note 35)             —            —            —          32,456              —                 —          —             —          32,456             —        32,456
    Capital injection from non-control ing shareholders         —            —            —              —               —                 —          —             —               —          2,800         2,800
    Shares repurchased                                          —      (242,448)          —              —               —                 —          —             —         (242,448)           —       (242,448)
    Shares cancel ed (Note 34)                                   (3)    242,448     (242,640)            —               —                 —          —             —             (195)           —           (195)
    Transfer to retained profits                                —            —            —              —               —           12,705      (12,705)           —               —             —             —


    At 31 December 2024                                        146     (235,641)   2,729,341        321,625       1,858,332      10,779,611     (135,276)      118,120      15,436,258     2,600,072    18,036,330


*            These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated other reserves of approximately RMB12,942,412,000 (2023: RMB10,751,980,000) in the consolidated statement
             of financial position.




                                                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024                    93
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                               2024         2023
                                                                                  Notes    RMB’000      RMB’000


 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
 Profit before tax                                                                         2,718,085    1,978,459
 Adjustments for:
     Finance costs                                                                  7       190,846      212,296
     Gain on repurchase of convertible bonds                                        5             —       (48,268)
     Impairment on other intangible assets                                         17        41,245            —
     Fair value losses on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     5       284,071      358,548
     Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates                 18, 19    (348,932)     29,795
     Interest income                                                                5       (147,781)    (153,124)
     Foreign exchange differences                                                  5, 6      (25,281)     71,934
     Charge of share-based compensation costs                                      35        32,456        (4,656)
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                  6       259,729      211,283
     Amortisation of other intangible assets                                        6       109,787      103,873
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                            6        25,432       19,692
     Amortisation of long-term deferred expenses                                    6        17,674       16,614
     Recognition of deferred income                                                29        (36,582)     (29,826)
     Provision/(Reversal of provision) for impairment of trade receivables          6          2,631      (14,670)
     Provision/(Reversal of provision) for impairment of prepayments,
       other receivables and other assets                                           6          2,835      (10,502)
     Provision/(Reversal of provision) for impairment of inventories               22           378       (27,538)
     Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                     6        15,077        1,877


                                                                                           3,141,670    2,715,787


 Increase in inventories                                                                     (18,031)     (37,258)
 Withdrawal of pledged deposits                                                              18,171       21,439
 (Increase)/decrease in trade and notes receivables                                         (212,660)    231,343
 Decrease/(increase) in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                     476,109      (609,875)
 Decrease in trade and bills payables                                                        (32,501)     (37,459)
 Increase in other payables and accruals                                                    334,417      269,775


 Cash generated from operations                                                            3,707,175    2,553,752


 Income tax paid                                                                            (505,917)    (470,895)


 Net cash flows from operating activities                                                  3,201,258    2,082,857



94       3SBIO INC.
                                                                Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                                 2024               2023
                                                                                    Notes    RMB’000            RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Interest received                                                                            84,106            119,611
  Dividend received from an associate                                                         446,545                  —
  Purchase of items of property, plant and equipment                                         (681,642)          (624,717)
  Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                         (3,803,727)       (3,858,003)
  Purchase of non-pledged time deposits                                                      (182,587)        (1,945,055)
  Purchase of time deposits with original maturity of more than three months                (2,540,631)          (78,324)
  Purchase of equity investments designated at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                                                               (335,154)           (78,474)
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           3,060,347          4,990,017
  Proceeds from disposal of non-pledged time deposits                                         618,587            160,238
  Proceeds from disposal of equity investments designated
    at fair value through other comprehensive income                                           87,858             14,898
  Proceeds from disposal of time deposits with original maturity
    of more than three months                                                               2,227,290                  —
  Loans to related parties                                                                     (12,380)                —
  Loans repayment from third parties                                                           11,702                402
  Loans to third parties                                                                       (77,055)                —
  Additions of other intangible assets                                                       (281,601)           (79,619)
  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                       8,576             15,382
  Funds received from government grants                                                        12,045             18,289


Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                 (1,357,721)       (1,345,355)


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Proceeds from issue of shares                                                                     —                337
  Repurchase of convertible bonds                                                                   —         (2,377,953)
  Proceeds from issuances of bonds                                                   32             —          1,200,000
  Received capital injections from non-controlling shareholders                                 2,800               5,000
  Placement of pledged deposits                                                                 (1,307)            (8,479)
  Repayments of bank borrowings                                                             (2,797,048)         (803,239)
  Acquisition of treasury shares                                                             (242,448)                 —
  Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                             1,532,850          1,990,888
  Principal portion of lease payments                                                          (18,029)          (12,210)
  Dividend paid                                                                              (555,088)          (224,883)
  Interest paid                                                                              (175,086)          (122,437)


Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                 (2,253,356)         (352,976)


                                                                                               Annual Report 2024       95
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                 2024         2023
                                                                     Notes   RMB’000      RMB’000


 NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                         (409,819)    384,526
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                          2,611,161    2,151,746
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, net                          (58,691)     74,889


 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR                                2,142,651    2,611,161


 ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 Cash and bank balances                                               26     1,618,397    2,610,430
 Restricted cash                                                      26      524,254          731
 Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months       26      406,492       78,324


 Cash and bank balances as stated in the consolidated statement
     of financial position                                                   2,549,143    2,689,485
 Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months       26      (406,492)     (78,324)


 Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement
     of cash flows                                                           2,142,651    2,611,161




96       3SBIO INC.
                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                              31 December 2024




1. Corporate and group information

   3SBio Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under
   the Cayman Islands Companies Laws on 9 August 2006. The registered office address of the Company is Cricket Square,
   Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands. The Company’s shares were listed on the Main
   Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 11 June 2015.


   The Company is an investment holding company. During the year, the subsidiaries of the Company were principally engaged
   in the development, production, marketing and sale of biopharmaceutical products in the People’s Republic of China (the
   “PRC”) except for Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau (“Mainland China”).


   Information about subsidiaries


   Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:


                                            Place and date of        Nominal value            Percentage of
                                            incorporation/           of issued ordinary/    equity attributable
                                            registration and         registered              to the Company
    Company name                            place of operations      share capital           Direct       Indirect    Principal activities


    Collected Mind Limited                  British Virgin Islands   United States Dollar       100               —   Investment holding
      (“Collected Mind”)                    3 May 2006               (“USD”) 1
      (集思有限公司)


    3SBio LLC                               United States            USD5,366,867               100               —   Investment holding
                                            20 February 2009


    Strategic International Group Limited   British Virgin Islands   Euro                       100               —   Investment holding
      (“Strategic International”)           14 June 2017             (“EUR”) 50,000


    Gains Prestige Limited                  British Virgin Islands   Hong Kong Dollar           100               —   Investment holding
      (“Gains Prestige”)                    2 September 2014         (“HKD”) 8
      (澤威有限公司)


    Grand Path Holdings Limited             Hong Kong                HKD16,000,000              100               —   Investment holding
      (“Grand Path Holdings”)               13 May 2010


    3SBIO USA INC.*****                     United States            —                           —            100     Investment holding
                                            8 December 2021


                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024         97
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




1. Corporate and group information (continued)

     Information about subsidiaries (continued)


                                           Place and date of        Nominal value           Percentage of
                                           incorporation/           of issued ordinary/   equity attributable
                                           registration and         registered             to the Company
       Company name                        place of operations      share capital          Direct       Indirect   Principal activities


       Hongkong Sansheng Medical           Hong Kong                HKD2                       —            100    Trading and investment
         Limited (“Hongkong Sansheng”)     3 November 2009                                                           holding
         (香港三生醫藥有限公司)


       3SBIO AU PTY LTD                    Australia                Australian Dollar          —            100    Research and development of
         (澳洲三生有限公司)                        24 January 2024          (“AUD”) 100                                      bio-technology and drugs


       Ample Harvest Investments Limited   British Virgin Islands   USD10                      —            100    Investment holding
         (“Ample Harvest”)                 2 January 2003
         (溢豐投資有限公司)


       Jingsheng Pharmaceutical            PRC/Mainland China****   USD2,000,000               —            100    Technology services
         Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.   25 February 2021
         (競生醫藥技術（上海）有限公司)


       Guangdong Sunshine                  PRC/Mainland China***    Renminbi (“RMB”)           —            100    Manufacture and sale
         Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.          7 December 2016          110,000,000                                      of biopharmaceutical
         (“Guangdong Sunshine”)                                                                                      drugs and research and
         (廣東三生製藥有限公司)                                                                                                development


       Shenyang Sunshine Pharmaceutical    PRC/Mainland China****   RMB1,000,000,000           —            100    Manufacture and sale of
         Co., Ltd. (“Shenyang Sunshine”)   3 January 1993                                                            biopharmaceutical drugs
         (瀋陽三生製藥有限責任公司)                                                                                              and development


       Excel Partner Holdings Limited      Hong Kong                HKD1                       —            100    Investment holding
         (“Excel Partner”)                 8 July 2010
         (特隆控股有限公司)




98     3SBIO INC.
                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                        31 December 2024




1. Corporate and group information (continued)

   Information about subsidiaries (continued)


                                       Place and date of       Nominal value           Percentage of
                                       incorporation/          of issued ordinary/   equity attributable
                                       registration and        registered             to the Company
    Company name                       place of operations     share capital          Direct       Indirect     Principal activities


    Sirton Pharmaceuticals S.p.A.      Italy                   EUR300,000                 —            100      Manufacture and sale of
      (“Sirton”) (斯通製藥有限公司)            22 November 2010                                                           pharmaceutical drugs and
                                                                                                                  research and development


    3SBio (Hong Kong) Limited          Hong Kong               HKD1,000,000               —            100      Investment holding
      (三生制药（香港）有限公司)                   18 May 2023


    Shenzhen Baishitong Technology     PRC/Mainland China**    RMB500,000                 —            100      Investment holding
      Development Company Limited      8 March 2002
      (“Shenzhen Baishitong”)
      (深圳市百士通科技開發有限公司)


    Shenzhen Sciprogen Bio-            PRC/Mainland China***   RMB160,000,000             —            100      Manufacture and sale of
      pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.         22 March 1999                                                              pharmaceutical drugs and
      (“Sciprogen”)                                                                                               research and development
      (深圳賽保爾生物藥業有限公司)


    Taizhou Huan Sheng Consulting      PRC/Mainland China**    RMB1,000,000               —            100      Project management and
      Management Company Ltd.          29 December 2010                                                           consultation
      (泰州環晟諮詢管理有限公司)


    Taizhou Huan Sheng Healthcare      PRC/Mainland China**    RMB250,000,000             —                80   Investment holding
      Industry Investment Centre LLP   30 May 2011
      (“Taizhou Centre”)
      (泰州環晟健康產業投資中心
      （有限合夥）)




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024             99
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




1. Corporate and group information (continued)

      Information about subsidiaries (continued)


                                           Place and date of      Nominal value           Percentage of
                                           incorporation/         of issued ordinary/   equity attributable
                                           registration and       registered             to the Company
       Company name                        place of operations    share capital          Direct       Indirect   Principal activities


       Liaoning Sunshine Bio-              PRC/Mainland China**   RMB15,000,000              —            100    Distribution and sale of
         Pharmaceutical Company Ltd.       1 February 2000                                                          pharmaceutical drugs
         (“Liaoning Sunshine”)
         (遼寧三生醫藥有限公司)


       Liaoning Sansheng Private Equity    PRC/Mainland China**   RMB5,000,000               —            100    Investment holding
         Fund Management Co., Ltd.         24 January 2022
         (遼寧三生私募基金管理有限公司)


       Liaoning Sansheng Private           PRC/Mainland China**   RMB30,100,000              —        66.7774    Investment holding
         Investment Fund Partnership       16 June 2023
         (Limited Partnership)
         (遼寧三生私募投資基金合夥企業
         （有限合夥）)


       Shanghai Pudong Tianyu Investment   PRC/Mainland China**   RMB425,458,610             —            100    Investment advisory services
         Development Center (LP)           20 November 2014
         (上海浦東田羽投資發展中心
         （有限合夥）)


       Shenyang Jiasheng Agriculture       PRC/Mainland China**   RMB500,000                 —            100    Agricultural services
         Technology Co., Ltd.              18 November 2020
         (瀋陽嘉生農業科技有限責任公司)


       Shanghai Hongshang Investment       PRC/Mainland China**   RMB1,034,100,000           —            100    Investment holding
         Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai              5 November 2015
         Hongshang”)
         (上海翃熵投資諮詢有限公司)




100    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                         31 December 2024




1. Corporate and group information (continued)

   Information about subsidiaries (continued)


                                        Place and date of      Nominal value           Percentage of
                                        incorporation/         of issued ordinary/   equity attributable
                                        registration and       registered             to the Company
    Company name                        place of operations    share capital          Direct       Indirect     Principal activities


    Shanghai Xingsheng Pharmaceutical   PRC/Mainland China**   RMB410,000,000             —          96.25      Investment holding
      Company Limited (“Xing Sheng”)    23 December 1998
      (上海興生藥業有限公司)


    Shanghai Anran Bio-technology       PRC/Mainland China**   RMB10,000,000              —            100      Research and development
      Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Anran”)      21 December 2016                                                           of bio-technology and
      (上海安冉生物科技有限公司)                                                                                               drugs and sale of chemical
                                                                                                                   products


    Northern Medicine Valley Desen      PRC/Mainland China**   RMB3,830,000,000           —          90.34      Manufacture and sale
      (Shenyang) Biologics Co., Ltd.    26 February 2018                                                           of biopharmaceutical
      (“Desen Biologics”)                                                                                          drugs and research and
      (北方藥谷德生(瀋陽)生物科技                                                                                              development
      有限責任公司)


    Shanghai Baiike Biotechnology       PRC/Mainland China**   RMB1,000,000               —            100      Pharmaceutical research and
      Co., Ltd.                         4 January 2022                                                             development
      (上海柏艾克生物科技有限公司)


    Suzhou Xingsheng Pharmaceutical     PRC/Mainland China**   RMB100,000                 —            100      Manufacture and sale of
      Co., Ltd                          30 August 2021                                                             pharmaceutical drugs
      (蘇州興生製藥有限責任公司)


    Xinyisheng (Hainan) Commercial      PRC/Mainland China**   RMB30,000,000              —                60   Financial service
      Factoring Co., Ltd.               22 November 2022
      (信益生(海南)商業保理有限公司)




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024              101
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




1. Corporate and group information (continued)

      Information about subsidiaries (continued)


                                           Place and date of      Nominal value           Percentage of
                                           incorporation/         of issued ordinary/   equity attributable
                                           registration and       registered             to the Company
       Company name                        place of operations    share capital          Direct       Indirect   Principal activities


       Liaoning Sunshine Technology        PRC/Mainland China**   RMB10,000,000              —            100    Manufacture and sale of
         Development Co., Ltd.             3 February 2010                                                          medical devices
         (遼寧三生科技發展有限公司)


       Hangzhou Jiman Technology           PRC/Mainland China**   RMB3,000,000               —            100    Technical service
         Co., Ltd.                         7 May 2024
         (杭州吉縵科技有限責任公司)


       Hangzhou Shengman Technology        PRC/Mainland China**   RMB3,000,000               —            100    Technical service
         Co., Ltd.                         7 May 2024
         (杭州盛縵科技有限責任公司)


       Zhejiang Sunshine Mandi             PRC/Mainland China**   RMB56,500,000              —            100    Manufacture and sale of
         Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.          27 October 1997                                                          pharmaceutical drugs and
         (“Sunshine Mandi”)                                                                                         research and development
         (浙江三生蔓迪藥業有限公司)


       Shenyang Liaolan Sports Co., Ltd.   PRC/Mainland China**   RMB2,000,000               —            100    Sports services
         (瀋陽遼籃體育有限公司)                      5 September 2022


       Hangzhou Mandi Pharmacy             PRC/Mainland China**   RMB1,000,000               —            100    Distribution and sale of
         Co., Ltd.                         11 March 2021                                                            pharmaceutical drugs
         (杭州蔓迪大藥房有限公司)


       Hangzhou Mandi Huafa Clinic         PRC/Mainland China**   RMB500,000                 —            100    Clinic services
         Co., Ltd.                         30 March 2023
         (杭州蔓迪華髮診所有限公司)




102    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                         31 December 2024




1. Corporate and group information (continued)

   Information about subsidiaries (continued)


                                         Place and date of      Nominal value           Percentage of
                                         incorporation/         of issued ordinary/   equity attributable
                                         registration and       registered             to the Company
    Company name                         place of operations    share capital          Direct       Indirect     Principal activities


    Sunshine Mandi(Hangzhou)             PRC/Mainland China**   RMB5,000,000               —            100      Technical service
      Information Technology Co., Ltd.   25 April 2024
      (三生蔓迪（杭州）信息科技
      有限公司)


    Zhejiang Wansheng Pharmaceutical     PRC/Mainland China**   RMB10,000,000              —                90   Retail of pharmaceuticals
      Co., Ltd. (浙江萬晟醫藥有限公司)             11 September 2024


    Full Gain Pharmaceutical Limited     Hong Kong              HKD1                       —            100      Investment holding
      (“Full Gain”) (富健藥業有限公司)           6 October 2014


    Sunshine Guojian Pharmaceutical      PRC/Mainland China*    RMB616,785,793             —          80.89      Manufacture and sale
      (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.               25 January 2002                                                           of biopharmaceutical
      (“Sunshine Guojian”)                                                                                         drugs and research and
      (三生國健藥業（上海）股份                                                                                                development
      有限公司)


    Shanghai Shengguo Pharmaceutical     PRC/Mainland China**   RMB224,428,188             —          80.89      Technology services
      Development Co., Ltd.              29 January 2014
      (上海晟國醫藥發展有限公司)


    Sunshine Guojian Pharmaceutical      PRC/Mainland China**   RMB940,000,000             —          80.89      Manufacture and sale
      (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.                 25 November 2013                                                          of biopharmaceutical
      (三生國健藥業（蘇州）有限公司)                                                                                             drugs and research and
                                                                                                                   development




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024            103
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




1. Corporate and group information (continued)

      Information about subsidiaries (continued)


                                                    Place and date of              Nominal value           Percentage of
                                                    incorporation/                 of issued ordinary/   equity attributable
                                                    registration and               registered             to the Company
           Company name                             place of operations            share capital          Direct       Indirect   Principal activities


           Cn-Gen Mab Co., Ltd.                     Hong Kong                      HKD383,771,138             —          80.89    Distribution and sale of
              (“Cn-Gen Mab”)                        19 September 2012                                                                pharmaceutical drugs
              (中健抗體有限公司)


           Dansheng Pharmaceutical                  PRC/Mainland China**           RMB100,000                 —          80.89    Technology service
              Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd        14 July 2021
              (丹生醫藥技術（上海）有限公司)


           National Engineering Research            PRC/Mainland China**           RMB260,000,000             —          49.78    Manufacture and sale
              Center of Antibody Medicine           15 January 2009                                                                  of biopharmaceutical
              (“NERC”) (上海抗體藥物國家工程                                                                                                   drugs and research and
              研究中心有限公司)                                                                                                              development


      *         This subsidiary was registered as a joint-stock limited company under PRC law.


      **        These subsidiaries were registered as limited liability companies under PRC law.


      ***       These subsidiaries were registered as foreign-owned enterprises under PRC law.


      ****      These subsidiaries were registered as wholly-foreign owned enterprises under PRC law.


      *****     This subsidiary was deregistered on 29 November 2024.



      The English names of these companies registered in the PRC represent the best effort made by the management of the
      Company to directly translate their Chinese names as these companies have not register any official English names.


      The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results for
      the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”). To give
      details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.




104        3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies

   2.1 Basis of preparation


       These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
       (“IFRSs”) (which include all International Financial Reporting Standards, International Accounting Standards (“IASs”)
       and Interpretations) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the disclosure requirements
       of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for
       equity investments and certain financial assets which have been measured at fair value. These financial statements are
       presented in RMB and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.


       Basis of consolidation


       The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively
       referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2024. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured
       entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has
       rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its
       power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the
       investee).


       Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has less than a
       majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing
       whether it has power over an investee, including:


       (a)   the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;


       (b)   rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


       (c)   the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.


       The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
       consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains
       control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.


       Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent of the
       Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. All
       intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of
       the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024        105
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.1 Basis of preparation (continued)


           Basis of consolidation (continued)


           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes
           to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary,
           without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.


           If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill), any non-controlling
           interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and recognises the fair value of any investment retained and any resulting
           surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive
           income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the
           Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.


      2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures


           The Group has adopted the following revised IFRS Accounting Standards for the first time for the current year’s financial
           statements.


           Amendments to IFRS 16                     Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
           Amendments to IAS 1                       Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the “2020 Amendments”)
           Amendments to IAS 1                       Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)
           Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7            Supplier Finance Arrangements


           The nature and the impact of the revised IFRS Accounting Standards that are described below:


           (a)     Amendments to IFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability arising
                   in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of the gain or loss
                   that relates to the right of use it retains. Since the Group has no sale and leaseback transactions with variable
                   lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate occurring from the date of initial application of IFRS 16,
                   the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.




106    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                        31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (continued)


       (b)   The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current, including what
             is meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting period.
             Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement. The
             amendments also clarify that a liability can be settled in its own equity instruments, and that only if a conversion
             option in a convertible liability is itself accounted for as an equity instrument would the terms of a liability not
             impact its classification. The 2022 Amendments further clarify that, among covenants of a liability arising from
             a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect the
             classification of that liability as current or non-current. Additional disclosures are required for non-current liabilities
             that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12 months after the reporting period.


             The Group has reassessed the terms and conditions of its liabilities as at 1 January 2023 and 2024 and
             concluded that the classification of its liabilities as current or non-current remained unchanged upon initial
             application of the amendments. Accordingly, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position
             or performance of the Group.


       (c)   Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and require
             additional disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments are intended to
             assist users of financial statements in understanding the effects of supplier finance arrangements on an entity’s
             liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. As the Group does not have supplier finance arrangements,
             the amendments did not have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024         107
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.3 Issued but not yet effective IFRS accounting standards


           The Group has not applied the following new and revised IFRS Accounting Standards, that have been issued but are
           not yet effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these new and revised IFRS Accounting
           Standards, if applicable, when they become effective.


           IFRS 18                                                      Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
           IFRS 19                                                      Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures3
           Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                              Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                                           Financial Instruments2
           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                            Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
           Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                             Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or
                                                                           Joint Venture4
           Amendments to IAS 21                                         Lack of Exchangeability1
           Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting                       Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 72
               Standards — Volume 11

           1
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
           2
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
           3
                   Effective for annual/reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
           4
                   No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption



           Further information about those IFRS Accounting Standards that are expected to be applicable to the Group is
           described below.




108    3SBIO INC.
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                               31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.3 Issued but not yet effective IFRS accounting standards (continued)


       IFRS 18 replaces IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. While a number of sections have been brought forward
       from IAS 1 with limited changes, IFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation within the statement of
       profit or loss, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all income and expenses within
       the statement of profit or loss into one of the five categories: operating, investing, financing, income taxes and
       discontinued operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures about management-
       defined performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced requirements on the grouping (aggregation
       and disaggregation) and the location of information in both the primary financial statements and the notes. Some
       requirements previously included in IAS 1 are moved to IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates
       and Errors, which is renamed as IAS 8 Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements. As a consequence of the issuance
       of IFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable, amendments are made to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, IAS 33 Earnings
       per Share and IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. In addition, there are minor consequential amendments to other IFRS
       Accounting Standards. IFRS 18 and the consequential amendments to other IFRS Accounting Standards are effective
       for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 with earlier application permitted. Retrospective application
       is required. The Group is currently analysing the new requirements and assessing the impact of IFRS 18 on the
       presentation and disclosure of the Group’s financial statements.


       IFRS 19 allows eligible entities to elect to apply reduced disclosure requirements while still applying the recognition,
       measurement and presentation requirements in other IFRS Accounting Standards. To be eligible, at the end of the
       reporting period, an entity must be a subsidiary as defined in IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements, cannot have
       public accountability and must have a parent (ultimate or intermediate) that prepares consolidated financial statements
       available for public use which comply with IFRS Accounting Standards. Earlier application is permitted. As the Company is
       a listed company, it is not eligible to elect to apply IFRS 19.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024       109
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.3 Issued but not yet effective IFRS accounting standards (continued)


           Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 clarify the date on which a financial asset or financial liability is derecognised and
           introduce an accounting policy option to derecognise a financial liability that is settled through an electronic payment
           system before the settlement date if specified criteria are met. The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual
           cash flow characteristics of financial assets with environmental, social and governance and other similar contingent
           features. Moreover, the amendments clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets with non-recourse features
           and contractually linked instruments. The amendments also include additional disclosures for investments in equity
           instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial instruments with contingent
           features. The amendments shall be applied retrospectively with an adjustment to opening retained profits (or other
           component of equity) at the initial application date. Prior periods are not required to be restated and can only be
           restated without the use of hindsight. Earlier application of either all the amendments at the same time or only the
           amendments related to the classification of financial assets is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any
           significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


           On 18 December 2024, the IASB published Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 — Contracts Referencing Nature-
           dependent Electricity. The amendments clarify the application of the “own-use” requirements for in-scope contracts.
           Amend the designation requirements for a hedged item in a cash flow hedging relationship for in-scope contracts. Add
           new disclosure requirements. The effective date of the amendments is for annual reporting periods beginning on or after
           1 January 2026, with early application permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on
           the Group’s financial statements.


           Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in IFRS 10 and in IAS 28 in
           dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. The amendments
           require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a downstream transaction when the sale or contribution of assets
           constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or loss resulting from
           the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investor’s interest in that
           associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of
           amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 was removed by the IASB. However, the amendments are available for adoption
           now.




110    3SBIO INC.
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                              31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.3 Issued but not yet effective IFRS accounting standards (continued)


       Amendments to IAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another currency
       and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking. The
       amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to understand the impact
       of a currency not being exchangeable. Earlier application is permitted. When applying the amendments, an entity
       cannot restate comparative information. Any cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments shall be recognised
       as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or to the cumulative amount of translation differences
       accumulated in a separate component of equity, where appropriate, at the date of initial application. The amendments
       are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


       Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11 set out amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7 (and the
       accompanying Guidance on implementing IFRS 7), IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 7. Details of the amendments that are
       expected to be applicable to the Group are as follows:


       •     IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures: The amendments have updated certain wording in paragraph B38
             of IFRS 7 and paragraphs IG1, IG14 and IG20B of the Guidance on implementing IFRS 7 for the purpose of
             simplification or achieving consistency with other paragraphs in the standard and/or with the concepts and
             terminology used in other standards. In addition, the amendments clarify that the Guidance on implementing
             IFRS 7 does not necessarily illustrate all the requirements in the referenced paragraphs of IFRS 7 nor does it
             create additional requirements. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any
             significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


       •     IFRS 9 Financial Instruments: The amendments clarify that when a lessee has determined that a lease liability
             has been extinguished in accordance with IFRS 9, the lessee is required to apply paragraph 3.3.3 of IFRS 9 and
             recognise any resulting gain or loss in profit or loss. In addition, the amendments have updated certain wording
             in paragraph 5.1.3 of IFRS 9 and Appendix A of IFRS 9 to remove potential confusion. Earlier application is
             permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


       •     IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements: The amendments clarify that the relationship described in paragraph
             B74 of IFRS 10 is just one example of various relationships that might exist between the investor and other parties
             acting as de facto agents of the investor, which removes the inconsistency with the requirement in paragraph
             B73 of IFRS 10. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact
             on the Group’s financial statements.


       •     IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows: The amendments replace the term “cost method” with “at cost” in paragraph
             37 of IAS 7 following the prior deletion of the definition of “cost method”. Earlier application is permitted. The
             amendments are not expected to have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.

                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024       111
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies


           Investments in associates and joint ventures


           An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of the equity voting
           rights and over which it has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and
           operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.


           A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights
           to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement,
           which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing
           control.


           The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position
           at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses.


           The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures is
           included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive income, respectively. In
           addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate or joint venture, the Group
           recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Unrealised
           gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates or joint ventures are eliminated
           to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates or joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide
           evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is
           included as part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint ventures.


           If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is not
           remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method. In all other case, upon
           loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group measures and recognises
           any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture
           upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from
           disposal is recognised in profit or loss.


           When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for in accordance
           with IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.




112    3SBIO INC.
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                  31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Business combinations and goodwill


       Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured at
       the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the Group,
       liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in
       exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-
       controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
       All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as
       incurred.


       The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes an input
       and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.


       When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate
       classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent
       conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of the
       acquiree.


       If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its acquisition date
       fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as appropriate.


       Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.
       Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised
       in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is
       accounted for within equity.


       Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the amount
       recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interests in the acquiree
       over the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items is lower
       than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a gain
       on bargain purchase.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024        113
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Business combinations and goodwill (continued)


           After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is tested for
           impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be
           impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31 December. For the purpose of impairment
           testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s
           cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the
           combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of
           units.


           Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating
           units) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-
           generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss recognised for
           goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.


           Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and part of the
           operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the
           carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in these
           circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and the portion of the cash-
           generating unit retained.


           Fair value measurement


           The Group measures its equity investments at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that
           would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
           the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset
           or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal
           market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must
           be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market
           participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best
           interest.




114    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Fair value measurement (continued)


       A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic
       benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset
       in its highest and best use.


       The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are
       available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable
       inputs.


       All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
       within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
       measurement as a whole:


       Level 1 —     based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities


       Level 2 —     based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                     measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly


       Level 3 —     based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                     measurement is unobservable


       For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines
       whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the lowest
       level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.


       Impairment of non-financial assets


       Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other than
       inventories, contact assets, deferred tax assets, investment properties and non-current assets/a disposal group
       classified as held for sale), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher
       of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an
       individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets
       or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset
       belongs.


                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024        115
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Impairment of non-financial assets (continued)


           In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a
           headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and
           consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.


           An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing
           value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
           reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is
           charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the
           function of the impaired asset.


           An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
           recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the recoverable
           amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there
           has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount
           higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no
           impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to the
           statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises.


           Related parties


           A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


           (a)     the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person


                   (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


                   (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


                   (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;




116    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                         31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Related parties (continued)


       or


       (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:


             (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


             (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of
                      the other entity);


             (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


             (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;


             (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                      related to the Group; and the sponsoring employers of the post-employment benefit plan;


             (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


             (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                      personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and


             (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to
                      the Group or to the parent of the Group.


       Property, plant and equipment and depreciation


       Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation
       and any impairment losses. When an item of property, plant and equipment is classified as held for sale or when it is
       part of a disposal group classified as held for sale, it is not depreciated and is accounted for in accordance with IFRS 5,
       as further explained in the accounting policy for “Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale”. The cost of an
       item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the
       asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024       117
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Property, plant and equipment and depreciation (continued)


           Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and
           maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations
           where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount
           of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced
           at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them
           accordingly.


           Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write-off the cost of each item of property, plant and equipment
           to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives used for this purpose are as follows:


           Land and buildings                                                                                             10 to 50 years
           Plant and machinery                                                                                              3 to 20 years
           Furniture and fixtures                                                                                           3 to 10 years
           Motor vehicles                                                                                                   4 to 10 years


           Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated
           on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives and the
           depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.


           An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon
           disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or
           retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between
           the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.


           Construction in progress is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. It is reclassified to the
           appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.




118    3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                      31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Intangible assets (other than goodwill)


       Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired
       in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed
       to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the useful economic
       life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The
       amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at
       each financial year end.


       Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the cash-
       generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life of an intangible asset with an indefinite life is
       reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the change in
       the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a prospective basis.


       Intangible assets are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the straight-line basis over their
       estimated useful lives. The principal estimated useful lives of intangible assets are as follows:


       Exclusive distribution right                                                                                       5 to 25 years
       Patents                                                                                                            5 to 20 years
       Technology know-how                                                                                               14 to 25 years
       Others                                                                                                           1 to 16.7 years
       In Progress Research and Development (“IPR&D”)                                                               Indefinite useful life


       Research and development costs


       All research costs are charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.


       Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group can
       demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale, its
       intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future economic benefits,
       the availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the
       development. Product development expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.


       Deferred development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised using the straight-line
       basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products, commencing from the date when the products are put into
       commercial production.

                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024          119
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Leases


           The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a
           lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
           consideration.


           Group as a lessee


           The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and
           leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets
           representing the right to use the underlying assets.


           (a)     Right-of-use assets


                   Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying asset is
                   available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation and any impairment
                   losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the
                   amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the
                   commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line
                   basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:


                   Leasehold land                                                                                        30 to 50 years
                   Buildings                                                                                                 1 to 15 years


                   If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the
                   exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.




120    3SBIO INC.
                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                             31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Leases (continued)


       Group as a lessee (continued)


       (b)   Lease liabilities


             Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease payments to
             be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments)
             less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts
             expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of
             a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for termination
             of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease
             payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the
             event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.


             In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
             lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the
             commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced
             for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a
             modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments
             resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase the underlying
             asset.


       (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets


             The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of certain buildings (that
             is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain
             a purchase option). It also applies the recognition exemption for leases of low-value assets to leases of office
             equipment that are considered to be of low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value
             assets are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024       121
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Leases (continued)


           Group as a lessor


           When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of its leases as
           either an operating lease or a finance lease.


           Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset
           are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates
           the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is
           accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in revenue in the statement of profit or loss
           due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to
           the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income.
           Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.


           Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee
           are accounted for as finance leases.


           Investments and other financial assets


           Initial recognition and measurement


           Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through
           other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.


           The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
           characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not
           contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting
           the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus in the
           case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain
           a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the
           transaction price determined under IFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.




122    3SBIO INC.
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                 31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Investments and other financial assets (continued)


       Initial recognition and measurement (continued)


       In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive
       income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal
       amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through
       profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.


       The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to
       generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash
       flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held within
       a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial
       assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with
       the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the
       aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.


       Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation
       or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group commits to
       purchase or sell the asset.


       Subsequent measurement


       The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


       Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)


       Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject to
       impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified
       or impaired.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024       123
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Investments and other financial assets (continued)


           Subsequent measurement (continued)


           Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)


           For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign exchange revaluation
           and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in the statement of profit or loss and computed in the same
           manner as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value changes are recognised in other
           comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognised in other comprehensive
           income is recycled to the statement of profit or loss.


           Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity investments)


           Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments
           designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the definition of equity under IAS 32
           Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an instrument-by-
           instrument basis.


           Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss. Dividends are
           recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, except
           when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case,
           such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at fair value through other
           comprehensive income are not subject to impairment assessment.


           Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss


           Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with net
           changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


           This category includes derivative instruments and other unlisted investments. Dividends on the equity investments are
           also recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established.




124    3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                     31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Investments and other financial assets (continued)


       Subsequent measurement (continued)


       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (continued)


       A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from the host
       and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to the host;
       a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative; and
       the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value
       with changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is a change in
       the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the cash flows.


       A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for separately. The
       financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its entirety as a financial asset
       at fair value through profit or loss.


       Derecognition of financial assets


       A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily
       derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:


       •     the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or


       •     the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the
             received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either
             (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither
             transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.


       When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through
       arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When it
       has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset,
       the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that
       case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured
       on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.


                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024         125
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Derecognition of financial assets (continued)


           Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the
           original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to
           repay.


           Impairment of financial assets


           The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at fair value
           through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with
           the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original
           effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit
           enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.


           General approach


           ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit
           risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within
           the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in
           credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the
           exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).


           At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly
           since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the
           financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date
           of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort,
           including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers that there has been a significant increase in
           credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.


           The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain
           cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates
           that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit
           enhancements held by the Group.


           A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.


126    3SBIO INC.
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                  31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Impairment of financial assets (continued)


       General approach (continued)


       Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within
       the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables which apply the simplified approach as
       detailed below.


       Stage 1 —      Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and for
                      which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs


       Stage 2 —      Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that are
                      not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                      lifetime ECLs


       Stage 3 —      Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or originated
                      credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs


       Simplified approach


       For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the practical
       expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the simplified approach
       in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead
       recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision
       matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors
       and the economic environment.


       For trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and lease receivables, the Group chooses as its
       accounting policy to adopt the simplified approach in calculating ECLs with policies as described above.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024        127
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Financial liabilities


           Initial recognition and measurement


           Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and
           borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.


           All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of
           directly attributable transaction costs.


           The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and bills payables, financial liabilities included in other payables and
           accruals, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, convertible bonds, bonds payable and lease liabilities.


           Subsequent measurement


           The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:


           Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade and other payables, and borrowings)


           After initial recognition, trade and other payables, and interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently measured at
           amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which
           case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the liabilities are
           derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.


           Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are
           an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs in the
           statement of profit or loss.




128    3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Derecognition of financial liabilities


       A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.


       When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the
       terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition
       of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is
       recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


       Offsetting of financial instruments


       Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial position if
       there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net
       basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.


       Derivative financial instruments


       Initial recognition and subsequent measurement


       The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts, to hedge its foreign currency
       risk. Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract
       is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as assets when the fair value is
       positive and as liabilities when the fair value is negative.


       Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of derivatives are taken directly to the statement of profit or loss.


       Treasury shares


       Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury shares) are recognised
       directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in the statement of profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or
       cancellation of the Group’s own equity instruments.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024        129
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Inventories


           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on a weighted average basis
           and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate
           proportion of overheads. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be
           incurred to completion and disposal.


           Cash and cash equivalents


           Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks, and short-term
           highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily convertible into known amounts
           of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash
           commitments.


           For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and
           at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an
           integral part of the Group’s cash management.


           Provisions


           A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event and it is
           probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a reliable estimate can
           be made of the amount of the obligation.


           When the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, the reimbursement is recognised as a separate
           asset, but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain. The expense relating to a provision is presented in the
           statement of profit or loss net of any reimbursement.


           When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the end of
           the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The increase in the
           discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in the statement of profit
           or loss.




130    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Income tax


       Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is
       recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.


       Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation
       authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
       reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group
       operates.


       Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting period
       between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes, except that
       deferred tax is not recognised for the Pillar Two income taxes.


       Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:


       •      when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction
             that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor
             taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and


       •      in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
             ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the
             temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024        131
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Income tax (continued)


           Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits
           and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be
           available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused
           tax losses can be utilised, except:


           •       when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial recognition of
                   an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects
                   neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
                   temporary differences; and


           •       in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
                   ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences
                   will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences
                   can be utilised.


           The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent
           that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to
           be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised
           to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred
           tax asset to be recovered.


           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset
           is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by
           the end of the reporting period.


           Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off
           current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes
           levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either
           to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously,
           in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or
           recovered.




132    3SBIO INC.
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                               31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Government grants


       Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received
       and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income
       on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.


       Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is released to the
       statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual instalments or deducted
       from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the statement of profit or loss by way of a reduced depreciation
       charge.


       Where the Group receives grants of non-monetary assets, the grants are recorded at the fair value of the non-monetary
       assets and released to the statement of profit or loss over the expected useful lives of the relevant assets by equal
       annual instalments.


       Where the Group receives government loans granted with no or at a below-market rate of interest for the construction
       of a qualifying asset, the initial carrying amount of the government loans is determined using the effective interest rate
       method, as further explained in the accounting policy for “Financial liabilities” above. The benefit of the government
       loans granted with no or at a below-market rate of interest, which is the difference between the initial carrying value of
       the loans and the proceeds received, is treated as a government grant and released to the statement of profit or loss
       over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual instalments.


       Revenue recognition


       Revenue from contracts with customers


       Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the customers
       at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
       services.


       When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to which
       the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable consideration
       is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the
       amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration
       is subsequently resolved.


                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024       133
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Revenue recognition (continued)


           Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)


           When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of financing
           the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the present value of
           the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction
           between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component which
           provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract
           includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract
           where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year
           or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical
           expedient in IFRS 15.


           (a)     Sale of biopharmaceutical products


                   Revenue from the sale of biopharmaceutical products is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is
                   transferred to the customer, generally upon receipt of the biopharmaceutical products by customers.


                   Some contracts for the sale of biopharmaceutical products provide customers with rights of return and trade
                   discounts, giving rise to variable consideration.


                   (i)   Rights of return


                         For contracts which provide a customer with a right to return the goods within a specified period, the
                         expected value method is used to estimate the goods that will not be returned because this method best
                         predicts the amount of variable consideration to which the Group will be entitled. The requirements in
                         IFRS 15 on constraining estimates of variable consideration are applied in order to determine the amount
                         of variable consideration that can be included in the transaction price. For goods that are expected to be
                         returned, instead of revenue, a refund liability is recognised. A right-of-return asset (and the corresponding
                         adjustment to cost of sales) is also recognised for the right to recover products from a customer.




134    3SBIO INC.
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                 31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Revenue recognition (continued)


       Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)


       (a)   Sale of biopharmaceutical products (continued)


             (ii)   Trade discounts


                    Retrospective trade discounts may be provided to certain customers if they pay on a timely basis. Trade
                    discounts are offset against amounts payable by the customer. To estimate the variable consideration for
                    the expected future trade discounts, the most likely amount method is used for contracts with the expected
                    value method for contracts. The selected method that best predicts the amount of variable consideration
                    is primarily driven by the credit of customers. The requirements on constraining estimates of variable
                    consideration are applied and a refund liability for the expected future rebates is recognised.


       (b)   Contracts for services


             Revenue from the provision of technical services is recognised at the point in time when control of services or
             goods related to services is transferred to the customer.


       (c)   Licensing revenue


             The Group provides licences of its intellectual property (“IP”) or commercialisation licences to customers and the
             revenue is recognised when the customers obtain rights to use the underlying IP or licences. Licensing revenue is
             recognised at a point of time upon the customer obtains control of IP.


             The consideration for licences comprises a fixed element (the upfront payment) and variable elements (including
             development milestones and royalties).


             The Group would not undertake activities which significantly affect the licences. Thus, the customers get a right
             to use the licences and the revenue is recognised at a point in time. Upfront payment is recognised as revenue
             when customers have ability to use the underlying IP or licences and the variable elements are included in the
             transaction price when the Group can conclude that it is highly probable that there will not be a significant
             reversal of revenue.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024      135
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Revenue recognition (continued)


           Revenue from other sources


           Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease payments that do not
           depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are incurred.


           Other income


           Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that exactly
           discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, when
           appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


           Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is probable
           that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be
           measured reliably.


           Contract assets


           If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before being unconditionally entitled to the
           consideration under the contract terms, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is conditional.
           Contract assets are subject to impairment assessment, details of which are included in the accounting policies for
           impairment of financial assets. They are reclassified to trade receivables when the right to the consideration becomes
           unconditional.


           Contract liabilities


           A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received, or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a customer
           before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group
           performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the customer).




136    3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                      31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Contract costs


       Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, costs
       incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are met:


       (a)   The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify.


       (b)   The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy)
             performance obligations in the future.


       (c)   The costs are expected to be recovered.


       The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to the statement of profit or loss on a systematic basis that
       is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates. Other contract costs
       are expensed as incurred.


       Right-of-return assets


       A right-of-return asset is recognised for the right to recover the goods expected to be returned by customers. The asset
       is measured at the former carrying amount of the goods to be returned, less any expected costs to recover the goods
       and any potential decreases in the value of the returned goods. The Group updates the measurement of the asset for
       any revisions to the expected level of returns and any additional decreases in the value of the returned goods.


       Refund liabilities


       A refund liability is recognised for the obligation to refund some or all of the consideration received (or receivable) from a
       customer and is measured at the amount the Group ultimately expects it will have to return to the customer. The Group
       updates its estimates of refund liabilities (and the corresponding change in the transaction price) at the end of each
       reporting period.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024       137
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Share-based payments


           The Company operates a share option scheme. Employees (including directors) of the Group receive remuneration in
           the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services in exchange for equity instruments (“equity-
           settled transactions”). The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair
           value of the equity instruments at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external valuer
           using a binomial model, further details of which are given in note 35 to the financial statements.


           The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with a corresponding
           increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled. The cumulative
           expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting period until the vesting date reflects the
           extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that
           will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the statement of profit or loss for a period represents the movement in the
           cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period.


           Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair
           value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best estimate of the
           number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are reflected within the grant date
           fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an associated service requirement, are considered to
           be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an immediate
           expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or performance conditions.


           For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not been met,
           no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the transactions are treated as
           vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and/
           or service conditions are satisfied.


           Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the terms had
           not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognised for any modification
           that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured
           at the date of modification. Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of
           cancellation, and any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately.


           The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of earnings per
           share.


138    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                               31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Other employee benefits


       Pension scheme


       The Group’s subsidiaries operating in Mainland China participate in a central defined contribution retirement benefit plan
       managed by the local municipal government in the locations in which they operate. Contributions are made based on a
       percentage of the companies’ payroll costs and are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable
       in accordance with the rules of the central defined contribution retirement benefit plan.


       The Group’s subsidiary in Hong Kong participates in the defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement
       benefit scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) in Hong Kong under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for its
       employees. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are charged to the
       statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of
       the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group’s
       employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.


       Defined benefit plan


       The Group operates a defined benefit pension plan which requires contributions to be made to a separately
       administered fund. The benefits are unfunded. The cost of providing benefits under the defined benefit plan is
       determined using the projected unit credit actuarial valuation method.


       Remeasurements arising from the defined benefit pension plan, comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of
       the asset ceiling (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability) and the return on plan
       assets (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability), are recognised immediately in
       the consolidated statement of financial position with a corresponding debit or credit to retained profits through other
       comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in
       subsequent periods.


       Past service costs are recognised in profit or loss at the earlier of:


       •      the date of the plan amendment or curtailment; and


       •      the date that the Group recognises restructuring-related costs




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024       139
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Other employee benefits (continued)


           Defined benefit plan (continued)


           Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or asset. The Group recognises
           the following changes in the net defined benefit obligation under “cost of sales” and “administrative expenses” in the
           consolidated statement of profit or loss by function:


           •       service costs comprising current service costs, past-service costs, gains and losses on curtailments and non-
                   routine settlements


           •       net interest expense or income


           Termination benefits


           Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits
           and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.


           Borrowing costs


           Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, i.e., assets that
           necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised as part of the
           cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases when the assets are substantially ready for their
           intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs
           consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.


           Events after the reporting period


           If the Group receives information after the reporting period, but prior to the date of authorisation for issue, about
           conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period, it will assess whether the information affects the amounts
           that it recognises in its financial statements. The Group will adjust the amounts recognised in its financial statements
           to reflect any adjusting events after the reporting period and update the disclosures that relate to those conditions in
           light of the new information. For non-adjusting events after the reporting period, the Group will not change the amounts
           recognised in its financial statements, but will disclose the nature of the non-adjusting events and an estimate of their
           financial effects, or a statement that such an estimate cannot be made, if applicable.


140    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Dividends


       Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting. Proposed
       final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and
       declared, because the Company’s memorandum and articles of association grant the directors the authority to declare
       interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and
       declared.


       Foreign currencies


       These financial statements are presented in RMB. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and
       items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency
       transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency
       rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
       translated at the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on
       settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


       Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in the statement of profit or loss with
       the exception of monetary items that are designated as part of the hedge of the Group’s net investment of a foreign
       operation. These are recognised in other comprehensive income until the net investment is disposed of, at which time
       the cumulative amount is reclassified to the statement of profit or loss. Tax charges and credits attributable to exchange
       differences on those monetary items are also recorded in other comprehensive income.


       Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
       exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency
       are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising on
       translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on
       change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other
       comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).


       In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the derecognition of
       a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date of initial transaction is the
       date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance
       consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each
       payment or receipt of the advance consideration.


                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024        141
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Foreign currencies (continued)


           The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries and associates are currencies other than the RMB. As at
           the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into RMB at the exchange
           rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the
           exchange rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions.


           The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the exchange
           fluctuation reserve, except to the extent that the differences are attributable to non-controlling interests. On disposal of
           a foreign operation, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the
           statement of profit or loss.


           Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of
           assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at
           the closing rate.


           For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are translated
           into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows of overseas
           subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for the
           year.




142    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                   31 December 2024




3. Significant accounting judgements and estimates

   The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions
   that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the
   disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could
   require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.


   Judgements


   In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart from
   those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:


   Revenue from contracts with customers


   The Group applied the following judgements that significantly affect the determination of the amount and timing of revenue
   from contracts with `customers:


   Determining the method to estimate variable consideration and assessing the constraint for the sale of
   biopharmaceutical products


   Certain contracts for the sale of biopharmaceutical products include a right of return and trade discounts that give rise to
   variable consideration. In estimating the variable consideration, the Group is required to use either the expected value method
   or the most likely amount method based on which method better predicts the amount of consideration to which it will be
   entitled.


   The Group determined that the expected value method is the appropriate method to use in estimating the variable
   consideration for the sale of biopharmaceutical products with rights of return, given the large number of customer contracts
   that have similar characteristics. In estimating the variable consideration for the sale of biopharmaceutical products with trade
   discounts, the Group determined that using a combination of the most likely amount method and the expected value method
   is appropriate. The selected method that better predicts the amount of variable consideration related to trade discounts is
   primarily driven by the credit of customers contained in the contract.


   Before including any amount of variable consideration in the transaction price, the Group considers whether the amount of
   variable consideration is constrained. The Group determined that the estimates of variable consideration are not constrained
   based on its historical experience, business forecast and the current economic conditions. In addition, the uncertainty on the
   variable consideration will be resolved within a short time frame.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024     143
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




3 Significant accounting judgements and estimates (continued)

      Judgements (continued)


      Deferred tax assets


      Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available
      against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred
      tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits, together with future tax
      planning strategies.


      The Group has tax losses of RMB2,574,043,000 (2023: RMB2,192,086,000) carried forward. These losses related to
      subsidiaries that have a history of losses, have not expired, and may not be used to offset taxable income elsewhere in the
      Group. The subsidiaries have neither any taxable temporary difference nor any tax planning opportunities available that could
      partly support the recognition of these losses as deferred tax assets. On this basis, the Group has determined that it cannot
      recognise deferred tax assets on the tax losses carried forward.


      Tax provisions


      Determining tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The Group carefully
      evaluates tax implications of transactions, and tax provisions are set up accordingly. The tax treatment of such transactions is
      assessed periodically to take into account all the changes in the tax legislation and practices.


      Determination of control over an entity


      The Group considers that it has no control over an entity even through it has more than 50% of the voting rights. Based on
      the assessment following the basis of consolidation and accounting policies set out in notes 2.1 and 2.4, respectively, the
      Group has not consolidated an entity that it has no control. For the investment that the Group has significant influence, it is
      accounted for as an associate in accordance with IAS 28 Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures.




144    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2024




3 Significant accounting judgements and estimates (continued)

   Estimation uncertainty


   The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period,
   that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
   financial year, are described below.


   Variable consideration for returns and trade discounts


   The Group estimates variable consideration to be included in the transaction price for the sale of biopharmaceutical products
   with rights of return and trade discounts.


   The Group has developed a statistical model for forecasting sales returns. The model used the historical return data of each
   product to estimate expected return percentages. These percentages are applied to determine the expected value of the
   variable consideration. Any significant changes in experience as compared to the historical return pattern will impact the
   expected return percentages estimated by the Group.


   Impairment of goodwill


   The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of the value in
   use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use requires the Group to make an
   estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash-generating units and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order
   to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at 31 December 2024 was approximately
   RMB4,252,618,000 (2023: RMB4,199,458,000). Further details are given in note 16 to the financial statements.


   Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables


   The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are based on ageing for
   groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type).


   The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate the matrix to
   adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if forecast economic conditions (i.e.,
   gross domestic products) are expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in
   the manufacturing sector, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates
   are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024       145
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




3 Significant accounting judgements and estimates (continued)

      Estimation uncertainty (continued)


      Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables (continued)


      The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is a
      significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast economic conditions. The
      Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of a customer’s
      actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade receivables is disclosed in note 23 to the
      financial statements.


      Leases — Estimating the incremental borrowing rate


      The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an incremental borrowing rate
      (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar
      term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar
      economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the Group “would have to pay”, which requires estimation when
      no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or when it needs to
      be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease (for example, when leases are not in the subsidiary’s functional
      currency). The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required
      to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary’s stand-alone credit rating).


      Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)


      The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at the end of each reporting
      period. Indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually and at other times when such an indicator exists.
      Other non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be
      recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable
      amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The calculation of the fair value less
      costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales transactions in an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or
      observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. When value in use calculations are undertaken,
      management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the asset or cash-generating unit and choose a suitable
      discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.




146    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                  31 December 2024




3 Significant accounting judgements and estimates (continued)

   Estimation uncertainty (continued)


   Fair value of unlisted equity investments


   The unlisted equity investments have been valued based on a market-based valuation technique as detailed in note 44 to
   the financial statements. The valuation requires the Group to determine the comparable public companies (peers) and select
   the price multiple. In addition, the Group makes estimates about the discount for illiquidity and size differences. The Group
   classifies the fair value of these investments as Level 3. The fair value of the unlisted equity investments at 31 December 2024
   was RMB536,840,000 (2023: RMB417,591,000). Further details are included in note 20 to the financial statements.


   Development costs


   Development costs are capitalised in accordance with the accounting policy for research and development costs in note 2.4
   to the financial statements. Determining the amounts to be capitalised requires management to make assumptions regarding
   the expected future cash generation of the assets, discount rates to be applied and the expected period of benefits. At 31
   December 2024, the best estimate of the carrying amount of capitalised development costs was RMB354,815,000 (2023:
   RMB159,171,000).


   Estimation of inventory provision


   The Group recognises a provision for inventories when the cost of inventories exceeds the net realisable value. The assessment
   of inventory provision requires management estimates on the future selling price and future cost to be incurred on the
   inventories. Where the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the original estimate, such differences will
   impact on the carrying value of inventories and provision charge/write-back of provision. The Group also reviews the condition
   of the inventories of the Group and makes provision for obsolete inventory items identified that were no longer suitable for
   sale.


   Share-based payments


   The Group measures the cost of equity-settled transactions with employees by reference to the fair value of the equity
   instruments at the date at which they are granted. Estimating fair value requires determining the most appropriate valuation
   model for a grant of equity instruments, which is dependent on the terms and conditions of the grant. This also requires
   determining the most appropriate inputs to the valuation model including the expected life of the option, volatility and dividend
   yield and making assumptions about them. Details of share-based payments are contained in note 35 to the financial
   statements.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024       147
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




3 Significant accounting judgements and estimates (continued)

      Estimation uncertainty (continued)


      Useful lives, residual values and depreciation of property, plant and equipment


      The Group determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for the Group’s property, plant and
      equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment of
      similar nature and functions. The Group will revise the depreciation charges where useful lives are different to those previously
      estimated, or it will write-off or write-down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.
      Actual economic lives may differ from estimated useful lives; and actual residual values may differ from estimated residual
      values. Periodic review could result in a change in depreciable lives and residual values and therefore depreciation expenses
      in the future periods.


      Useful lives and residual values of other intangible assets


      The Group’s management determines the useful lives, residual values and related amortisation charges for its other intangible
      assets. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of other intangible assets of similar nature
      and functions and may vary significantly as a result of technical innovations and keen competitions from competitors, resulting
      in higher amortisation charge and/or write-off or write-down of technically obsolete assets when useful lives are less than
      previously estimated. The Group will increase the amortisation charges where useful lives are less than previously estimated
      lives, or will write-off or write-down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.




148    3SBIO INC.
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                              31 December 2024




4. Operating segment information

   The Group has only one operating segment, which is the development, production, marketing and sale of biopharmaceutical
   products.


   Geographical information


   (a)   Revenue from external customers


                                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000


          Mainland China                                                                        8,850,696          7,598,511
          Others                                                                                  257,282            217,427


          Total revenue                                                                         9,107,978          7,815,938


         The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.


   (b)   Non-current assets


                                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000


          Mainland China                                                                      10,169,932           9,371,178
          Others                                                                                1,960,625          2,249,492


          Total non-current assets                                                            12,130,557         11,620,670


         The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes financial instruments and
         deferred tax assets.


   Information about major customers

   The Group’s customer base is diversified and no revenue from transactions with a significant customer accounted for 10% or
   more of the Group’s total revenue during the year.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024       149
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




5. Revenue, other income and gains

      An analysis of revenue is as follows:


                                                                               2024        2023
                                                                           RMB’000     RMB’000


       Revenue from contracts with customers
            Sale of biopharmaceuticals                                     8,927,872   7,641,957
            Contract development and manufacturing operation business       180,106     173,981


       Total                                                               9,107,978   7,815,938


      Revenue from contracts with customers


      (a)     Disaggregated revenue information


                                                                               2024        2023
                                                                           RMB’000     RMB’000


               Types of goods or services
               Sale of biopharmaceuticals                                  8,927,872   7,641,957
               Contract development and manufacturing operation business    180,106     173,981


               Total                                                       9,107,978   7,815,938


               Geographical markets
               Mainland China                                              8,850,696   7,598,511
               Others                                                       257,282     217,427


               Total                                                       9,107,978   7,815,938


               Timing of revenue recognition
               Goods transferred at a point in time                        8,927,872   7,641,957
               Services transferred at a point in time                      180,106     173,981


               Total                                                       9,107,978   7,815,938




150    3SBIO INC.
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                              31 December 2024




5. Revenue, other income and gains (continued)

   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)


   (a)   Disaggregated revenue information (continued)


         The following table shows the amount of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that was included in the
         contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period and recognised from performance obligations satisfied in
         previous periods:


                                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000


          Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities
            at the beginning of the reporting period:
          Sale of biopharmaceuticals                                                               19,877             37,552


   (b)   Performance obligations


         Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:


         Sale of biopharmaceuticals


         The performance obligation is satisfied upon receipt of the biopharmaceutical products by customers and payment is
         generally due within 60 to 90 days from reception, except for new customers, where payment in advance is normally
         required. Some contracts provide customers with a right of return and trade discounts which give rise to variable
         consideration subject to constraint.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024       151
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




5. Revenue, other income and gains (continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)


      (b)   Performance obligations (continued)


            Contract development and manufacturing operation business


            The performance obligation is satisfied upon receipt of the technical services by customers as services are rendered
            and payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days from reception, except for new customers, where payment in
            advance is normally required.


                                                                                                                                     2024                     2023
                                                                                                                               RMB’000                  RMB’000


              Other income
              Government grants related to
                  — Assets (a)                                                                                                    30,185                   22,756
                  — Income (b)                                                                                                    55,422                   61,149
              Interest income                                                                                                    147,781                  153,124
              Others                                                                                                              30,103                   19,765


              Total other income                                                                                                 263,491                  256,794


              Gains
              Gain on repurchase of convertible bonds                                                                                    —                 48,268
              Foreign exchange differences, net                                                                                   25,281                          —
              Fair value losses on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                        (284,071)                (358,548)


              Total gains                                                                                                       (258,790)                (310,280)


              Total other income and gains                                                                                          4,701                  (53,486)


            Notes:


            (a)      The Group has received certain government grants to purchase items of property, plant and equipment. The grants are initially recorded as deferred
                     income and are amortised against the depreciation charge of the underlying property, plant and equipment in accordance with the assets’ estimated
                     useful lives (note 29).


            (b)      The government grants have been received for the Group’s contribution to the development of the local pharmaceutical industry. There are no
                     unfulfilled conditions or contingencies attaching to these grants.




152    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                               31 December 2024




6. Profit before tax

   The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                                          Notes                 RMB’000             RMB’000


       Cost of inventories sold                                                                                                1,116,084           1,029,861
       Cost of service provided                                                                                                   163,518            144,437
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                        14                    259,729            211,283
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                15(a)                    25,432             19,692
       Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                              17                    109,787            103,873
       Amortisation of long-term deferred expenses                                                                                 17,674             16,614
       Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                                15(c)                      8,242              8,437
       Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                                        7,629              8,301


       Employee benefit expenses (excluding directors’ and
         chief executive’s remuneration):
         Wages, salaries and staff welfare                                                                                     1,266,134           1,125,939
         Equity-settled compensation expenses                                                                                      29,298              (4,656)
         Pension scheme contributions*                                                                                            105,483             95,094
         Social welfare and other costs                                                                                           163,799            145,885


       Total                                                                                                                   1,564,714           1,362,262


       Other expenses:
       Donation                                                                                                                    25,187             21,629
       Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                                                                  15,077               1,877
       Provision/(reversal of provision) for impairment of trade receivables                                23                       2,631            (14,670)
       Provision/(reversal of provision) for impairment of prepayments,
         other receivables and other assets                                                                 24                       2,835            (10,502)
       Provision for impairment of other intangible assets                                                  17                     41,245                  —
       Foreign exchange differences, net                                                                                                  —           71,934
       Others                                                                                                                        6,276            15,492


       Total                                                                                                                       93,251             85,760


   *       There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024       153
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




7. Finance costs

      An analysis of finance costs is as follows:


                                                                                                                                        2024                     2023
                                                                                                                                 RMB’000                   RMB’000


          Interest on bank borrowings                                                                                              136,735                   159,546
          Interest on bonds payable                                                                                                  50,583                   25,606
          Interest on convertible bonds                                                                                                    —                  23,885
          Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                                3,528                    3,259


          Total                                                                                                                    190,846                   212,296



8. Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration

      Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the HKEx Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b),
      (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of
      Directors) Regulation, is as follows:


                                                                                                                                        2024                     2023
                                                                                                                                 RMB’000                   RMB’000


          Fees                                                                                                                         3,781                    5,496


          Other emoluments:
            Salaries, allowances, bonuses and other benefits                                                                           3,590                    2,133
            Equity-settled compensation expenses                                                                                       3,158                        —
            Pension scheme contributions                                                                                                 538                      508


          Subtotal                                                                                                                     7,286                    2,641


          Total                                                                                                                      11,067                     8,137


      *        On 23 September 2024, certain directors were granted awarded shares, in respect of their services to the Group, under the share option scheme of the
               Company, further details of which are set out in note 35 to the financial statements. The fair value of awarded shares, which has been recognised in the
               statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount included in the financial statements for 2024 is
               included in the above directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.




154       3SBIO INC.
                                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                 31 December 2024




8. Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration (continued)

   (a)   Independent non-executive directors


         The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:


                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


             Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi                                                                        274                270
             Mr. PU Tianruo                                                                               274                270
             Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry                                                                        274                270
             Dr. ZHANG Dan*                                                                               133                270


             Total                                                                                        955               1,080


         *       Dr. ZHANG Dan ceased to be an independent non-executive director on 25 June 2024.



         There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year (2023: Nil).




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024     155
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




8. Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration (continued)

      (b)   Executive director, non-executive director and the chief executive


                                                           Salaries,
                                                        allowances,    Equity-settled        Pension
                                                       bonuses and     compensation          scheme
                                               Fees   other benefits       expenses     contributions      Total
                                            RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000


             2024
             Chief executive
               Dr. Jing Lou (i)               2,136           2,377            3,158             446      8,117


             Executive director
               Ms. Dongmei Su                   512             854               —               92      1,458


             Non-executive directors
               Mr. Bin Huang (ii)               131              —                —               —         131
               Ms. Jiaoe ZHANG (iii)             47             359               —               —         406


             Total                            2,826           3,590            3,158             538     10,112




156    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                                      31 December 2024




8. Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration (continued)

   (b)   Executive director, non-executive director and the chief executive (continued)


                                                                                            Salaries,
                                                                                        allowances,         Equity-settled              Pension
                                                                                      bonuses and          compensation                 scheme
                                                                          Fees        other benefits            expenses           contributions                Total
                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000


                2023
                Chief executive
                  Dr. Jing Lou (i)                                      3,194                 1,281                      —                   421               4,896


                Executive director
                  Ms. Dongmei Su                                           526                   852                     —                    87               1,465


                Non-executive director
                  Mr. Bin Huang (ii)                                       696                     —                     —                     —                696


                Total                                                   4,416                 2,133                      —                   508               7,057


         (i)            Dr. Jing Lou who acts as the chief executive and the president of the Company is also an executive director of the Company.


         (ii)           Mr. Bin Huang was ceased to be the non-executive director of the Company on 25 June 2024.


         (iii)          Ms. Jiaoe ZHANG was appointed as non-executive director of the Company on 25 June 2024.



         There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any remuneration
         during the year.




                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024           157
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




9. Five highest paid employees

      The five highest paid employees during the year included the chief executive and executive director (2023: the chief executive),
      details of whose remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining three (2023:
      three) highest paid employees who are neither directors nor chief executives of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                                            2024                2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


       Salaries, allowances, bonuses and other benefits                                                    5,263               4,331
       Equity-settled compensation expenses                                                                  600                   —
       Pension scheme contributions                                                                          312                 430


       Total                                                                                               6,175               4,761


      The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following
      bands is as follows:


                                                                                                      Number of employees
                                                                                                            2024                2023


       HKD1,500,001 to HKD2,000,000                                                                             1                   2
       HKD2,000,001 to HKD2,500,000                                                                             1                   1
       HKD2,500,001 to HKD3,000,000                                                                             1                  —


       Total                                                                                                    3                   3




158    3SBIO INC.
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                31 December 2024




10. Pension scheme

   The Company’s subsidiaries registered in the PRC and Italy are required to participate in the retirement benefit schemes
   operated by the relevant local government authorities in Mainland China and Italy. The relevant local government authorities
   in Mainland China and Italy are responsible for the pension liabilities payable to retired employees. The Group was required
   to make contributions for those employees who are registered as permanent residents in Mainland China and Italy within the
   scope of the relevant PRC and Italy regulations at 15% to 16% and 30% (2023: 14% to 16% and 30%) of the employees’
   salaries for the year, respectively.


   The Company’s subsidiary in Hong Kong also operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF scheme”) under the
   Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for employees employed under the jurisdiction of the Hong Kong
   Employment Ordinance and not previously covered by the defined benefit retirement plan. The MPF scheme is a defined
   contribution retirement plan administered by independent trustees. Under the MPF scheme, the employer and its employees
   are each required to make contributions to the plan at 5% of the employees’ relevant income, subject to a cap of monthly
   relevant income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the plan vest immediately, there is no forfeited contributions that may be used
   by the Group to reduce the existing level of contribution.


   The Group’s contributions to the retirement benefit schemes for the year ended 31 December 2024 amounted to
   approximately RMB106,021,000 (2023: RMB95,524,000).



11. Income tax

   The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in which members
   of the Group are domiciled and operate.


   Pursuant to the relevant rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”), the Company and
   the subsidiaries of the Group incorporated therein are not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands and the BVI.


   No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made during the year as the Group had no assessable profits arising in Hong
   Kong.


   Under the relevant PRC income tax law, except for Shenyang Sunshine, Sciprogen, Sunshine Mandi, NERC and Sunshine
   Guojian which enjoy certain preferential treatment available to the Group, the PRC subsidiaries of the Group are subject to
   income tax at a rate of 25% on their respective taxable income.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024       159
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




11. Income tax (continued)

      Shenyang Sunshine, Sunshine Mandi, NERC and Sunshine Guojian are qualified as High and New Technology Enterprises for
      the year ended 31 December 2024 and are entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15%. The qualification as a High and
      New Technology Enterprise is subject to review by the Ministry of Science and Technology every three years, and Sciprogen
      is currently in the process of applying for the High and New Technology Enterprise qualification review. The directors of
      the Group expected that Sciprogen would maintain the High and New Technology Enterprise qualification and adopted a
      preferential CIT rate of 15% for the year ended 31 December 2024. In accordance with relevant Italian tax regulations, Sirton is
      subject to income tax at a rate of 27.9% (2023: 27.9%).


      Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign investors
      from the foreign investment enterprises established in Mainland China. The requirement became effective on 1 January 2008
      and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. A lower withholding tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty between
      the PRC and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors.


      An analysis of the provision for tax in the financial statements is as follows:


                                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000


       Current                                                                                          522,004            391,672
       Deferred                                                                                         (21,468)                495


       Total tax charge for the year                                                                    500,536            392,167




160    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                   31 December 2024




11. Income tax (continued)

   A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax using the statutory rate for Mainland China to the tax
   expense at the effective tax rate is as follows:


                                                                                                         2024                 2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


    Profit before tax                                                                               2,718,085           1,978,459


    At the PRC’s statutory income tax rate of 25%                                                     679,521             494,615
    Preferential income tax rates applicable to subsidiaries                                         (235,212)            (219,026)
    Additional deductible allowance for research and development expenses                            (173,162)             (98,590)
    Income not subject to tax                                                                          (68,088)             (3,558)
    Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous periods                                          67,742               15,018
    Effect of non-deductible expenses                                                                 121,978               42,602
    Tax losses not recognised                                                                          29,423               94,776
    Others                                                                                             78,334               66,330


    Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                                          500,536             392,167


   The effective tax rate of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 was 18.4% (2023: 19.8%).


   Pillar Two income taxes

   The Group is within the scope of the Pillar Two model rules. The Group has applied the mandatory exception to recognising
   and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from Pillar Two income taxes, and will account for
   the Pillar Two income taxes as current tax when incurred. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or substantively enacted but
   not yet in effect as at 31 December 2024 in certain jurisdictions in which the Group operates.


   The Group is in the process of assessing the potential exposure arising from Pillar Two legislation based on the information
   available for the financial year ended 31 December 2024. Based on the assessment carried out so far, the Group has
   identified certain countries where the Pillar Two effective tax rates are likely to be lower than 15%. Quantitative information to
   indicate potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes is currently not known or reasonably estimable.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024       161
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




12. Dividends
                                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000


       Proposed 2023 final — HKD25 cents per ordinary share                                                545,302                 —


       Proposed 2022 final — HKD10 cents per ordinary share                                                     —           224,883


      A final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023 of HKD25 cents per share was proposed pursuant to a
      resolution passed by the Board on 20 March 2024 and was approved at the annual general meeting of the Company on 25
      June 2024. The dividend had been paid to the shareholders of the Company during the reporting period.



13. Earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of the
    parent

      The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity
      holders of the parent and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 2,423,500,054 (2023: 2,438,916,302)
      outstanding during the year, as adjusted to reflect the issue of ordinary shares during the year.


      The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity
      holders of the parent, adjusted to reflect the interest on the convertible bonds, where applicable (see below). The weighted
      average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, as used
      in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued
      at no consideration on the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.




162    3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                        31 December 2024




13. Earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of the
    parent (continued)

   The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:


                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000


    Earnings
    Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
      used in the basic earnings per share calculation:                                    2,090,320        1,549,239
    Interest on convertible bonds                                                                 —             23,885
    Less: Gain on repurchase of convertible bonds                                                 —             (48,268)


    Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent before interest on
      convertible bonds and gain on repurchase of convertible bonds                        2,090,320        1,524,856


                                                                                             Number of shares
                                                                                                2024               2023


    Shares
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year used
      in the basic earnings per share calculation                                       2,423,500,054   2,438,916,302
    Effect of dilution — weighted average number of ordinary shares:
      Awarded shares                                                                      43,107,688        2,750,000


    Total                                                                               2,466,607,742   2,441,666,302




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024     163
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




14. Property, plant and equipment
      2024


                                           Land and        Plant and       Furniture          Motor     Construction
                                            buildings     Machinery      and fixtures       vehicles     in progress           Total
                                            RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


       At 31 December 2023 and
          at 1 January 2024
          Cost                             1,421,139       2,002,417         335,703          16,249       2,533,751      6,309,259
          Accumulated depreciation           (437,229)      (917,151)       (251,178)        (11,549)             —       (1,617,107)


          Net carrying amount                983,910       1,085,266          84,525           4,700       2,533,751      4,692,152


       At 1 January 2024, net of
          accumulated depreciation           983,910       1,085,266          84,525           4,700       2,533,751      4,692,152
       Additions                                 409          68,118          28,897             860         493,209        591,493
       Disposals                               (8,546)        (12,266)         (2,594)          (245)             —          (23,651)
       Depreciation provided during
          the year                            (87,586)      (131,321)        (39,422)         (1,400)             —         (259,729)
       Transfers                             444,223          98,636          13,074             466        (556,399)             —
       Exchange realignment                    (1,498)         (3,844)         (1,312)            (7)           (143)         (6,804)


       At 31 December 2024, net of
          accumulated depreciation         1,330,912       1,104,589          83,168           4,374       2,470,418      4,993,461


       At 31 December 2024
          Cost                             1,849,475       2,141,626         365,193          15,611       2,470,418      6,842,323
          Accumulated depreciation           (518,563)     (1,037,037)      (282,025)        (11,237)             —       (1,848,862)


          Net carrying amount              1,330,912       1,104,589          83,168           4,374       2,470,418      4,993,461


      A freehold land with a carrying amount of approximately RMB2,631,000 as at 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB2,748,000) is
      situated in Italy.


      The Group is in the process of applying for the title certificates of certain of its buildings with an aggregate book value of
      approximately RMB38,316,000 as at 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB40,218,000). The Company’s directors are of the view
      that the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly occupy and use the above-mentioned buildings. The Company’s directors
      are also of the opinion that the aforesaid matter did not have any significant impact on the Group’s financial position as at 31
      December 2024.

164    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                  31 December 2024




14. Property, plant and equipment (continued)
   At 31 December 2024, certain of the freehold land and buildings, which had aggregate carrying amounts of approximately
   RMB2,631,000 and RMB30,584,000, respectively, were pledged to secure general banking facilities granted to the Group (note
   31).


   At 31 December 2023, certain of the construction in progress, freehold land and buildings, which had aggregate carrying
   amounts of approximately RMB1,083,345,000, RMB2,748,000 and RMB90,680,000, respectively, were pledged to secure
   general banking facilities granted to the Group (note 31).


   The Group leases certain buildings to independent third parties under operating lease arrangements, with lease terms ranging
   from one to two years (2023: two to three years) (note 15).


   2023


                                          Land and        Plant and       Furniture      Motor     Construction
                                          buildings      Machinery      and fixtures    vehicles    in progress             Total
                                          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000


    At 31 December 2022 and
      at 1 January 2023
      Cost                               1,057,084       1,680,972         312,810      15,848       2,476,630         5,543,344
      Accumulated depreciation            (376,930)       (815,931)       (226,764)     (10,044)            —          (1,429,669)


      Net carrying amount                  680,154         865,041          86,046        5,804      2,476,630         4,113,675


    At 1 January 2023, net of
      accumulated depreciation             680,154         865,041          86,046        5,804      2,476,630         4,113,675
    Additions                                   66         125,187          28,817          700        643,239           798,009
    Disposals                                   —          (11,117)          (6,141)         —              —             (17,258)
    Depreciation provided during
      the year                             (59,436)       (112,219)         (37,797)     (1,831)            —           (211,283)
    Transfers                              361,080         211,792          13,359           14       (586,245)                —
    Exchange realignment                     2,046              6,582          241           13            127             9,009


    At 31 December 2023, net of
      accumulated depreciation             983,910       1,085,266          84,525        4,700      2,533,751         4,692,152


    At 31 December 2023
      Cost                               1,421,139       2,002,417         335,703      16,249       2,533,751         6,309,259
      Accumulated depreciation            (437,229)       (917,151)       (251,178)     (11,549)            —          (1,617,107)


      Net carrying amount                  983,910       1,085,266          84,525        4,700      2,533,751         4,692,152


                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024         165
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




15. Leases

      The Group as a lessee


      The Group has lease contracts for certain land and buildings. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire the lease
      land from the owners with lease periods of 30 to 50 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these
      land leases. Some of the leased office equipment have lease terms of 12 months or less and/or are individually of low value.
      Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets outside the Group.


      (a)   Right-of-use assets


            The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                          Leasehold land            Buildings              Total
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000


             As at 1 January 2023                                                 343,995              44,625            388,620
             Additions                                                                  —               6,678              6,678
             Depreciation charge                                                    (9,737)             (9,955)          (19,692)


             As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                            334,258              41,348            375,606
             Additions                                                                  —              23,882             23,882
             Depreciation charge                                                    (9,739)           (15,693)           (25,432)


             As at 31 December 2024                                               324,519              49,537            374,056


            At 31 December 2024, none of the Group’s leasehold land (2023: RMB29,633,000) was pledged to secure general
            banking facilities granted to the Group.




166    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                       31 December 2024




15. Leases (continued)

   The Group as a lessee (continued)


   (b)   Lease liabilities


         The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000


          Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                      37,548            39,821
          New leases                                                                                        23,882               6,678
          Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                                   3,528               3,259
          Payments                                                                                          (18,029)          (12,210)


          Carrying amount at 31 December                                                                    46,929            37,548


          Analysed into:
             Current portion                                                                                15,269               9,735
             Non-current portion                                                                            31,660            27,813


         The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 45 to the financial statements.


   (c)   The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:


                                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000


          Interest on lease liabilities                                                                      3,528               3,259
          Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                        25,432            19,692
          Expense relating to short-term leases (included in administrative expenses)                        8,230               8,428
          Expense relating to leases of low-value assets
             (included in administrative expenses)                                                              12                  9


          Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                                         37,202            31,388




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024     167
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




15. Leases (continued)

      The Group as a lessor


      The Group leases a portion of its buildings under operating lease arrangements. The terms of the leases generally require the
      tenants to pay security deposits. The terms of the leases generally require the tenants to pay security deposits and provide for
      periodic rent adjustments according to the then prevailing market conditions. Rental income recognised by the Group during
      the year was RMB10,935,000 (2023: RMB4,380,000).


      At 31 December 2024, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under operating leases
      with its tenants are as follows:


                                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000


       Within one year                                                                                   10,242               1,074
       After one year but within two years                                                                2,192                 914
       After two years but within three years                                                             1,476                 228
       After three years                                                                                  8,656                   —


       Total                                                                                             22,566               2,216




168    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                  31 December 2024




16. Goodwill
                                                                                                                        RMB’000


    Cost at 1 January 2023                                                                                             4,140,061
    Exchange realignment                                                                                                    59,397


    Cost and net carrying amount at 31 December 2023                                                                   4,199,458


    Cost at 1 January 2024                                                                                             4,199,458
    Exchange realignment                                                                                                    53,160


    Cost and net carrying amount at 31 December 2024                                                                   4,252,618


    At 31 December 2024:
       Cost                                                                                                            4,252,618
       Accumulated impairment                                                                                                   —


       Net carrying amount                                                                                             4,252,618


   Impairment testing of goodwill

   Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the group of biopharmaceutical products cash-generating
   units (“CGUs”), which is the sole group of CGUs of the Group.


   The recoverable amount of the group of CGUs has been determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow
   projections which are based on financial forecast approved by the Company’s directors covering a period of six years (the
   “Forecast Period”). The discount rate applied to the cash flow projections is 12.0% (2023: 15.0%), which is determined by
   reference to the average rate for similar industries and the business risk of the relevant business units. The growth rate used
   to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the Forecast Period is 2% (2023: 3%).


   In the opinion of the Company’s directors, any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable
   amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the group of CGUs to exceed the recoverable amount.


   Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of the group of CGUs as at 31 December 2024. The following
   describes each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing
   of goodwill:


   Gross margins — Gross margins are based on the average gross margins achieved in the year immediately before the
   forecast year and are increased over the Forecast Period for anticipated efficiency improvements and expected market
   development.


   Discount rate —The discount rate used is after tax and reflects specific risks relating to the relevant group of CGUs.


                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024       169
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




16. Goodwill (continued)
      Impairment testing of goodwill (continued)


      Growth rates —The growth rates are based on historical sales over the last three years and expected growth rates of the
      pharmaceutical market according to published industry research.


      The values assigned to the key assumptions are consistent with external information sources.


      In the opinion of the Company’s directors, a decrease in the growth rate by 5% would cause the recoverable amount of the
      cash-generating unit to exceed its carrying amount by approximately RMB20,196,888,000 to RMB5,117,277,000, and any
      reasonably possible change in the other key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based would not cause the
      carrying amount of the cash-generating unit to exceed its recoverable amount.



17. Other intangible assets

      2024


                                                 Exclusive
                                               distribution   Technology
                                                      right   know-how       Patents       IPR&Ds      Others            Total
                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000


       Cost at 1 January 2024,
         net of accumulated amortisation
         and impairment                              1,451     1,051,653     332,011       159,171      10,165      1,554,451
       Additions                                        —             —       43,128       236,889       1,584        281,601
       Amortisation provided during the year          (104)      (71,532)    (35,914)           —       (2,237)      (109,787)
       Impairment provided during the year              —             —           —        (41,245)         —          (41,245)
       Exchange realignment                             21            —           —             —         (531)           (510)


       At 31 December 2024                           1,368       980,121     339,225       354,815       8,981      1,684,510


       At 31 December 2024
         Cost                                        8,648     1,834,273     628,425       412,056      81,349      2,964,751
         Accumulated amortisation and
             impairment                             (7,280)     (854,152)   (289,200)      (57,241)    (72,368)     (1,280,241)


         Net carrying amount                         1,368       980,121     339,225       354,815       8,981      1,684,510



170    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                     31 December 2024




17. Other intangible assets (continued)

   2023


                                             Exclusive
                                            distribution   Technology
                                                   right   know-how         Patents         IPR&Ds          Others              Total
                                             RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000


    Cost at 1 January 2023,
      net of accumulated amortisation
      and impairment                             1,530      1,058,228      357,759         149,245          11,550         1,578,312
    Additions                                        —             —         6,975          70,142           2,502            79,619
    Transfer                                         —        60,216             —          (60,216)             —                 —
    Amortisation provided during the year          (104)      (66,791)      (32,723)             —           (4,255)        (103,873)
    Exchange realignment                             25            —             —               —             368               393


    At 31 December 2023                          1,451      1,051,653      332,011         159,171          10,165         1,554,451


    At 31 December 2023
      Cost                                       8,617      1,834,273      585,297         175,167          80,280         2,683,634
      Accumulated amortisation and
          impairment                             (7,166)     (782,620)     (253,286)        (15,996)        (70,115)       (1,129,183)


      Net carrying amount                        1,451      1,051,653      332,011         159,171          10,165         1,554,451


   Impairment testing of IPR&Ds


   IPR&Ds were either acquired from a third party or capitalised in accordance with the accounting policies for research
   and development costs in note 2.4 to the financial statements. The useful life of IPR&Ds is considered indefinite until the
   completion or abandonment of the related research and development efforts. IPR&Ds are not amortised but tested individually
   for impairment annually. The useful life of an intangible asset with an indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine whether
   the indefinite life assessment continues to be supportable.


   The recoverable amounts of IPR&Ds have been determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow projections
   which are based on financial forecast approved by the Company’s directors. The discount rates applied to the eight cash flow
   projections are from 13.3% to 21.0% (2023: from 13.9% to 22.5%), which are determined by reference to the average rates
   for in progress research and development projects with similar business risk and after taking into account the risk premium in
   connection with the related research and development efforts.



                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024         171
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




17. Other intangible assets (continued)

      Impairment testing of IPR&Ds (continued)


      In the opinion of the Company’s directors, any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable
      amounts are based would not cause the carrying amounts of IPR&Ds to exceed their recoverable amounts.


      Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of IPR&Ds as at 31 December 2024. The following describes each key
      assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of IPR&Ds:


      Discount rates — The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks in respect of the related research and
      development efforts.


      Royalty rates — The royalty rates are based on similar royalty rates charged by third parties in the pharmaceutical and biotech
      industry.


      Growth rates — The growth rates used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the five-year period are based on the estimated
      growth rate of the Group taking into account the industry growth rate, past experience and the medium-term or long-term
      growth target of the Group.


      The values assigned to the key assumptions are consistent with external information sources.



18. Investments in joint ventures
                                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


       Share of net assets                                                                                 637               2,265




172    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                        31 December 2024




18. Investments in joint ventures (continued)

   Particulars of the Group’s joint ventures are as follows:


                                                        Place of                            Percentage of

                                                        registration          Ownership          Voting        Profit   Principal
    Name                                                and business             interest        power       sharing    activities


    Liaoning Sunshine Bio-Pharmaceutical Investment     PRC/Mainland China            50            50            50    Health industry
      Fund Management Partnership LLP                                                                                     investment
      (“Sunshine Bio-Pharmaceutical Fund”)                                                                                management


    Shenyang Sunshine Logistics Co., Ltd.               PRC/Mainland China            50            50            50    Logistics services
      (“Shenyang Sunshine Logistics”)


   The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s joint ventures that is not individually material:


                                                                                                              2024                   2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000


    Share of the joint ventures’ (losses)/gains for the year                                                 (1,628)                 1,053


    Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in joint ventures                                     637                   2,265



19. Investments in associates
                                                                                                              2024                   2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000


    Share of net assets                                                                                     498,519             593,316




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024            173
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




19. Investments in associates (continued)

      Particulars of the Group’s associates are as follows:


                                                                                                                      Percentage
                                                                                               Place of              of ownership
                                                                         Particulars           incorporation/             interest
                                                                         of issued             registration         attributable to
        Name                                                             shares held           and business             the Group     Principal activities


        Refuge Biotechnologies, Inc. (a) (“Refuge”)                      Preferred shares      United States                 10.21    Research and
                                                                                                                                        development


        Shanghai Companion Diagnostics Technology Ltd. (a)               Ordinary shares       PRC/Mainland                  14.00    Research and
            (“Shanghai Companion”)                                                                China                                 development


        Liaoning Sunshine Medical Industry                               Limited partner       PRC/Mainland                  66.01    Investment holding
            Investment Fund Partnership LLP (a)                                                   China
            (“Sunshine Medical Industry Fund”)


        Verseau Therapeutics, Inc. (a)                                   Preferred shares      United States                 11.75    Research and
            (“Verseau”)                                                                                                                 development


        Shanghai Corinline Diagnostics Technology Ltd. (a)               Ordinary shares       PRC/Mainland                   8.00    Research and
            (“Corinline”)                                                                         China                                 development


        Numab Therapeutics AG (a)                                        Preferred shares      Switzerland                    7.87    Research and
            (“Numab”)                                                                                                                   development


        Tieling Staff Hospital (a)                                       Ordinary shares       PRC/Mainland                  11.00    Medical services
                                                                                                  China

      Note:


      (a)     Not audited by Ernst & Young, Hong Kong or another member firm of the Ernst & Young global network.




174     3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                          31 December 2024




19. Investments in associates (continued)
   The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not individually material:


                                                                                                                               2024                    2023
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000


       Share of the associates’ gains/(losses) for the year                                                                350,560                  (30,848)
       Dividends declared from an associate*                                                                              (446,545)                        —
       Share of the associates’ other comprehensive income                                                                    1,188                   1,527


       Share of the associates’ total comprehensive losses                                                                  (94,797)                (29,321)


       Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in associates                                                  498,519                 593,316


   *       During the year, Numab generated a gain from the disposal of a subsidiary to a third party and distributed cash dividends amounting to USD62,424,000,
           equivalent to approximately RMB446,545,000 to the Group in proportion to its equity interests in Numab.




20. Equity investments designated at fair value through other
    comprehensive income

                                                                                                                               2024                    2023
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000


       Equity investments designated at fair value through
         other comprehensive income
       Listed equity investments, at fair value                                                                            281,111                 104,133
       Unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                                                          536,840                 417,591


                                                                                                                           817,951                 521,724


   The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at fair value through other comprehensive income as the Group
   considers these investments to be strategic in nature.


   In December 2024, the Group sold its preferred shares in Ascentage Pharma Group International as this investment no longer
   coincided with the Group’s investment strategy. The fair value on the date of sale was RMB30,372,000 and the accumulated
   gain recognised in other comprehensive income of RMB12,705,000 was transferred to retained earnings.




                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024             175
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




21. Deferred tax

      The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:


      Deferred tax liabilities


                                                                                                    2024
                                                                    Fair value            Fair value
                                                                   adjustment        adjustments of
                                                                  arising from    financial assets at
                                                                 acquisition of   fair value through
                                                                  subsidiaries         profit or loss       Others      Total
                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000         RMB’000   RMB’000


       At 1 January 2024                                               201,826                    —         48,728    250,554
       Deferred tax charged/(credited) to the consolidated
         statement of profit or loss during the year (note 11)         (12,779)                2,136         8,924     (1,719)


       Gross deferred tax liabilities at 31 December 2024              189,047                 2,136        57,652    248,835




176    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                   31 December 2024




21. Deferred tax (continued)

   The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows: (continued)


   Deferred tax assets


                                                                                               2024
                                                             Impairment/
                                                              write-off of
                                                             inventories,                                         Losses
                                                                    other                                    available for
                                                               intangible                                       offsetting
                                                             assets, and     Depreciation                         against
                                                                financial         for tax    Government     future taxable
                                                 Accruals         assets        purposes         grants            profits      Others          Total
                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000


    At 1 January 2024                              47,221          33,189         10,061         24,431            92,883       66,819        274,604
    Deferred tax credited/(charged) to
       the consolidated statement of profit or
       loss during the year (note 11)              (1,167)         19,349            495          (2,494)           (5,832)      9,398         19,749
    Deferred tax credited to the consolidated
       statement of comprehensive income               —               —               —              —                 —        1,564          1,564


    Gross deferred tax assets
       at 31 December 2024                         46,054          52,538         10,556         21,937            87,051       77,781        295,917




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024       177
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




21. Deferred tax (continued)
      The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows: (continued)


      Deferred tax liabilities


                                                                                                                                  2023
                                                                                      Fair value                     Fair value
                                                                                 adjustment                    adjustments of
                                                                                arising from             financial assets at
                                                                              acquisition of                 fair value through
                                                                                subsidiaries                      profit or loss                         Others                Total
                                                                                      RMB’000                        RMB’000                        RMB’000                RMB’000


       At 1 January 2023                                                               214,510                         31,729                            33,626            279,865
       Deferred tax charged/(credited) to the consolidated
          statement of profit or loss during the year (note 11)                        (12,684)                        (31,729)                          15,102             (29,311)


       Gross deferred tax liabilities at 31 December 2023                              201,826                                —                          48,728            250,554


      Deferred tax assets


                                                                                                                     2023
                                                                      Impairment/
                                                                       write-off of                                                           Losses
                                                                       inventories,                                                      available for
                                                                             other                                                         offsetting
                                                                        intangible         Depreciation                                       against
                                                                      assets, and                  for tax        Government         future taxable
                                                       Accruals    financial assets           purposes                  grants                 profits            Others       Total
                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000               RMB’000                RMB’000               RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000


       At 1 January 2023                                 85,755            41,184                   7,153              24,825               123,844               21,188    303,949
       Deferred tax credited/(charged) to
          the consolidated statement of profit or
          loss during the year (note 11)                (38,534)            (7,995)                 2,908                   (394)            (30,961)             45,170     (29,806)
       Deferred tax credited to the consolidated
          statement of comprehensive income                  —                  —                      —                      —                    —                461         461


       Gross deferred tax assets
          at 31 December 2023                            47,221            33,189                  10,061              24,431                 92,883              66,819    274,604


178    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                                      31 December 2024




21. Deferred tax (continued)
   Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign investors
   from the foreign investment enterprises established in Mainland China. The requirement is effective from 1 January 2008
   and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. A lower withholding tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty between
   Mainland China and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors. For the Group, the applicable rate is 5% or 10%. The Group is
   therefore liable for withholding taxes on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in Mainland China in respect of
   earnings generated from 1 January 2008.


   At 31 December 2024, no deferred tax liabilities have been recognised for withholding taxes that would be payable on the
   unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group’s subsidiaries established in Mainland China (2023:
   Nil).


   In the opinion of the directors, it is not probable that these subsidiaries will distribute such earnings in the foreseeable future.
   The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries in Mainland China for which
   deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised was approximately RMB10,974,998,000 (2023: RMB10,677,553,000).


   There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company to its shareholders.


   Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:


                                                                                                                                          2024                      2023
                                                                                                                                   RMB’000                    RMB’000


     Tax losses arising in Mainland China (a)                                                                                        901,206                    659,178
     Tax losses arising in Hong Kong and other countries                                                                           1,672,837                 1,532,908


     Total                                                                                                                         2,574,043                 2,192,086

   Note:


   (a)     The tax losses arising in Mainland China are available for five years for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose.




                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024                179
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




22. Inventories

                                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


       Raw materials                                                                                   275,895            264,479
       Work in progress                                                                                302,105            305,646
       Finished goods                                                                                  155,248            149,642
       Consumables and packaging materials                                                              65,555              61,006


       Total                                                                                           798,803            780,773
       Impairment                                                                                        (3,612)            (3,234)


       Net carrying amount                                                                             795,191            777,539



23. Trade and notes receivables

                                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


       Trade receivables                                                                             1,312,969          1,060,439
       Notes receivable                                                                                 45,574              85,445


       Total                                                                                         1,358,543          1,145,884
       Provision for impairment of trade receivables                                                   (53,383)            (50,752)


       Net carrying amount                                                                           1,305,160          1,095,132


      The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit period is generally two months, extending up
      to three months for major customers. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and has a
      credit control department to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of
      the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there is
      no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade
      receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.




180    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                   31 December 2024




23. Trade and notes receivables (continued)

   An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                         2024                2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


    Within 1 month                                                                                    743,850             514,891
    1 to 3 months                                                                                     491,003             470,039
    3 to 6 months                                                                                      16,054              16,884
    6 months to 1 year                                                                                  9,620               9,132
    1 to 2 years                                                                                        7,530               7,283
    Over 2 years                                                                                       44,912              42,210


    Total                                                                                           1,312,969           1,060,439


   The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:


                                                                                                         2024                2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


    At beginning of year                                                                               50,752              65,422
    Impairment losses, net                                                                              2,631              (14,670)


    At end of year                                                                                     53,383              50,752


   An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses. The
   provision rates are based on ageing for groupings of various customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer
   type). The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable
   information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic
   conditions.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024          181
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




23. Trade and notes receivables (continued)

      Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a provision matrix:


      As at 31 December 2024


                                                                                Ageing

                                                  Within        1 to 3       3 to 6   6 months        1 to 2        Over
                                                1 month      months       months      to 1 year       years      2 years        Total



       Expected credit loss rates                 0.43%        0.43%        0.43%         0.43%     40.66%      100.00%        4.07%
       Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)           743,850     491,003        16,054        9,620       7,530       44,912    1,312,969


       Expected credit losses (RMB’000)            3,189        2,111           69           41       3,061       44,912       53,383


      As at 31 December 2023


                                                                                 Ageing

                                                   Within       1 to 3       3 to 6    6 months        1 to 2        Over
                                                 1 month       months       months     to 1 year       years      2 years        Total


       Expected credit loss rates                  0.53%        0.50%       0.44%         0.35%      46.24%      100.00%        4.79%
       Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)           514,891      470,039       16,884        9,132        7,283      42,210    1,060,439


       Expected credit losses (RMB’000)            2,717        2,350           75           32        3,368      42,210       50,752


      The illustrative disclosures for transfers of financial assets relating to trade receivable factoring arrangements are included in
      note 31.




182    3SBIO INC.
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                               31 December 2024




24. Prepayments, other receivables and other assets

                                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


    Prepayments, other receivables and other assets — current portion:
      Due from related parties                                                                    423,520             368,471
      Other deposits and other receivables                                                        197,039             710,973
      Value added tax recoverable and Corporate income tax recoverable                            168,002             156,433
      Other prepayments                                                                           165,116             106,326


                                                                                                  953,677           1,342,203
    Impairment allowance                                                                          (212,539)          (209,704)


    Total                                                                                         741,138           1,132,499


    Prepayments, other receivables and other assets — non-current portion:
      Advance payments for property, plant and equipment                                          217,595              86,067
      Other non-current assets                                                                    109,161             117,355


    Total                                                                                         326,756             203,422


   The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of prepayments, other receivables and other assets are as follows:


                                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


    Balances at beginning of the year                                                             (209,704)          (220,206)
    Charge for the year                                                                             (2,835)            10,502


    At end of year                                                                                (212,539)          (209,704)


   Other receivables mainly represent the Group’s receivables from related parties and third parties. According to the related
   party’s historical credit, repayment and mortgage information, the loss given default was estimated to be 1% within one year,
   56% from one year to two years and 100% for more than two years.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024       183
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




25. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


       Other unlisted investments, at fair value                                                   3,769,187           3,302,596


      The above unlisted investments were treasury or cash management products issued by banks and other financial institutions
      in Mainland China and Hong Kong. They were mandatorily classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as
      their contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest.



26. Cash and cash equivalents and pledged deposits

                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


       Cash at bank and on hand                                                                    1,618,397           2,610,430
       Restricted cash                                                                               524,254                 731
       Pledged deposits                                                                              178,568             195,432
       Non-pledged time deposits                                                                   1,621,381           2,015,347
       Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months                                406,492              78,324


       Subtotal                                                                                    4,349,092           4,900,264
       Less:
          Pledged deposits                                                                           (178,568)          (195,432)
          Non-pledged time deposits                                                                (1,621,381)        (2,015,347)


       Cash and bank balances                                                                      2,549,143           2,689,485


       Less:
          Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months                             (406,492)           (78,324)


       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   2,142,651           2,611,161


      The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control
      Regulations and Administration of Settlement, and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is
      permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.



184    3SBIO INC.
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                              31 December 2024




26. Cash and cash equivalents and pledged deposits (continued)
   The Group’s cash and cash equivalents and deposits as at 31 December 2024 are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                     2024                 2023
                                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000


    Denominated in:
       — RMB                                                                                    2,953,324          4,049,851
       — HKD                                                                                       39,986                81,060
       — USD                                                                                    1,211,301            727,181
       — EUR                                                                                      144,315                42,171
       — Japanese Yen (“JPY”)                                                                            2                   —
       — AUD                                                                                          163                    —
       — Great Britain Pound (“GBP”)                                                                     1                   1


                                                                                                4,349,092          4,900,264


   Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The bank balances and deposits are
   deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default. The carrying amounts of the cash and cash equivalents
   approximated to their fair values as at the end of the reporting period. Deposits of approximately RMB178,568,000 (2023:
   RMB195,432,000) have been pledged to secure letters of credit, bank acceptance bills and pending lawsuits and arbitration as
   at 31 December 2024.


27. Trade and bills payables
   An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as
   follows:


                                                                                                     2024                 2023
                                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000


    Within 3 months                                                                               152,171            182,022
    3 to 6 months                                                                                  24,752                25,875
    Over 6 months                                                                                   2,638                 4,165


    Total                                                                                         179,561            212,062


   The trade and bills payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable within the normal operating cycle or on demand.



                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024        185
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




28. Other payables and accruals
                                                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000


        Accrued selling and marketing expenses                                                        916,876          750,790
        Accrued salaries, bonuses and welfare expenses                                                192,806          188,902
        Contract liabilities (a)                                                                        23,537          23,241
        Taxes payable (other than income tax)                                                           63,792          54,306
        Payable to vendors of property, plant and equipment, other intangible assets
            and research and development service fee                                                  215,581          183,735
        Payable for licence-in upfront payment                                                        179,698                 —
        Others                                                                                        129,606          131,419


        Total                                                                                       1,721,896       1,332,393

      Notes:


      (a)      Details of contract liabilities are as follows:


                                                                             31 December 2024   31 December 2023   1 January 2023
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000


                 Short-term advances received from customers
                 Contract development and manufacturing operation business              3,475              6,089          20,509
                 Sale of biopharmaceuticals                                            20,062             17,152          30,183


                 Total                                                                 23,537             23,241          50,692


      (b)      Other payables are non-interest-bearing.




186     3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                                  31 December 2024




29. Deferred income
                                                                                                                                      2024                      2023
                                                                                                                                RMB’000                   RMB’000


     At beginning of the year                                                                                                     441,308                  451,159
     Received during the year
         — Government grants (a)                                                                                                   12,695                    19,975
     Less: Recognition during the year
              — Government grants (a)                                                                                             (36,582)                  (29,826)


     Total                                                                                                                        417,421                  441,308
     Less: Deferred income — current portion
              — Government grants (a)                                                                                             (27,131)                  (29,152)


     Total deferred income — non-current portion                                                                                  390,290                  412,156


   Note:


   (a)     The grants relate to the subsidies received from the government for compensation for expenses arising from research and the improvement of manufacturing
           facilities on certain special projects. Upon completion of the related projects and the final assessment of the relevant government authorities, the grants
           related to the expense items will be recognised as other income directly in the consolidated statement of profit or loss when such expense items have been
           incurred by the Group and the grants related to an asset will be released to the consolidated statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the
           relevant asset.




30. Derivative financial instruments
                                                                                                                                                                2024
                                                                                                                                                         RMB’000


     Foreign currency swaps                                                                                                                                    8,547


   The Group has entered into foreign currency swaps agreements with certain banks. The foreign currency swaps are not
   designated for hedge purpose and are measured at fair value through profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024              187
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




31. Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings
                                             2024                                 2023
                                 Effective                           Effective
                                  interest                            interest
                                  rate (%)   Maturity   RMB’000       rate (%)     Maturity   RMB’000


       Current
       Bank loans — unsecured    2.27-3.03      2025    1,993,750   2.30-3.91        2024     1,485,796
       Bank loan — secured           2.10       2025     250,000    1.95-3.65        2024      625,807


       Bonds payable (note 32)       4.20       2025    1,226,098          —             —          —


       Total — current                                  3,469,848                             2,111,603


       Non-current
       Bank loan — unsecured                                  —     4.18-6.60        2025     1,401,578
       Bank loans — secured          2.75       2028      37,628    2.75-3.65    2028-2031      61,155


       Bonds payable (note 32)         —            —         —          4.20        2025     1,225,959


       Total — non-current                                37,628                              2,688,692


       Total                                            3,507,476                             4,800,295




188    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                               31 December 2024




31. Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings (continued)
                                                                                                                                   2024                     2023
                                                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Interest-bearing bank borrowings denominated in:
         — RMB                                                                                                                 800,374                  689,835
         — HKD                                                                                                                 721,367                  877,036
         — USD                                                                                                                         —                701,250
         — EUR                                                                                                                 759,637               1,306,215


     Total                                                                                                                  2,281,378                3,574,336


                                                                                                                                   2024                     2023
                                                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Analysed into:
         Bank loans and overdrafts repayable:
         Within one year or on demand                                                                                       2,243,750                2,111,603
         In the second year                                                                                                            —             1,293,578
         In the third to tenth years, inclusive                                                                                  37,628                 169,155


     Total                                                                                                                  2,281,378                3,574,336


   Notes:


   (a)      For the twelve months ended 31 December 2024, the bank borrowings bear interest at fixed interest rates ranging from 2.10% to 3.03% (31 December
            2023: 1.95% to 6.60%) per annum.


   (b)      Certain of the Group’s bank borrowings are secured by mortgages over the Group’s freehold land and buildings. Refer to note 14.


   (c)      The Group has entered into certain recourse factoring agreements with certain bank for financing purposes. As at 31 December 2024, trade receivables
            of RMB251,803,000 (31 December 2023: RMB333,333,000) had been transferred under recourse factoring agreements. Those trade receivables from
            Shenyang Sunshine by Liaoning Sunshine, were derived from internal transactions within the Group and were eliminated in full on consolidation. In the
            opinion of the directors, such transactions did not qualify for derecognition of the relevant trade receivables and the loans received from the bank were
            accounted for as secured borrowings.


   (d)      The carrying amounts of the current bank borrowings approximate to their fair values.




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024             189
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




32. Bonds payable

      On 26 June 2023, the Company issued unsecured non-listed bonds in an aggregate amount of RMB1,200,000,000 (the
      “Panda Bonds”). The bonds were priced at par at RMB100 each, carrying interest at a fixed rate of 4.20% per annum. The
      bonds will mature on 25 June 2025.


                                                                                                   31 December          31 December
                                                                                                            2024                 2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


       Bonds payable                                                                                   1,226,098           1,225,959


       Amount repayable:
       Within one year                                                                                 1,226,098                   —


       In the second year                                                                                      —           1,225,959



33. Retirement benefit obligations

      The Italian subsidiary of the Group operates an unfunded defined benefit plan, namely the Italian staff leaving indemnity (the
      “TFR”). The TFR is classified as a defined benefit pension plan, which defines an amount of pension benefit that an employee
      will receive on retirement, usually dependent on one or more factors such as age, years of service and compensation.


      In 2007, with the Italian labour law reform, it was decided that the TFR accrued each month starting from January 2008 would
      be paid monthly to a private external fund or social institution, transforming the contribution to the pension plan into a defined
      contribution plan. It was also decided that the remaining TFR balances by the end of 2007 would be recorded as non-current
      liabilities to be paid to employees upon retirement. Such TFR balances are subject to actuarial valuation in accordance with
      IAS 19.


      The TFR benefit liability represents the present value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the reporting period less
      the fair value of plan assets, together with adjustments for unrecognised past-service costs. The defined benefit obligations
      are calculated annually by the independent actuary, Doctor Fabrizio Marino, using the project unit credit method. The present
      value of the defined benefit obligations is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows. Actuarial gains and
      losses arising from the changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited to other comprehensive income in the period
      in which they arise. Past service costs are recognised immediately in profit or loss.


      The plan is exposed to inflation risk and the risk of changes in the life expectancy of the plan members.




190    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                   31 December 2024




33. Retirement benefit obligations (continued)
   The principal actuarial assumptions used at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                                                                2024


    Discount rate (%)
    Expected rate of future pension cost increases by (%) — 2025                                                                  1.5
    Expected rate of future pension cost increases by (%) — 2026                                                                  1.5
    Expected rate of future pension cost increases by (%) — 2027                                                                  2.0
    Expected rate of future pension cost increases by (%) — from 2028                                                             2.0


                                                                                                                                2023


    Discount rate (%)
    Expected rate of future pension cost increases by (%) — 2024                                                                  1.9
    Expected rate of future pension cost increases by (%) — 2025                                                                  1.8
    Expected rate of future pension cost increases by (%) — 2026                                                                  1.7
    Expected rate of future pension cost increases by (%) — from 2027                                                             1.7


   A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumption as at the end of the reporting period is shown below:


                                                                            Net decrease                             Net increase
                                                                                in defined                                 in defined

                                                             Increase              benefit          Decrease                  benefit
                                                                in rate       obligations               in rate           obligations
                                                                   (%)           RMB’000                   (%)              RMB’000


    2024
    Discount rate                                                   0.5               (154)                 0.5                  552


    2023
    Discount rate                                                   0.5               (122)                 0.5                  164




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024         191
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




33. Retirement benefit obligations (continued)
      The sensitivity analysis above has been determined based on a method that extrapolates the impact on defined benefit
      obligations as a result of reasonable changes in key assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period. The sensitivity
      analysis above is based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. The sensitivity analysis
      may not be representative of an actual change in the defined benefit obligations as it is unlikely that changes in assumptions
      would occur in isolation of one another.


      The total expenses recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in respect of the plan are as follows:


                                                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


       Current service cost                                                                                   248                 227
       Interest cost                                                                                          140                 176


       Net benefit expenses                                                                                   388                 403


       Recognised in finance costs                                                                            388                 403


      The movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:


                                                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


       At 1 January                                                                                        4,603               4,474
       Current service cost                                                                                   248                 227
       Interest cost                                                                                          140                 176
       Benefit paid                                                                                          (668)                (614)
       Actuarial loss                                                                                         344                  79
       Exchange realignment                                                                                  (194)                261


       At 31 December                                                                                      4,473               4,603


      The plan has no defined benefit plan assets.


      The Group does not expect to make further contributions to the defined benefit plan in future years.


      The average duration of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the reporting period was 15 years (2023: 15 years).


192    3SBIO INC.
                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                        31 December 2024




34. Share capital
                                                                                              2024              2023
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

    Issued and fully paid:
       2,395,573,912 (2023: 2,438,920,412) ordinary shares                                      146                149

   2024

                                                     Number of
                                                 shares in issue     Share capital    Share premium            Total
                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000

    Ordinary shares of USD0.00001 each
       at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024      2,438,920,412               149         3,517,283         3,517,432
    Shares cancelled                                 (43,346,500)               (3)         (242,640)         (242,643)
    Final 2023 dividend declared (Note 12)                    —                 —           (545,302)         (545,302)

    Ordinary shares of USD0.00001 each
      at 31 December 2024                          2,395,573,912               146         2,729,341         2,729,487

   2023

                                                       Number of
                                                   shares in issue    Share capital    Share premium            Total
                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000

    Ordinary shares of USD0.00001 each
       at 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023      2,438,870,412               149         3,693,433         3,693,582
    Share options exercised                               50,000                —             48,733            48,733
    Final 2022 dividend declared (Note 12)                    —                 —           (224,883)         (224,883)

    Ordinary shares of USD0.00001 each
      at 31 December 2023                          2,438,920,412               149         3,517,283         3,517,432

                                                                                Number of shares        Treasury shares
                                                                                                              RMB’000

    At 1 January 2023                                                                  40,357,688              235,641

    Repurchased                                                                                —                    —
    Cancelled                                                                                  —                    —

    At 31 December 2023                                                                40,357,688              235,641

    Repurchased                                                                                —               242,448
    Cancelled                                                                                  —              (242,448)

    At 31 December 2024                                                                40,357,688              235,641


                                                                                             Annual Report 2024     193
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




35. Share incentive scheme

      Share option scheme adopted by the Company


      On 26 September 2016, a total of 20,000,000 share options, each of which entitles the holders to subscribe for one ordinary
      share of the Company at an exercise price of HKD9.10, under the post-IPO share option scheme of the Company adopted
      on 23 May 2015 and amended on 28 June 2016 (the “Share Option Scheme”), were granted to TMF (Cayman) Ltd. (“TMF”),
      as the trustee of The Empire Trust (the “Grantee”), a trust established by the Company for the beneficiaries who are executive
      directors and employees of the Group and its holding companies, and any other persons as nominated from time to time by
      the advisory committee of the Grantee that is established with the authority of the board of the directors of the Company. The
      share options will vest and become exercisable upon meeting certain vesting conditions. If the vesting conditions are not met,
      the share options will lapse.


      On 2 February 2017, the Company and the Grantee had agreed that the grant of 20,000,000 share options which was
      approved by the board on 22 September 2016 was cancelled at nil consideration. By the date of cancellation, no beneficiary
      had been nominated by the advisory committee of the Grantee and no options had been designated to any beneficiary, and
      thus the Group did not recognise any share-based payment expenses in relation to the cancelled 20,000,000 share options.
      On the same date, a total of 20,000,000 share options, each of which entitles the holders to subscribe for one ordinary
      share of the Company at an exercise price of HKD7.62 (which is the highest of the closing price of HKD7.30 per share and
      the average closing price of HKD7.62 per share) were granted to TMF, as the trustee of the Grantee under the Share Option
      Scheme for the benefits of the designated beneficiaries. The share options will vest and become exercisable upon meeting
      certain vesting conditions. If the vesting conditions are not met, the share options will lapse.




194    3SBIO INC.
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                               31 December 2024




35. Share incentive scheme (continued)

   Share option scheme adopted by the Company (continued)


   The following share options were outstanding under the Share Option scheme during the year:


                                                                     2024                                 2023
                                                            Weighted                             Weighted
                                                              average          Number              average            Number
                                                        exercise price      of options       exercise price         of options
                                                        HKD per share              ’000     HKD per share                ’000


    At 1 January                                                 7.62           16,486                7.62             16,536
    Granted during the year                                        —                 —                  —                   —
    Forfeited during the year                                      —                 —                  —                   —
    Exercised during the year                                      —                 —                7.62                 (50)
    Expired during the year                                        —                 —                  —                   —


    At 31 December                                               7.62           16,486                7.62             16,486


   The fair value of the share options at the grant date is estimated using a binomial option pricing model, taking into account
   the terms and conditions upon which the share options were granted. The contractual life of each option granted is ten years.
   There is no cash settlement of the share options. The fair value of share options granted on 2 February 2017 was estimated
   on the date of grant using the following assumptions:


   Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                       —
   Expected volatility (%)                                                                                              39.63
   Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                           1.91
   Expected contractual life of share options (years)                                                                   10.00
   Underlying share price (RMB)                                                                                          6.45
   Exercise price of each share option (RMB)                                                                             6.73


   At the end of the reporting period, the Company had 16,486,000 share options outstanding under the Share Option Scheme,
   which represented approximately 0.69% of the Company’s shares in issue as at that date.


   As the vesting period has passed, the share options have been fully amortised for the year ended 31 December 2024. No
   share-based payment expenses have been recorded in the consolidated statement of profit or loss during the year ended 31
   December 2024 (2023: Nil).




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024       195
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




35. Share incentive scheme (continued)

      Share award scheme adopted by the Company


      Share award scheme — 2024 Grants


      As part of the Group’s initiatives to recognise the contributions of the selected participants, attract suitable personnel, and
      provide the selected participants with a direct economic interest in establishing a long-term relationship with the Group, on 23
      September 2024, the board of directors of the Company approved to grant under the share award scheme (adopted in 2019,
      as described below) 40,357,688 shares to 270 employees of the Group. The share award is subject to vesting conditions,
      and the awarded shares will lapse if the vesting conditions are not met.


      The following awarded shares were outstanding during the year:


                                                                        2024                                   2023
                                                              Weighted             Number             Weighted              Number
                                                                average          of awarded             average         of awarded
                                                         exercise price              shares       exercise price             shares
                                                         HKD per share                  ’000     HKD per share                 ’000


       At 1 January                                                   —                   —                   —                   —
       Granted during the year                                        —          40,357,688                   —                   —
       Forfeited during the year                                      —                   —                   —                   —
       Exercised during the year                                      —                   —                   —                   —
       Expired during the year                                        —                   —                   —                   —


       At 31 December                                                 —          40,357,688                   —                   —


      The fair value of the awarded shares on the grant date was estimated using a binomial option pricing model, which took into
      account the terms and conditions under which the shares were granted. There is no cash settlement for the share awards.
      The fair value of the share awards granted on 23 September 2024 was estimated on the grant date using the following
      assumptions:


      Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                     3.00%
      Expected volatility (%)                                                                                          52.18–54.78
      Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                         2.53–2.69
      Expected contractual life of share award (years)                                                                         4.00
      Underlying share price (HKD)                                                                                             5.64

      The weighted average fair value of awarded shares granted during the year ended 31 December 2024 was HKD4.69 per
      share.


      In 2024, the Group had recorded share-based payment expenses of RMB25,491,000 in the consolidated statement of profit
      or loss.

196    3SBIO INC.
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                31 December 2024




35. Share incentive scheme (continued)

   Share award scheme adopted by the Company (continued)


   Share award scheme — 2019 Grants


   As part of the Group’s initiatives to recognise the contributions of the selected participants, attract suitable personnel and
   provide the selected participants with a direct economic interest in attaining a long-term relationship between the Group and
   the selected participants, on 16 July 2019, the board of the directors of the Company approved the adoption of the share
   award scheme and the award of a maximum of 10,000,000 shares to 37 independent employees of the Group. Such award is
   subject to vesting conditions and the awarded shares will lapse if the vesting conditions are not met. Since 23 March 2020, a
   total of 9,885,448 shares have been awarded to and vested with 32 employees of the Group at nil consideration.


   The fair value of the awarded shares at the grant date is estimated using a binomial option pricing model, taking into account
   the terms and conditions upon which the awarded shares were granted. There is no cash settlement of the awarded shares.
   The fair value of the awarded shares granted on 23 March 2020 was estimated on the date of grant using the following
   assumptions:


   Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                        —
   Expected volatility (%)                                                                                               44.83
   Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                            0.86
   Expected contractual life of share award (years)                                                                      10.00
   Underlying share price (RMB)                                                                                           5.12


   The 9,885,448 awarded shares were exercised in the previous year. No share-based payment expenses have been recorded
   in the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2024 (for the year ended 31 December 2023:
   RMB1,626,000).


   Share award granted to Dr. Zhu Zhenping


   On 7 September 2020, the board of the directors of the Company approved the grant of 10,000,000 shares through the
   share award scheme at nil consideration to Dr. Zhu Zhenping. The fair value of the 10,000,000 awarded shares granted to
   Dr. Zhu was approximately HKD84,400,000 on the grant date. No awarded shares were exercised during the period. At the
   end of the reporting period, the Company had 2,750,000 awarded shares outstanding under the share award scheme, which
   represented approximately 0.11% of the Company’s shares in issue as at that date.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024       197
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




35. Share incentive scheme (continued)

      Restricted share incentive plan adopted by Sunshine Guojian


      Restricted share incentive plan — 2024


      As part of the Group’s initiatives to recognise the contributions of the selected participants, attract suitable personnel and
      provide the selected participants with a direct economic interest in attaining a long-term relationship between the Group and
      the selected participants, the board of directors of Sunshine Guojian approved the adoption of a restricted share incentive
      plan. Sunshine Guojian granted 5,174,500 restricted shares with an exercise price of RMB11.95 per share to 92 employees
      on 31 July 2024. The restricted shares are subject to vesting conditions, and will lapse if the vesting conditions are not met.


      The following restricted shares were outstanding under the restricted share incentive plan during the year:


                                                                        2024                                     2023

                                                               Weighted          Number of              Weighted           Number of
                                                                average           restricted             average            restricted
                                                         exercise price               shares       exercise price              shares
                                                        RMB per share                    ’000     RMB per share                  ’000


       At 1 January                                                    —                   —                   —                   —
       Granted during the year                                      11.95          5,174,500                   —                   —
       Forfeited during the year                                       —                   —                   —                   —
       Exercised during the year                                       —                   —                   —                   —
       Expired during the year                                         —                   —                   —                   —


       At 31 December                                               11.95          5,174,500                   —                   —




198    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                  31 December 2024




35. Share incentive scheme (continued)

   Restricted share incentive plan adopted by Sunshine Guojian (continued)


   Restricted share incentive plan — 2024 (continued)


   The fair value of the restricted shares on the grant date was estimated using a binomial option pricing model, which took
   into account the terms and conditions under which the restricted shares were granted. There is no cash settlement for the
   restricted shares. The fair value of the restricted shares granted on 31 July 2024 was estimated on the grant date using the
   following assumptions:


   Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                        1.50
   Expected volatility (%)                                                                                           21.89–24.85
   Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                         1.53–1.82
   Expected contractual life of the restricted shares (years)                                                                4.00
   Underlying share price (RMB)                                                                                             17.86


   The weighted average fair value of restricted shares granted during the year ended 31 December 2024 was RMB5.66 per
   share.


   In 2024, Sunshine Guojian had recorded share-based payment expenses of RMB6,965,000 in the consolidated statement of
   profit or loss.


   Restricted share incentive plan — 2021 & 2022


   As part of the Group’s initiatives to recognise the contributions of the selected participants, attract suitable personnel and
   provide the selected participants with a direct economic interest in attaining a long-term relationship between the Group and
   the selected participants, the board of directors of Sunshine Guojian approved the adoption of the restricted share incentive
   plan of 2,670,600 shares with an exercise price of RMB4.00 per share, of which 2,243,500 restricted shares were granted
   to 139 employees and 427,100 restricted shares were granted to 33 employees of Sunshine Guojian on 8 April 2021 and
   16 February 2022, respectively. Vesting conditions upon which the restricted shares will vest and become exercisable by
   batch include revenue growth rate and the progress of research and development programs from 2021 to 2023. If the vesting
   conditions are not met, the restricted shares will lapse.


   The fair value of the restricted shares at the grant date is estimated using a binomial option pricing model, taking into account
   the terms and conditions upon which the restricted shares were granted. There is no cash settlement of the restricted shares.


   At the end of the reporting period, Sunshine Guojian had no restricted shares outstanding under the restricted share incentive
   plan. No share-based payment expenses have been recorded in the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year
   ended 31 December 2024 (for the year ended 31 December 2023: RMB6,282,000).

                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024       199
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




36. Reserves

      The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in
      equity.


      Statutory surplus reserves


      Pursuant to the relevant PRC rules and regulations, those PRC subsidiaries which are domestic enterprises in the PRC
      as mentioned in note 1 to the financial statements are required to transfer no less than 10% of their profits after taxation,
      as determined under PRC accounting regulations and their respective articles of association, to the statutory reserve until
      the reserve balance reaches 50% of the registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before the dividend
      distribution to shareholders.




200    3SBIO INC.
                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                          31 December 2024




37. Notes to the consolidated statement of cash flows

   (a)   Major non-cash transactions


         During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB23,882,000
         and RMB23,882,000, respectively, in respect of lease arrangements for certain buildings (2023: RMB6,678,000 and
         RMB6,678,000).


   (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities


         2024


                                                                    Bank and other             Lease              Bonds
                                                                       borrowings           liabilities          payable
                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000


          At 1 January 2024                                              3,574,336             37,548          1,225,959
          Changes from financing cash flows                              (1,386,261)          (18,029)           (50,964)
          New leases                                                              —            23,882                 —
          Interest accrual                                                 130,151              3,528             50,583
          Exchange realignment                                              (36,848)                —                520


          At 31 December 2024                                            2,281,378             46,929          1,226,098


         2023


                                                   Bank and other            Lease         Convertible            Bonds
                                                       borrowings          liabilities         bonds             payable
                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000


          At 1 January 2023                            2,315,007            39,821         2,163,735                  —
          Changes from financing cash flows            1,065,135            (12,210)       (2,315,477)         1,200,000
          New leases                                          —               6,678                 —                 —
          Interest accrual                               164,576              3,259            23,885             25,606
          Exchange realignment                            29,618                  —          127,857                 353


          At 31 December 2023                          3,574,336            37,548                  —          1,225,959




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024       201
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




37. Notes to the consolidated statement of cash flows (continued)

      (c)   Total cash outflow for leases


            The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:


                                                                                                             2024                   2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000


              Within operating activities                                                                    8,242                  8,437
              Within financing activities                                                                  18,029                  12,210


              Total                                                                                        26,271                  20,647



38. Contingent liabilities

      Arbitration of Sunshine Guojian


      In July 2021, Aohai Biotechnology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Aohai”) filed an arbitration application with Shanghai International
      Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for a dispute with regard to its collaboration with Sunshine Guojian and the
      application has been accepted. Aohai requested to terminate its cooperation agreement with Sunshine Guojian signed in
      December 2015 with a compensation of RMB131.4 million. In August 2021, Sunshine Guojian received the dispute notice
      with a compensation of RMB131.1 million. In December 2022, Aohai altered the dispute application with a compensation of
      RMB401.02 million. At the date of approval of the consolidated financial statements, the arbitration is still in progress.


      The directors of the Company has made an overall analysis including obtaining a legal opinion from an external lawyer,
      according to which, the possibility of the compensation is remote. There is no significant impact to the consolidated financial
      statements as at 31 December 2024.



39. Pledge of assets

      Details of the Group’s interest-bearing bank and other borrowings which are secured by the assets of the Group are included
      in note 31 to the financial statements.




202    3SBIO INC.
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                  31 December 2024




40. Commitments

   The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                       2024                 2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000


    Contracted, but not provided for:
       Plant and machinery                                                                          435,272             526,884
       Capital contribution payable to funds                                                        466,667             466,667


    Total                                                                                           901,939             993,551



41. Related party transactions

   Details of the Group’s principal related parties are as follows:


    Company                                                           Relationship


    Shenyang Sunshine Logistics Co., Ltd.                             Joint venture
       (“Shenyang Sunshine Logistics”)
    Tieling Staff Hospital (“Tieling Staff Hospital”)                 Associate
    Dalian Huansheng Medical Management Co., Ltd.                     Under control of certain middle management personnel of
       (“Dalian Huansheng”)                                             the Company
    Zhejiang Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd                         Under control of certain middle management personnel of
       (“Zhejiang Sunshine”)                                            the Company
    Medical Recovery Limited (“Medical Recovery”)                     Under control of directors of the Company
    Shanghai Huansheng Enterprise Consulting Co., Ltd.                A non-controlling shareholders of Liaoning Sansheng
       (“Shanghai Huansheng”)                                           Private Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership)
    Shanghai Sunshine Guojian Biotechnology                           A private non-enterprise unit set up by Sunshine Guojian
       Research Institute (“Guojian Biotechnology”)




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024        203
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




41. Related party transactions (continued)

      (a)   The Group had the following other transactions with related parties during the year:


                                                                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000


                   Lease from Shenyang Sunshine Logistics                                                                               3,828              3,805
                   Services received from Dalian Huansheng                                                                              6,362              3,383
                   Lease to Guojian Biotechnology                                                                                         55                   55
                   Services received from Guojian Biotechnology                                                                          600                  100
                   Sales of products to Tieling Staff Hospital                                                                           767                  632


            *          The service prices were negotiated by the Group and the related parties in accordance with the market price.



      (b)   The Group had the following loans and prepayments with related parties during the year:


                                                                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                                          Notes                  RMB’000               RMB’000


                   Loans to Dalian Huansheng                                                                 (i)                       12,549             12,229
                   Loans to Zhejiang Sunshine                                                                (ii)                      86,100             86,100
                   Loans to Medical Recovery                                                                 (iii)                    267,843           258,250
                   Loans to Tieling Staff Hospital                                                          (iv)                       35,646                   —
                   Loans to Shanghai Huansheng                                                               (v)                       10,070                   —


            Notes:


            (i)        It represents a loan to Dalian Huansheng with the principal amount of RMB10,000,000 at an annual interest rate of 4.35% per annum. Pursuant to
                       a supplemental agreement dated 25 May 2023, the maturity date was extended to 25 May 2024 and the interest rate was changed to 3.29% and
                       pursuant to a supplemental agreement dated 25 May 2024, the maturity date was extended to 26 May 2025. The accrued interest for the year of
                       2024 was RMB310,000 (2023: RMB313,000).


            (ii)       On 8 August 2019, Shenyang Sunshine provided an entrusted loan with the principal amount of RMB30,000,000 to Zhejiang Sunshine at an annual
                       interest rate of 3.48% per annum. In 2023, Shenyang Sansheng exempted Zhejiang Sansheng from interest amounting to RMB4,391,000 and the
                       nature of the loan was changed to an interest-free loan and the amount of loan with no interest is RMB30,000,000. Pursuant to a supplemental
                       agreement dated 7 August 2024, the maturity date was extended to 7 August 2025.



                       On 30 November 2020, Shenyang Sunshine provided an entrusted loan with the principal amount of RMB55,000,000 to Zhejiang Sunshine at an
                       annual interest rate of 3.15% per annum. In 2023, Shenyang Sansheng exempted Zhejiang Sansheng from interest amounting to RMB5,203,000
                       and the nature of the loan was changed to an interest-free loan and the amount of loan with no interest is RMB55,000,000. Pursuant to a
                       supplemental agreement dated 16 December 2024, the maturity date was extended to 16 December 2025.


                       On 8 August 2018, Xing Sheng provided a loan of RMB1,100,000 to Zhejiang Sunshine with no maturity date and interest.

204    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                                 31 December 2024




41. Related party transactions (continued)

   (b)   The Group had the following loans and prepayments with related parties during the year:
         (continued)

         Notes: (continued)


         (iii)     It represents a loan to Medical Recovery with the principal amount of USD30,000,000 at an annual interest rate of 4.00% per annum and a maturity
                   date on 17 July 2023, which was secured by mortgages over all assets of Medical Recovery. Pursuant to a supplemental agreement dated 17 July
                   2023, the maturity date was extended to 17 July 2026. The accrued interest for the year of 2024 was RMB6,422,000 (2023: RMB10,738,000).
                   Medical Recovery is a company set up for purposes of The Sun Shine Trust. The Sun Shine Trust is a gratuitous incentive scheme set up by certain
                   directors of the Group and it was established prior to the listing of the Company and Medical Recovery is considered a related party of the Group.


         (iv)      Pursuant to a tripartite agreement dated 5 August 2024, Sunshine Mandi obtained the claims on two loans to Tieling Staff Hospital from a third party
                   with the total principal amount of RMB32,700,000 and offset the claims against the third party with the same amount accordingly. The two loans
                   obtained represented a loan with the principal amount of RMB27,200,000 at an annual interest rate of 4.50% per annum with a maturity date on 31
                   December 2027 and a loan with the principal amount of RMB5,500,000 at an annual interest rate of 3.29% per annum with a maturity date on 31
                   December 2029. The accrued interest during the year amounted to RMB472,000 and RMB70,000, respectively.


                   On 1 September 2024, Sunshine Mandi provided a loan with the principal amount of RMB2,380,000 to Tieling Staff Hospital at an annual interest
                   rate of 3.29% per annum and a maturity date on 31 December 2029. The accrued interest during the year amounted to RMB25,000.


         (v)       On 15 September 2024, Shenyang Sunshine provided a loan with the principal amount of RMB10,000,000 to Shanghai Huansheng at an annual
                   interest rate of 2.50% per annum and a maturity date on 14 September 2029. The accrued interest during the year amounted to RMB70,000.



   (c)   Outstanding balances with related parties:


         The Group had the following significant balances with its related parties at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                                                     2024                     2023
                                                                                                                               RMB’000                   RMB’000


             Due from related parties
                 Medical Recovery                                                                                                200,779                  191,186
                 Tieling Staff Hospital                                                                                           35,757                        405
                 Shanghai Huansheng                                                                                               10,070                          —
                 Shenyang Sunshine Logistics                                                                                        3,836                     3,813
                 Dalian Huansheng                                                                                                       26                        —


             Total                                                                                                               250,468                  195,404




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024              205
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




41. Related party transactions (continued)

      (d)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:


                                                                                    2024      2023
                                                                                 RMB’000   RMB’000


             Fees                                                                  3,781     5,496


             Other emoluments:
                Salaries, allowances, bonuses and other benefits                  11,105    10,674
                Equity-settled compensation expenses                               4,137        —
                Pension scheme contributions                                       1,088     1,185


             Subtotal                                                             16,330    11,859


             Total                                                                20,111    17,355


            Further details of directors’ remuneration are included in note 8.




206    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                    31 December 2024




42. Financial instruments by category

   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


   2024


   Financial assets


                                                                                             Financial assets
                                                                                                 at fair value
                                                              Financial assets                 through other
                                                                at fair value                comprehensive
                                                           through profit or loss                    income

                                                        Designated          Mandatorily                          Financial assets
                                                      as such upon              designated             Equity       at amortised
                                                  initial recognition              as such        investment                cost              Total
                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000


    Equity investments designated at fair value
       through other comprehensive income                         —                     —            817,951                  —             817,951
    Derivative financial instruments                              —                  8,547                 —                  —               8,547
    Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss                                     3,769,187                     —                  —                  —           3,769,187
    Financial assets included in prepayments,
       other receivables and other assets                         —                     —                  —             637,867            637,867
    Trade and notes receivables                                   —                     —                  —           1,358,543          1,358,543
    Cash and cash balances                                        —                     —                  —           2,549,143          2,549,143
    Pledged deposits                                              —                     —                  —             178,568            178,568
    Non-pledged time deposits                                     —                     —                  —           1,621,381          1,621,381


    Total                                                 3,769,187                  8,547           817,951           6,345,502         10,941,187




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024         207
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




42. Financial instruments by category (continued)

      The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
      (continued)


      2024 (continued)


      Financial liabilities


                                                                                                                       Financial
                                                                                                                    liabilities at
                                                                                                                amortised cost
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


       Trade and bills payables                                                                                          179,561
       Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                                   1,434,547
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                                      2,281,378
       Bonds payable                                                                                                   1,226,098


       Total                                                                                                           5,121,584




208    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                             31 December 2024




42. Financial instruments by category (continued)

   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
   (continued)


   2023


   Financial assets

                                                                                     Financial assets
                                                                                         at fair value
                                                                Financial assets       through other
                                                            at fair value through    comprehensive
                                                                   profit or loss            income
                                                                     Designated
                                                                  as such upon                Equity      Financial assets
                                                               initial recognition       investment      at amortised cost             Total
                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000


    Equity investments designated at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                              —            521,724                    —             521,724
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss             3,302,596                    —                   —           3,302,596
    Financial assets included in prepayments,
       other receivables and other assets                                      —                   —           1,097,227           1,097,227
    Trade and notes receivables                                                —                   —           1,145,884           1,145,884
    Cash and cash balances                                                     —                   —           2,689,485           2,689,485
    Pledged deposits                                                           —                   —             195,432             195,432
    Non-pledged time deposits                                                  —                   —           2,015,347           2,015,347


    Total                                                             3,302,596             521,724            7,143,375          10,967,695




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024       209
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




42. Financial instruments by category (continued)

      The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
      (continued)


      2023 (continued)


      Financial liabilities


                                                                                                                             Financial
                                                                                                                           liabilities at
                                                                                                                        amortised cost
                                                                                                                             RMB’000


       Trade and bills payables                                                                                               212,062
       Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                                        1,060,488
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                                           3,574,336
       Bonds payable                                                                                                        1,225,959


       Total                                                                                                                6,072,845



43. Transfers of financial assets

      As at 31 December 2024, the Group endorsed certain notes receivable (the “Derecognised Bills”) accepted by major banks
      in Mainland China (the “PRC banks”) to certain of its suppliers in order to settle the trade payables due to such suppliers
      with a carrying amount totalling approximately RMB6,904,000 (2023: RMB7,642,000). The Derecognised Bills had a maturity
      of one to six months at the end of the reporting period. In accordance with the Law of Negotiable Instruments in the PRC,
      the holders of the Derecognised Bills have a right of recourse against the Group if the PRC banks default (the “Continuing
      Involvement”). In the opinion of the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the
      Derecognised Bills. Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the Derecognised Bills and the associated
      trade payables. The maximum exposure to loss from the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills and the
      undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these Derecognised Bills is equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of the
      directors, the fair values of the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills are not significant.


      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group had not recognised any gain or loss on the date of transfer of the
      Derecognised Bills. No gains or losses were recognised from the Continuing Involvement, both during the year or cumulatively.
      The endorsements had been made evenly throughout the year.




210    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                               31 December 2024




44. Fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial instruments

   The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying amounts that
   reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:


                                                             Carrying amounts                         Fair values
                                                       31 December          31 December     31 December         31 December
                                                                 2024                2023             2024               2023
                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000


    Financial assets
    Equity investments designated at fair value
      through other comprehensive income                     817,951             521,724          817,951             521,724
    Financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                                3,769,187          3,302,596        3,769,187           3,302,596
    Non-pledged time deposits:
      non-current                                           1,621,381          2,015,347        1,630,866           2,016,558
    Derivative financial instruments                            8,547                  —             8,547                  —


    Total                                                   6,217,066          5,839,667        6,226,551           5,840,878


    Financial liabilities
    Interest-bearing bank borrowings:
      non-current                                              37,628          1,462,733            37,174          1,424,483
    Bonds payable                                           1,226,098          1,225,959        1,226,098           1,225,959


    Total                                                   1,263,726          2,688,692        1,263,272           2,650,442


   Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade and notes receivables,
   trade and bills payables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, financial liabilities
   included in other payables and accruals, the current portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings approximate to
   their carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024       211
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




44. Fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial instruments
    (continued)

      The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies and procedures
      for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance manager reports directly to the chief financial officer
      and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the movements in the values of financial
      instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief
      financial officer. The valuation process and results are discussed with the audit committee twice a year for interim and annual
      financial reporting.


      The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in
      a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions
      were used to estimate the fair values:


      The fair values of the non-current portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, bonds payable and
      non-pledged time deposits have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available
      for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s
      own non-performance risk for interest-bearing bank and other borrowings as at 31 December 2024 were assessed to be
      insignificant.


      The fair values of listed equity investments are based on quoted market prices. The fair values of unlisted equity investments
      designated at fair value through other comprehensive income have been estimated using a market-based valuation
      technique based on assumptions that are not supported by observable market prices or rates. The valuation requires the
      directors to determine comparable public companies (peers) based on industry, size, leverage and strategy, and to calculate
      an appropriate price multiple, such as enterprise value to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation
      (“EV/EBITDA”) multiple and price to earnings (“P/E”) multiple, for each comparable company identified. The multiple is
      calculated by dividing the enterprise value of the comparable company by an earnings measure. The trading multiple is then
      discounted for considerations such as illiquidity and size differences between the comparable companies based on company-
      specific facts and circumstances. The discounted multiple is applied to the corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted
      equity investments to measure the fair value. The directors believe that the estimated fair values resulting from the valuation
      technique, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and the related changes in fair values, which
      are recorded in other comprehensive income, are reasonable, and that they were the most appropriate values at the end of
      the reporting period.


      The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent treasury or cash management products issued by banks and
      other financial institutions in Mainland China and other countries. The Group has estimated the fair value of an unlisted
      investment by using a discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar
      terms and risks.




212    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2024




44. Fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial instruments
    (continued)
   Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments together with a quantitative
   sensitivity analysis as at 31 December 2024 and 2023:

                                  Valuation          Significant
                                  technique          unobservable input      Range             Sensitivity of fair value to the input


    Unlisted equity investments   Market approach    Discount for lack of    2024:             10% (2023: 10%)
                                                       marketability           (10%) to 10%      increase/decrease in discount
                                                                             (2023:              would result in decrease/increase
                                                                               (10%) to 10%)     in fair value of RMB2,644,000/
                                                                                                 RMB2,644,000, respectively
                                                                                                 (2023: RMB46,000/RMB46,000)


   The discount for lack of marketability represents the amounts of premiums and discounts determined by the Group that
   market participants would take into account when pricing the investments.


   Fair value hierarchy

   The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:


   Assets measured at fair value:

   As at 31 December 2024

                                                                   Fair value measurement using
                                                      Quoted prices           Significant        Significant
                                                           in active          observable       unobservable
                                                           markets                inputs             inputs
                                                           (Level 1)            (Level 2)          (Level 3)                Total
                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000            RMB’000                RMB’000

    Equity investments designated at fair value
       through other comprehensive income:
       Listed equity investments                              281,111                  —                     —              281,111
       Unlisted equity investments                                 —              536,840                    —              536,840
    Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss:
       Treasury or cash management products                 2,354,337           1,414,850                    —            3,769,187
       Derivative financial instruments                            —                8,547                    —                8,547

    Total                                                   2,635,448           1,960,237                    —            4,595,685



                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024            213
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




44. Fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial instruments
    (continued)

      Fair value hierarchy (continued)


      Assets measured at fair value: (continued)


      As at 31 December 2023

                                                                       Fair value measurement using
                                                            Quoted prices            Significant        Significant
                                                                 in active          observable       unobservable
                                                                 markets                 inputs             inputs
                                                                 (Level 1)             (Level 2)          (Level 3)              Total
                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000            RMB’000               RMB’000


       Equity investments designated at fair value
          through other comprehensive income:
          Listed equity investments                               104,133                  —                     —             104,133
          Unlisted equity investments                                  —              417,591                    —             417,591
       Financial assets at fair value through
          profit or loss:
          Treasury or cash management products                          —           3,302,596                    —           3,302,596


       Total                                                      104,133           3,720,187                    —           3,824,320


      The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023.


      During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or out
      of Level 3 for financial liabilities (2023: Nil), and there were no transfers of fair value measurements from Level 3 to Level 1 for
      financial assets (2023: Nil).




214    3SBIO INC.
                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                          31 December 2024




44. Fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial instruments
    (continued)

   Fair value hierarchy (continued)


   Assets for which fair values are disclosed:


   As at 31 December 2024


                                                          Fair value measurement using

                                                 Quoted prices        Significant          Significant
                                                      in active       observable      unobservable
                                                      markets              inputs              inputs
                                                      (Level 1)          (Level 2)           (Level 3)             Total
                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000


    Non-pledged time deposits:
      non-current                                            —         1,630,866                    —         1,630,866


   As at 31 December 2023


                                                            Fair value measurement using

                                                  Quoted prices         Significant         Significant
                                                       in active       observable      unobservable
                                                       markets              inputs              inputs
                                                       (Level 1)          (Level 2)           (Level 3)            Total
                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000


    Non-pledged time deposits:
      non-current                                            —         2,016,558                    —         2,016,558




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024      215
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




44. Fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial instruments
    (continued)

      Fair value hierarchy (continued)


      Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:


      As at 31 December 2024


                                                                  Fair value measurement using

                                                         Quoted prices        Significant          Significant
                                                              in active       observable      unobservable
                                                              markets              inputs              inputs
                                                              (Level 1)          (Level 2)           (Level 3)        Total
                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000


       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings:
         non-current                                                 —             37,174                   —       37,174
       Bonds payable                                                 —         1,226,098                    —     1,226,098


       Total                                                         —         1,263,272                    —     1,263,272


      As at 31 December 2023


                                                                    Fair value measurement using

                                                          Quoted prices         Significant         Significant
                                                               in active       observable      unobservable
                                                               markets              inputs              inputs
                                                               (Level 1)          (Level 2)           (Level 3)       Total
                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000      RMB’000


       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings:
         non-current                                                 —         1,424,483                    —     1,424,483
       Convertible bonds                                             —         1,225,959                    —     1,225,959


       Total                                                         —         2,650,442                    —     2,650,442




216    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2024




45. Financial risk management objectives and policies

   The Group’s principal financial instruments, other than derivatives, comprise interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, lease
   liabilities, bonds payable and cash short term deposits. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for
   the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities, such as trade and notes receivables and
   trade and bills payables, which arise directly from its operations.


   The Group also enters into derivative transactions, including principally forward currency contracts. The purpose is to manage
   the currency risks arising from the Group’s operations and its sources of finance.


   The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk, liquidity
   risk and equity price risk. The board of directors and senior management meet periodically to analyse and formulate measures
   to manage the Group’s exposure to these risks.


   Interest rate risk


   The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk due to fluctuations in the prevailing market interest rates on cash and
   cash equivalents, and pledged and non-pledged deposits. Management considers that these bank balances are not sensitive
   to fluctuations in interest rates.


   The Group’s interest rate risk relates primarily to bank borrowings. The Group currently does not have an interest rate hedging
   policy. However, management monitors interest rate exposure and will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure
   should the need arise. The Group’s interest rate profile as monitored by management is set out in note 31 to the financial
   statements.


   Foreign currency risk


   The Group’s business is mainly located in Mainland China and most transactions are conducted in RMB. Most of the Group’s
   assets and liabilities were denominated in RMB, except for certain bank balances denominated in USD, HKD, GBP, JPY, AUD
   and EUR as disclosed in note 26, non-current portion of interest-bearing bank borrowings denominated in USD, HKD and
   EUR as disclosed in note 31 to the financial statements.


   The Group’s assets and liabilities denominated in USD and EUR were mainly held by the Company and certain subsidiaries
   incorporated outside Mainland China which had USD and EUR as their functional currencies, and the Group did not have
   material foreign currency transactions during the year.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024       217
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




45. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

      Credit risk


      As at 31 December 2024, all pledged deposits and cash and cash equivalents were deposited in high quality financial
      institutions without significant credit risk.


      The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who wish
      to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an
      ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not significant.


      Maximum exposure and year-end staging


      The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit policy, which is
      mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging
      classification as at 31 December 2024. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.


      As at 31 December 2024


                                                      12-month
                                                         ECLs                   Lifetime ECLs

                                                                                                     Simplified
                                                       Stage 1        Stage 2          Stage 3       approach              Total
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


       Trade and notes receivables*                         —               —                —        1,358,543        1,358,543
       Financial assets included in
          prepayments, other receivables
          and other assets*
          — Normal**                                   637,867              —                —                —          637,867
          — Doubtful**                                      —               —                —                —                —
       Pledged deposits
          — Not yet past due                           178,568              —                —                —          178,568
       Cash and cash balances
          — Not yet past due                          2,549,143             —                —                —        2,549,143
       Non-pledged time deposits
          — Not yet past due                          1,621,381             —                —                —        1,621,381


       Total                                          4,986,959             —                —        1,358,543        6,345,502

218    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                                           31 December 2024




45. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

   Credit risk (continued)


   Maximum exposure and year-end staging (continued)


   As at 31 December 2023


                                                                   12-month
                                                                         ECLs                                Lifetime ECLs

                                                                                                                                           Simplified
                                                                      Stage 1                 Stage 2                 Stage 3              approach                      Total
                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000                 RMB’000                 RMB’000                 RMB’000


        Trade and notes receivables*                                          —                       —                      —            1,145,884               1,145,884
        Financial assets included in
          prepayments, other receivables
          and other assets*
          — Normal**                                              1,097,227                           —                      —                       —            1,097,227
          — Doubtful**                                                        —                       —                      —                       —                       —
        Pledged deposits
          — Not yet past due                                          195,432                         —                      —                       —               195,432
        Cash and cash balances
          — Not yet past due                                      2,689,485                           —                      —                       —            2,689,485
        Non-pledged time deposits
          — Not yet past due                                      2,015,347                           —                      —                       —            2,015,347


        Total                                                     5,997,491                           —                      —            1,145,884               7,143,375


   *        For trade and notes receivables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets to which the Group applies the simplified
            approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix is disclosed in note 23 and note 24 to the financial statements.


   **       The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be “normal” when they are not past
            due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality
            of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.



   Since the Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties, there is no requirement for collateral. Concentrations
   of credit risk are managed by customer/counterparty and by geographical region. There are no significant concentrations of
   credit risk within the Group as the customer bases of the Group’s trade and notes receivables are widely dispersed in different
   regions.


                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024                 219
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




45. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

      Liquidity risk


      The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds based on the maturity of its financial assets and financial liabilities and
      projected cash flows from operations.


      The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of interest-bearing
      bank and other borrowings, bonds payable, lease liabilities and issue of new debts or equity instruments. The directors have
      reviewed the Group’s profitability, working capital and capital expenditure requirements and determined that the Group has
      no significant liquidity risk.


      Due to the Group’s supplier finance arrangements, the relevant trade payables are due to a single counterparty rather than
      individual suppliers. This results in the Group being required to settle a significant amount with a single counterparty, rather
      than less significant amounts with a number of suppliers. However, the Group’s payment terms for trade payables covered
      by the arrangements are either identical to the payment terms for other trade payables or extended to not more than 180
      days. Management does not consider the supplier finance arrangements to result in excessive concentrations of liquidity risk
      given the payment terms are not significantly extended. Details of the arrangements are disclosed in note 27 to the financial
      statements.


      The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at the end of the reporting period, based on the contractual undiscounted
      payments, is as follows:


      Group


                                                                                             2024
                                                               Less than
                                                                   1 year        1 to 5 years       Over 5 years                 Total
                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000


       Financial liabilities:
       Trade and bills payables                                  179,561                    —                   —             179,561
       Financial liabilities included in other
          payables and accruals                                1,434,547                    —                   —           1,434,547
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings              2,243,750               37,628                   —           2,281,378
       Bonds payable                                           1,226,098                    —                   —           1,226,098
       Lease liabilities                                           17,454               9,607              26,478              53,539


       Total                                                   5,101,410               47,235              26,478           5,175,123


220    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                       31 December 2024




45. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

   Liquidity risk (continued)


   Group (continued)


                                                                                             2023
                                                               Less than
                                                                   1 year        1 to 5 years        Over 5 years                  Total
                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000


    Financial liabilities:
    Trade and bills payables                                    212,062                     —                   —              212,062
    Financial liabilities included in other
       payables and accruals                                  1,060,488                     —                   —            1,060,488
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                2,111,603            1,448,733               14,000            3,574,336
    Bonds payable                                                      —           1,225,959                    —            1,225,959
    Lease liabilities                                              5,876               39,315                   —               45,191


    Total                                                     3,390,029            2,714,007               14,000            6,118,036


   Equity price risk


   Equity price risk is the risk that the fair values of equity securities decrease as a result of changes in the levels of equity indices
   and the value of individual securities. The Group is exposed to equity price risk arising from individual equity investments
   included in equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (note 20) as at 31 December
   2024 and 31 December 2023. The Group’s major listed equity investments during the year ended 31 December 2024 were
   listed on the Euronext Stock Market (“Euronext”) and Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Market (“HKEX”) and were valued
   at quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period.


   At 31 December 2024, if the quoted market price of these financial assets held by the Group had increased/decreased by
   10%, with all other variables held constant, other comprehensive income and equity would have been RMB28,111,000 (2023:
   RMB10,413,000) and RMB28,111,000 (2023: RMB10,413,000) higher/lower respectively as a result of the changes in fair
   value of these financial assets.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024        221
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




45. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

      Capital management

      The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
      and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders’ value.


      The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions. To
      maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may issue new shares or debt instruments. No changes were made in the
      objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the year ended 31 December 2024.


      The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities and
      bonds payable divided by the total equity.


      The gearing ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:


                                                                                                 31 December       31 December
                                                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000


       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings (note 31)                                          2,281,378         3,574,336
       Lease liabilities (note15(b))                                                                     46,929           37,548
       Bonds payable (note 32)                                                                       1,226,098         1,225,959


       Net debt                                                                                      3,554,405         4,837,843


       Total equity                                                                                 18,036,330       16,513,600
       Gearing ratio                                                                                     19.7%            29.3%



46. Event after the reporting period
      A final dividend in respect of the year 2024 of HKD0.25 per share was proposed pursuant to a resolution passed by the Board
      of the Company on 25 March 2025 and subject to the approval of the shareholders at the 2024 annual general meeting of the
      Company.


      On 25 March 2025, the board of directors and the board of supervisors of Sunshine Guojian reviewed and approved the
      profit distribution plan for the year 2024, which included a cash dividend of RMB55,510,721.37 (equivalent to a cash dividend
      of RMB0.09 per share). This profit distribution plan was still subject to the approval of the 2024 annual general meeting of
      Sunshine Guojian.



222    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                  31 December 2024




47. Statement of financial position of the Company
   Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000


    NON-CURRENT ASSETS
    Investments in subsidiaries                                                                    3,284,761           3,214,824
    Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income                   334,115             139,971


    Total non-current assets                                                                       3,618,876           3,354,795


    CURRENT ASSETS
    Due from subsidiaries                                                                          2,275,320           2,502,081
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                  8                  —
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                         10,930              34,929


    Total current assets                                                                           2,286,258           2,537,010


    CURRENT LIABILITIES
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                       722,009           1,259,060
    Bonds payable                                                                                  1,226,098                  —
    Other payables and accruals                                                                    1,304,168              24,216


    Total current liabilities                                                                      3,252,275           1,283,276


    NET CURRENT (LIABILITIES)/ASSETS                                                                (966,017)          1,253,734


    TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                          2,652,859           4,608,529


    NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
    Bonds payable                                                                                          —           1,225,959


    Total non-current liabilities                                                                          —           1,225,959


    Net assets                                                                                     2,652,859           3,382,570


    EQUITY
    Share capital                                                                                        146                 149
    Share premium (note)                                                                           2,638,218           3,426,160
    Treasury shares                                                                                 (235,641)           (235,641)
    Other reserves (note)                                                                            250,136             191,902


    Total equity                                                                                   2,652,859           3,382,570



                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024      223
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024




47. Statement of financial position of the Company (continued)
      Note:


      A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                                  Exchange
                                                  Share    Contributed   Treasury    Fair value   fluctuation   Accumulated
                                                premium        surplus     shares      reserve       reserve         losses        Total
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000


      At 1 January 2023                       3,602,310       158,990    (235,641)   (130,683)      285,776         (55,840)   3,624,912


      Total comprehensive loss for
        the year                                      —            —           —        1,614        63,681         (84,867)     (19,572)
      Final 2022 dividend                      (224,883)           —           —            —             —              —      (224,883)
      Shares issued upon exercise of
        share options (note 35)                  48,733       (48,396)         —            —             —              —          337
      Equity-settled share option scheme              —         1,627          —            —             —              —         1,627


      At 31 December 2023                     3,426,160       112,221    (235,641)   (129,069)      349,457        (140,707)   3,382,421


      Total comprehensive income for
        the year                                      —            —           —      (26,113)       40,385          18,471      32,743
      Final 2023 dividend                      (545,302)           —           —            —             —              —      (545,302)
      Shares repurchased                              —            —     (242,448)          —             —              —      (242,448)
      Shares cancelled                         (242,640)           —     242,448            —             —              —          (192)
      Equity-settled share option scheme
        (note 35)                                     —        25,491          —            —             —              —       25,491


      At 31 December 2024                     2,638,218       137,712    (235,641)   (155,182)      389,842        (122,236)   2,652,713




48. Approval of the financial statements

      The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 25 March 2025.




224    3SBIO INC.
