(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
 Stock Code : 1530 Convertible Bonds Code 40285




INTERIM
中   期   REPORT
         報   告                                                INTERIM REPORT
Contents
2    Company Overview

3    Corporate Information

5    Financial Highlights

6    Management Discussion and Analysis

26   Corporate Governance and Other Information

38   Independent Review Report

40   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

41   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

42   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

44   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

46   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

48   Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
Company Overview

3SBio Inc. (the “Company” or “3SBio”, with its subsidiaries collectively, the “Group”) is a leading biotechnology company in the
People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). As a pioneer in the Chinese biotechnology industry, the Group has extensive expertise in
researching, developing, manufacturing and marketing bio-pharmaceuticals. The core products of the Group include several bio-
pharmaceutical drugs, TPIAO (特比澳), recombinant human erythropoietin (“rhEPO”) products EPIAO (益比奥) and SEPO (賽博爾),
Yisaipu (益賽普) and Cipterbin (賽普汀), and a small molecule drug, Mandi (蔓迪). TPIAO is the only commercialized recombinant
human thrombopoietin (“rhTPO”) product in the world. According to IQVIA1, the market share in the treatment of thrombocytopenia
of TPIAO in Mainland China2 was 66.2% in the first half of 2024 in terms of sales value. With its two rhEPO products, the Group has
been the premier market leader in the Mainland China rhEPO market for over two decades, holding a total market share of 42.7%
in the first half of 2024. Yisaipu is the first-to-market Tumour Necrosis Factor (“TNF”) α inhibitor product in Mainland China. Mandi
has a dominant position in the Mainland China minoxidil market. The Group has been expanding its therapeutic coverage by adding
products through internal research and development (“R&D”) and various external strategic partnerships. In the first half of 2024, the
Group introduced Semaglutide Injection, actively deploying in the domestic weight management market.


As at 30 June 2024, amongst the 28 product candidates within the Group’s active pipeline, 25 were being developed as innovative
drugs in Mainland China. Out of these product candidates, 15 are antibodies, 7 are other biologic products, and 6 are small
molecule entities. The Group has 12 product candidates in hematology/oncology; 10 product candidates that target auto-immune
diseases including rheumatoid arthritis (“RA”) and other diseases including refractory gout and ophthalmological diseases such as
branch retinal vein occlusion (“BRVO”); 4 product candidates in nephrology; 1 product candidate in dermatology and 1 product
candidate in metabolic diseases.


The Group operates in a highly attractive industry. Biotechnology has revolutionized the pharmaceutical industry by addressing
unmet medical needs and offering innovative treatments for a wide array of human diseases. In Mainland China, the biotechnology
industry enjoys strong government support and has been selected by the State Council of the PRC as a key strategic emerging
industry. Strong government support along with increasing physician adoption of biopharmaceuticals has driven strong industry
growth in Mainland China.


The Group is positioned for global expansion. In the six months ended 30 June 2024 (the “Reporting Period”), the Group’s
products were sold in 16 countries. In the long-term, the Group aims to market its products in developed countries. Furthermore,
the Group is collaborating with international partners to develop and market the Group’s product candidates, such as pegsiticase
and anti-programmed cell death protein 1 (“PD-1”) monoclonal antibody (“mAb”). The Group aims to focus its R&D to provide
innovative therapeutics for patients in Mainland China and globally.


As at 30 June 2024, the Group had operation facilities in Shenyang, Shanghai, Hangzhou and Shenzhen, all in Mainland China,
as well as in Como, Italy, with 5,607 employees. The Group’s pharmaceutical products are marketed and sold in all provinces,
autonomous regions and special municipalities in Mainland China, as well as a number of foreign countries and regions. During the
Reporting Period, the Group’s nationwide sales and distribution network enabled it to sell its products to over 9,700 hospitals and
medical institutions in Mainland China.


1
      All market share information throughout this report cites the IQVIA data, unless otherwise noted.
2
      Hereinafter referred to as the mainland area of the PRC.



2       3SBIO INC.
                                                    Corporate Information


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                      NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Executive Directors                                     Dr. LOU Jing (Chairman)
Dr. LOU Jing (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)       Mr. PU Tianruo
Ms. SU Dongmei                                          Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry


Non-executive Directors                                 REGISTERED OFFICE
Ms. ZHANG Jiaoe (appointed on 25 June 2024)
Mr. HUANG Bin (retired on 25 June 2024)
                                                         (IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS)
                                                        Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
                                                        PO Box 2681
Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                        Grand Cayman, KY1-1111
Mr. PU Tianruo
                                                        Cayman Islands
Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi
Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry
Dr. ZHANG Dan (retired on 25 June 2024)                 HEADQUARTERS
                                                        No. 3 A1, Road 10
                                                        Shenyang Economy and Technology Development Zone
COMPANY SECRETARY                                       Shenyang
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen
                                                        PRC


AUTHORIZED                                              PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
 REPRESENTATIVES                                         BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Ms. SU Dongmei
                                                        5/F, Manulife Place
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen
                                                        348 Kwun Tong Road
                                                        Kowloon
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                         Hong Kong SAR
Mr. PU Tianruo (Chairman)                               PRC
Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi
Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry
                                                        PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                         AND TRANSFER OFFICE
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                        Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi (Chairwoman)
                                                        Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
Mr. PU Tianruo
                                                        PO Box 2681
Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry
                                                        Grand Cayman, KY1-1111
  (appointment effective on 25 June 2024)
                                                        Cayman Islands
Dr. ZHANG Dan (committee membership ended upon
  retirement on 25 June 2024)




                                                                                         Interim Report 2024   3
Corporate Information




HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR                           AUDITOR
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited   Ernst & Young
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor                         Certified Public Accountants
Hopewell Centre                                     Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
183 Queen’s Road East                               27th Floor, One Taikoo Place
Wanchai, Hong Kong SAR                              979 King’s Road
PRC                                                 Quarry Bay
                                                    Hong Kong SAR
                                                    PRC
LEGAL ADVISERS
As to Hong Kong law and United States law:
Baker & McKenzie                                    SECURITIES CODE
14th Floor, One Taikoo Place                        Shares Listing
979 King’s Road                                     Ordinary Shares
Quarry Bay                                          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Hong Kong SAR                                       (Stock Code: 01530)
PRC

                                                    COMPANY’S WEBSITE
As to PRC law:
                                                    www.3sbio.com
Jingtian & Gongcheng
34th Floor, Tower 3, China Central Place
77 Jianguo Road
                                                    PRINCIPAL BANK
Chaoyang District
                                                    Industrial Bank Co., Ltd., Shenyang Branch
                                                    No. 77 Wenhua Road
Beijing, PRC
                                                    Heping District
                                                    Shenyang, PRC
As to Cayman Islands law:
Conyers Dill & Pearman
29th Floor, One Exchange Square
8 Connaught Place
Central
Hong Kong SAR
PRC




4         3SBIO INC.
                                                                           Financial Highlights*

•   Revenue increased by RMB605.6 million or 16.0% to RMB4,389.4 million, as compared to the six months ended 30
    June 2023.


•   Gross profit increased by RMB595.8 million or 18.6% to RMB3,797.4 million, as compared to the six months ended
    30 June 2023. The gross profit margin increased to 86.5% from 84.6% for the six months ended 30 June 2023.


•   Net profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by RMB109.3 million or 11.1% to RMB1,089.9 million, as
    compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023. Net profit attributable to owners of the parent adjusted for non-
    operating items3 increased by RMB16.7 million or 1.5% to RMB1,112.4 million, as compared to the six months ended
    30 June 2023.


•   EBITDA increased by RMB311.0 million or 23.4% to RMB1,641.5 million, as compared to the six months ended
    30 June 2023. EBITDA adjusted for non-operating items4 increased by RMB241.6 million or 17.0% to RMB1,663.9
    million, as compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023.


*   All numbers in the “Financial Highlights” section are subject to rounding adjustments and therefore are approximate numbers only.




3
    The net profit attributable to owners of the parent adjusted for non-operating items is defined as the profit attributable to owners of the parent for the period
    excluding, as applicable: (a) the interest expenses incurred in relation to the Euro (“EUR”) denominated zero-coupon convertible bonds in an aggregate principal
    amount of EUR320,000,000 due 2025 (“2025 Bonds”); (b) the expenses associated with the share options and awarded shares granted in March 2020; (c) the
    expenses associated with the awarded shares under an employee share ownership plan (the “ESOP”) by Sunshine Guojian Pharmaceutical (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
    (“Sunshine Guojian”), an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of 3SBio; (d) gain on redemption of 2025 Bonds; (e) fair value gains or losses on financial assets at
    fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”); and (f) non-operating foreign exchange differences.
4
    The EBITDA adjusted for non-operating items is defined as the EBITDA for the period excluding the same items as listed in footnote 3 above.



                                                                                                                                    Interim Report 2024              5
Management Discussion and Analysis


BUSINESS REVIEW

Key Events


Mandi Foam Approved for Market Launch


As announced on 8 January 2024, the application for market launch of Mandi (5% minoxidil) Foam as an over-the-counter drug for
the treatment of androgenetic alopecia and alopecia areata by 3SBio’s subsidiary, Zhejiang Sunshine Mandi Pharmaceutical Co.,
Ltd. (“Sunshine Mandi”, formerly known as Zhejiang Wansheng Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.), to the PRC National Medical Products
Administration (“NMPA”) has been approved.


Mandi Foam is the first domestic minoxidil foam approved for market launch. Its successfully completed phase III study showed
Mandi Foam being of equivalent efficacy and similar safety and tolerability as ROGAINE®, the leading minoxidil drug in the U.S.
Minoxidil is currently a first-line topical drug for the clinical treatment of androgenetic alopecia. Mandi Foam has better transdermal
speed and scalp accumulation rate, with milder scalp tolerance, rendering it a better choice for alopecia users.


TPIAO Approved for Pediatric ITP Indication


TPIAO, which was submitted for the new indication of treatment of persistent or chronic immune thrombocytopenia (“ITP”) in
children or adolescents to the NMPA, has been approved on 2 April 2024.


Primary ITP is an acquired autoimmune hemorrhagic disease. Pediatric ITP is often characterized by sudden petechiae, ecchymosis
or bleeding in children who are normally healthy. Occasionally, thrombocytopenia is found in patients who undergo whole blood cell
counts due to other conditions.


Semaglutide (Weight Management) Cooperation


As announced on 28 May 2024, Sunshine Mandi entered into the Semaglutide Injection Cooperation Agreement (the “Agreement”)
with Hybio Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hybio Pharmaceutical”). Pursuant to the Agreement, Hybio Pharmaceutical and Sunshine
Mandi will jointly develop, and supply/purchase on an exclusive basis, the Semaglutide Injection in weight management indication
(“Semaglutide WM”) and share the profits from its sales. Sunshine Mandi will pay Hybio Pharmaceutical milestone payments of up
to RMB270 million under the Agreement, including a consideration for preclinical technical results of RMB45 million, in addition to an
exclusive procurement price and royalties. Sunshine Mandi will receive the preclinical technical research results of the cooperation
product from Hybio Pharmaceutical and entrust Hybio to provide clinical research and registration application services, with
Sunshine Mandi to be the marketing authorization holder (MAH) of Semaglutide WM in certain regions. Sunshine Mandi shall acquire
the right to market the product exclusively and be responsible for the commercialization of the product in the region; meanwhile,
Sunshine Mandi will entrust Hybio Pharmaceutical to be responsible for the exclusive production and supply of Semaglutide WM.
After the launch of the product, Sunshine Mandi will pay Hybio Pharmaceutical two-digit royalties based on the gross profit derived
from the net sales of the product in the region in each calender year.


6      3SBIO INC.
                                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis




Key Products


— Bio-pharmaceuticals


TPIAO


TPIAO is the Group’s self-developed proprietary product, and has been the only commercialized rhTPO product in the world
since its launch in 2006. TPIAO has been approved by the NMPA for three indications: the treatment of chemotherapy-induced
thrombocytopenia (“CIT”), ITP and pediatric ITP. TPIAO has the advantages of higher efficacy, faster platelet recovery and fewer
side effects as compared to alternative treatments for CIT and ITP.


TPIAO has been listed on the National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related Injury Insurance and
Maternity Insurance (《國家基本醫療保險、工傷保險和生育保險藥品目錄》) (“NRDL”) as a Class B Drug for the treatment of CIT in
patients with solid tumors or ITP since 2017. In the “Guidelines of CSCO — Cancer Therapy Induced Thrombocytopenia (“CTIT”)
(2024 version)”5, rhTPO is listed as a treatment choice with the highest level recommendation, the Grade I recommendation.
According to the “Adapted Guideline for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Primary Immune Thrombocytopenia for Chinese Children
(2021)”6, rhTPO is the preferred choice among the conventional second line treatments. According to the “Chinese Guideline
on the Diagnosis and Management of Adult Primary Immune Thrombocytopenia (2020 version)”7, rhTPO is one of the primary
treatments for ITP emergency cases and is the preferred choice in the second line treatments list for both ITP and ITP in pregnancy.
In “Consensus on the Clinical Diagnosis, Treatment, and Prevention of Chemotherapy-Induced Thrombocytopenia in China (2019
version)”8, rhTPO is one of the primary treatments for CIT. rhTPO has also received similar professional endorsements in several
national guidelines and experts consensus on treating certain other diseases in Mainland China.


Future growth of TPIAO may be driven by: 1) the enhanced market position as for inpatients attributable to its safety and efficacy,
and its continually supplanting traditional interleukin (“IL”) platelet-raising drugs in clinical use; 2) the continued increase in the
number of hospitals covered; and 3) the expansion of indications. In the first half of 2024, its market share for the treatment of
thrombocytopenia in Mainland China was 34.5% in terms of sales volume and 66.2% in terms of sales value. The supplemental
New Drug Application (“NDA”) for treatment of persistent or chronic primary ITP in children or adolescents has been approved by
the NMPA on 2 April 2024. In July 2024, the primary endpoint has been achieved in the trial of phase III clinical study of TPIAO in
the treatment of patients with chronic liver disease (“CLD”) related thrombocytopenia who are candidates for invasive surgery. 3SBio
submitted a marketing application for this indication to the NMPA in August 2024 and the application was accepted. Outside of
Mainland China, TPIAO is in the process of registration in several countries in Asia and Africa.




5
      Issued by the Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (“CSCO”)
6
      Issued by the Subspecialty Group of Hematologic Diseases, the Society of Pediatrics, Chinese Medical Association (the “CMA”); the Editorial Board, Chinese Journal
      of Pediatrics
7
      Issued by the Thrombosis and Hemostasis Group of the Chinese Society of Hematology of the CMA
8
      Issued by the Society of Chemotherapy, China Anti-Cancer Association; and Committee of Neoplastic Supportive-Care (CONS), China Anti-Cancer Association


                                                                                                                                     Interim Report 2024              7
Management Discussion and Analysis




EPIAO


EPIAO is approved by the NMPA for the following three indications: the treatment of anemia associated with chronic kidney disease
(“CKD”), the treatment of chemotherapy-induced anemia (“CIA”), and the reduction of allogeneic blood transfusion in surgery
patients. rhEPO products has been listed on the NRDL as a Class B Drug for renal anemia since 2000, for CIA in patients with
non-hematological malignancies since 2019, and, additionally, rhEPO products for the reduction of allogeneic blood transfusion in
surgery patients also is under NRDL coverage since 2024. EPIAO has also been listed on the 2018 National Essential Drug List.
EPIAO has consistently been the premier market leader in the Mainland China rhEPO market since 2002 in terms of both sales
volume and sales value. EPIAO and SEPO together claim a majority market share of the Mainland China rhEPO market at 10,000 IU
dosage. The Group believes that, 1) the continuous expansion of the dialysis market; 2) the coverage reduction of allogeneic blood
transfusion in surgery patients in the NRDL; 3) the improvement of anemia treatment standards; 4) the improvement of the diagnosis
and treatment rate of cancer anemia; and 5) the proactive going-deep strategy in the lower-tier market, will continue to drive the
further growth of clinical applications of its erythropoietin products. The multi-center biosimilar clinical trials for EPIAO in Russia and
Thailand were completed in 2021. EPIAO demonstrated promising effectiveness and manageable safety in patients with end-stage
renal disease on hemodialysis. EPIAO is in the process of registration in several countries.


Yisaipu


Yisaipu (Recombinant Human TNF- Receptor II: IgG Fc Fusion Protein for Injection), is a TNF- inhibitor product. It was first
launched in 2005 in Mainland China for RA. Its indications were expanded to ankylosing spondylitis (“AS”) and psoriasis in 2007.
Yisaipu has been listed on the NRDL as a Class B Drug since 2017 for RA and for AS, each subject to certain medical prerequisites,
and additionally, since 2019 for the treatment of adult patients with severe plaque psoriasis. Yisaipu is the first-to-market TNF-
inhibitor product in Mainland China that filled a gap among domestic peers in regard to the fully-human therapeutic antibody-drugs.
Compared with competitors, the efficacy and safety of Yisaipu have been proven in the domestic market over nearly two decades.
In “2018 China Rheumatoid Arthritis Treatment Guidance”, an authoritative document issued by the CMA, Yisaipu was adopted
under ‘TNF- inhibitors’ as one of the RA treatment options, and TNF- inhibitors was deemed as a group of biological agents with
relatively sufficient evidence and relatively wide adoption in treating RA. TNF- inhibitors have been recommended in a number
of professional guidelines, such as “EULAR Recommendations for the Management of Rheumatoid Arthritis with Synthetic and
Biological Disease-Modifying Anti-rheumatic Drugs: 2022 Update”, “Group for Research and Assessment of Psoriasis and Psoriatic
Arthritis (GRAPPA): Updated Treatment Recommendations for Psoriatic Arthritis 2021” and “Recommendations for Diagnosis and
Treatment of Ankylosing Spondylitis”9. In 2024, Yisaipu will actively embrace centralized procurement to further promote the concept
of long-term benefits of early-stage biotherapy and encourage its use early in the treatment process. It will continue to enhance its
awareness and application within the medical profession and market growth of rheumatic immune biological agents in key third and
fourth tier cities, and meanwhile, actively expand the application of Yisaipu in different departments and fields including Chinese
traditional medicine. The NDA for the pre-filled aqueous injection solution of Yisaipu (Group R&D code: 301S) was approved by the
NMPA in March 2023. The launch of prefilled syringe of Yisaipu improves patient convenience and enhances the overall market
competitiveness of Yisaipu.




9
      Issued by Chinese Rheumatology Association of the CMA, Chin J Intern Med, August 2022, Vol. 61, No. 8


8       3SBIO INC.
                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis




Cipterbin


Cipterbin (Inetetamab) is the first innovative anti-HER2 mAb in Mainland China with the engineered Fc region and optimized
production process. Sunshine Guojian independently developed this product based on its proprietary technology platform. It was
approved by the NMPA in June 2020 for treatment of HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer in combination with chemotherapy.
Cipterbin has been listed on the NRDL since 2020. Inetetamab has been included in several clinical guidelines and experts
consensus, including “Guidelines of CSCO — Breast Cancer (2024 edition)” and “Guidelines for Breast Cancer Diagnosis and
Treatment by China Anti-Cancer Association (2024 edition)”. With excellent efficacy and safety and increased clinical use, the
acceptance of Cipterbin by physicians and patients has been in steady rise. In addition, positive research progress has been made
in the application of Cipterbin in early neo-adjuvant therapy, treatment of advanced HER2-positive breast cancer, and pan-HER2.
These researches provide a strong scientific basis for Cipterbin in the treatment of breast cancer at different stages, and also
provide new ideas for the treatment of other HER2-positive cancers.


— Small Molecules


Mandi


Mandi, generically known as minoxidil, was launched in 2001 as the first over-the-counter (“OTC”) drug in Mainland China for
androgenetic alopecia (“AGA”) and alopecia areata. Minoxidil is the world’s only topical OTC drug for male and female alopecia that
is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) as well as the NMPA. The topical minoxidil can promote hair growth
through: 1) promoting angiogenesis to increase regional blood supply and dilate scalp vascular, so as to improve microcirculation;
2) directly stimulating proliferation and differentiation of hair follicle epithelial cells to extend hair growth cycle; and 3) regulating the
balance between calcium ion and potassium ion. In the “Guideline for Diagnosis and Treatment of Androgenetic Alopecia” issued
by Chinese Medical Doctor Association, minoxidil receives the highest endorsement level, as it is superior to other AGA treatments
in terms of anti-alopecia and improvement effects and safety. In “Chinese Experts Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of
Female Androgenetic Alopecia (2022 edition)”, 5% minoxidil receives the highest endorsement level in female androgenetic alopecia
(FAGA).


In the first half of 2024, Mandi still had a dominant position in the Mainland China minoxidil market. The Group believes that Mandi’s
continuous growth in the future will be driven by: 1) persistent market education, as the Group will continue to invest resources in
promotion and market education regarding the science of hair growth, enhancing the social recognition of Mandi as the top brand
of scientific hair growth; 2) professional digital marketing system, as Mandi expands its online layout from traditional e-commerce
platforms such as Ali, JD, to new e-commerce platforms like Tiktok store and Little Red Book, creating diversified and fine-tuned
operation, accurately reaching and converting potential customers, and continuously boosting sales on e-commerce platforms; and
3) launch of new foam formulation. The application for market launch of Mandi (5% minoxidil) foam was approved by the NMPA as
OTC drug for male alopecia and alopecia areata, as announced on 8 January 2024. Mandi foam is currently the only minoxidil foam
that is approved for marketing in Mainland China, which significantly improves its market competitiveness.




                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2024        9
Management Discussion and Analysis




In Mainland China, the current penetration rate of Mandi is only approximately 3%–4% among the 250 million hair loss population.
The Group focuses on greater brand promotion of Mandi and on improving recognition of drug treatment effectiveness for hair loss.
The Group believes that with greater promotion, the enhanced penetration rate will continue to aggrandize the market potential of
Mandi.


Remitch


As announced on 5 July 2023, the NDA of nalfuraphine hydrochloride orally disintegrating tablets (Group R&D code: TRK-
820, marketed in Japan as “Remitch” since 2009, marketed in Mainland China as 麗美治®) was approved by the NMPA to treat
hemodialysis pruritus where current treatments do not produce satisfactory results. In December 2017, Toray Industries Inc. (“Toray”)
granted to the Group the exclusive right to develop and commercialize TRK-820 in Mainland China. Remitch is the first marketed
drug in Mainland China targeting hemodialysis pruritus, and is expected to alleviate the pruritus symptoms and improve patient
quality of life, thereby bringing benefits to the large number of hemodialysis pruritus patients in Mainland China.


In addition, the phase III clinical trial application of TRK-820 for improving pruritus in CLD patients (only in cases where the existing
treatment efficacy is unsatisfactory) is underway. In the field of liver diseases, CLD patients, such as hepatitis, cirrhosis and
obstructive jaundice, often experience intensive pruritus through the body. In addition, the primary biliary cholanitis is a disease
characterized by pruritus. Pruritus can seriously affect patients’ activity and sleep. The pruritus caused by CLD is believed to be
related to a number of factors, and it is completely ineffective for certain patients treated with antihistamines, anti-allergic drugs and
anion exchange resin. Such symptom is known as “refractory pruritus”. According to national epidemiological data in Global Liver
Disease Burdens and Research Trends: Analysis from a Chinese Perspective10, more than one fifth of the population in Mainland
China are suffering from liver diseases, including approximately 90 million chronic hepatitis B virus (“HBV”) infection patients,
approximately 10 million chronic hepatitis C virus (“HCV”) infection patients, approximately 7 million cirrhosis patients, approximately
173 to 310 million non-alcoholic fatty liver patients, approximately 62 million alcoholic liver disease patients, and approximately
460,000 liver cancer patients. Among them, skin itch occurs in 20%–70% of primary biliary cirrhosis patients, 20%–60% of primary
sclerosing cholanitis patients, 20%–50% of jaundice patients, 5.1%–58.4% of HCV viral infection patients, and 8%–36.2% of HBV
viral infection patients. According to Journal of Japanese Society of Gastroenterology11, existing anti-pruritics drugs are ineffective
for 57.8% of Japanese pruritus patients. Remitch was approved in Japan for pruritus in liver diseases in 2015. The Group will
actively advance clinical development for this indication in Mainland China to meet the clinical needs of Chinese patients.


TRK-820 for improving pruritus in CLD patients as a product candidate is in development. For risks associated with drug
development, please refer to, under the heading “PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES” in the Company’s 2023 annual report, “If
the Group fails to develop and commercialize new pharmaceutical products, its business prospects could be adversely affected”.




10
      Journal of Hepatology, 2019, 71(1): 212-221
11
      Journal of Japanese Society of Gastroenterology vol. 118, no. 1 (2021): 30-40


10       3SBIO INC.
                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis




– CDMO Business


The Group’s contract development and manufacturing operation (“CDMO”) business currently comprises Northern Medicine
Valley Desen (Shenyang) Biologics Co., Ltd. (“Desen Biologics”), Shanghai Shengguo Pharmaceutical Development Co., Ltd.,
Guangdong Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and Sirton Pharmaceuticals S.p.A. (“Sirton”) in Italy, all being the Group’s
subsidiaries. Among them, Desen Biologics has a total planned area of 500 Chinese mu, designed as a biopharmaceutical CDMO
base, a manufacturing base of biopharmaceutical raw and auxiliary materials and consumables, and a biopharmaceutical core
process equipment base that are domestically-leading, oriented to the international market and compliant with relevant Chinese,
EU and U.S. Good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”) regulations. The 76,000-liter drug substance and drug product manufacturing
capacity has commenced to be successively certified since 2023.


Key Product Candidate


Winlevi®


In the first half of 2024, new drug bridging clinical trial of 1% clascoterone cream (Group R&D code: WS204), a collaboration product
between 3SBio and Cosmo Pharmaceuticals N.V. (“Cosmo”), has initiated the patient enrollment. In July 2022, 3SBio received from
Cassiopea, a subsidiary of Cosmo, the exclusive right to develop and commercialize Winlevi®, to treat acne, in Greater China.


According to the data of Chinese Guidelines for the Treatment of Acne (2019 revised version), more than 95% of Chinese suffer from
different degrees of acne; 3%–7% of acne patients incur scars on faces, which affects physical and mental health of acne patients.
According to Frost & Sullivan, in 2018, there were over 100 million Chinese patients aged between 10 and 25 with acne vulgaris,
while their drug treatment rate was at a low level, signaling that China’s traditional therapeutic drugs failed to meet the clinical needs
of these patients. The symptoms of acne can severely affect the appearance of the patients and burden them psychologically,
causing social, work and life barriers. An effective acne drug is required to help relieve patients from this skin disease.


WS204 (1% Clascoterone) cream is the world’s first marketed topical androgen receptor (“AR”) inhibitor, developed by Cosmo for
patients with acne vulgaris aged 12 and above. Winlevi® has been approved by the U.S. FDA in November 2021. It is the first acne
drug with a new mechanism of action (MOA) approved by the FDA in the past 40 years, and is the only acne treatment cream that
reduces inflammation by inhibiting local sebaceous gland androgen activity and reducing sebum production, which provides an
innovative, safe and and effective treatment for dermatologists and patients, especially adolescent patients. Unlike oral hormones
to treat acne, 1% clascoterone cream can be used by both male and female patients. According to Cosmo’s public disclosure,
Winlevi® has become the most prescribed branded topical acne drug in the U.S. market. As of the end of July 2024, there were
more than 15,000 prescribers of Winlevi®, and this drug has generated more than 1,090,000 prescriptions in the U.S. market, since
its launch in November 2021. WS204 is expected to become the first AR antagonist for treating acne vulgaris in Mainland China,
which may provide an innovative treatment option for hundreds of millions of acne patients, and contribute to better general skin
health condition nationally.




                                                                                                              Interim Report 2024       11
Management Discussion and Analysis




This product candidate is in development. For risks associated with drug development, please refer to, under the heading “PRINCIPAL
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES” in the Company’s 2023 annual report, “If the Group fails to develop and commercialize new
pharmaceutical products, its business prospects could be adversely affected”.


Research and Development


The Group’s integrated R&D platform covers a broad range of technical expertise in the discovery and development of innovative
large and small molecule products, including antibody discovery, molecular cloning, antibody/protein engineering, gene expression,
cell line construction, manufacturing process development, pilot and large scale manufacturing, quality control and assurance,
design and management of pre-clinical and clinical trials, and regulatory filing and registration. The Group is well experienced in the
R&D of mammalian cell-expressed, bacterial cell-expressed and chemically-synthesized pharmaceuticals.


The Group focuses its R&D efforts on researching and developing innovative biological products as well as in small molecule
therapeutics. Currently, the Group has several leading biological products in various stages of clinical development, including SSS06
(NuPIAO, a second-generation rhEPO to treat anemia), 608 (an anti-IL-17A antibody to treat autoimmune and other inflammatory
diseases), CS1003 (an anti-PD-1 antibody for the first-line treatment of advanced hepatocellular carcinoma), 601A (an anti-vascular
endothelial growth factor (“VEGF”) antibody to treat BRVO and other ophthalmological diseases), 613 (an anti-IL-1ß antibody to
treat acute/intermittent gouty arthritis), RD-01 (a pegylated long-acting rhEPO to treat anemia), 611 (an anti-IL4Rα antibody to treat
atopic dermatitis (“AD”), 610 (an anti-IL-5 antibody to treat severe asthma), SSS07 (an anti-TNFα antibody to treat RA and other
inflammatory diseases), and pegsiticase (a modified pegylated recombinant uricase from candida utilis to treat refractory gout). On
the small molecule side, the Group is conducting clinical trials of HIF-117 capsule (SSS17, a selective small molecule inhibitor to
hypoxia inducible factor (“HIF”) proline hydroxylase) to treat anemia, and bridging clinical trial in Mainland China for clascoterone
cream (Winlevi®) in acne indication.


On the research front, the Group is engaged in developing innovative biological products, including mAbs, bi-specific antibodies
and fusion proteins, and a number of small molecule drugs, both innovative and generic, in the areas of nephrology, oncology, auto-
immune and inflammatory diseases, ophthalmology, dermatological and metabolic diseases.


The Group’s R&D team, consisting of nearly 700 experienced scientists, is working diligently to research and discover new
medicines, to accelerate the progress of clinical development, and to bring breakthrough therapies to fulfill the unmet medical needs
of patients.




12      3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis




Product Pipeline


As at 30 June 2024, amongst the 28 product candidates within the Group’s active pipeline, 25 were being developed as innovative
drugs in Mainland China. Out of these product candidates, 15 are antibodies, 7 are other biologic products, and 6 are small
molecule entities. The Group has 12 product candidates in hematology/oncology; 10 product candidates that target auto-immune
diseases including RA and other diseases including refractory gout and ophthalmological diseases such as BRVO; 4 product
candidates in nephrology; 1 product candidate in dermatology and 1 product candidate in metabolic diseases.


Notes:


(1)       Each arrow bar in the R&D Pipeline chart below indicates the progress in Mainland China, other than those bearing remarks on U.S. progress.


(2)       IND: Investigational new drug


(3)       BE: Bio-equivalence assessment


(4)       ANDA: abbreviated NDA



R&D Pipeline

 Therapeutic
    Area           Candidates                   Pre-clinical    IND             Ph I            Ph II        Ph III                 NDA                       2 Pre-clinical
                    SSS06 Long-acting rhEPO                                                                                   NDA
                     RD01 Long-acting rhEPO
 Nephrology     TRK-820 Remitch CLD pruritus
                          SSS17 HIF inhibitor
                             TPO-106 CLDT
                                                                                                                                                              6 IND & Phase I
                          304R anti-CD20 Ab
                         CS1003 anti-PD1 Ab                                                                       Licensed product in Mainland China
                           602 anti-EGFR Ab

 Hematology
    and
                          302H anti-HER2 Ab
                           609A anti-PD1 Ab
                    707 anti-PD1/VEGF BsAb
                                                                                                U.S. Ph I
                                                                                                U.S. IND
                                                                                                                                                              6 Phase II
  Oncology
                    705 anti-PD1/HER2 BsAb                                       U.S. IND
                    SA102 CS1/BCMA CAR-T
                               SSS41 CAR-T
                         SSS20 Eltrombopag
                      Eltrombopag suspension
                                                                                                                               ANDA
                                                                                                                                            ANDA
                                                                                                                                                             12 PhaseIII & NDA
                           608 anti-IL17A Ab
                          601A anti-VEGF Ab

    Auto-
  immune,
                             613 anti-IL1β Ab
                           611 anti-IL4Rα Ab
                              610 anti-IL5 Ab
                                                                                                              U.S. Ph Ia                                      2 BE/ANDA
Ophthalmology
                         SSS07 anti-TNFα Ab
     and
    others                SSS11 Pegsiticase
                          SSS40 anti-NGF Ab
                             621 anti-IL33 Ab
                SSS39 Rapamycin Nanoparticle
                                                                             U.S. IND                                                                         2Approved NDA or
                         WS204 Clascoterone                                                                                                                    ANDA in 2024H1
 Dermatology
                                 Semaglutide



                                                                                            Small Molecule      Antibody           Others



The Group has fully utilized its thirty years of experience in the research and development of biopharmaceuticals, and has deployed
a number of early discovery projects in hematology, oncology and autoimmune fields, covering more than 10 innovative targets,
which provide a long-term strategic reserve for the Group’s research and development.




                                                                                                                                                       Interim Report 2024       13
Management Discussion and Analysis




Key Product Developments


— New Drug Listing Application and phase III development


Minoxidil foam formulation (MN709): As announced on 8 January 2024, the application for market launch of Mandi (5% minoxidil)
Foam as an over-the-counter drug for the treatment of androgenetic alopecia and alopecia areata by the Group to the NMPA has
been approved.


TPIAO (rhTPO): As announced on 12 April 2024, the supplemental NDA of Recombinant Human Thrombopoietin Injection TPIAO
for the treatment of persistent or chronic primary ITP in children or adolescents has been approved by the NMPA on 2 April 2024. In
addition, the phase III clinical study of TPIAO in the treatment of patients with CLD related thrombocytopenia who are candidates for
invasive surgery has been completed and has achieved the pre-defined primary endpoint. The Group submitted the NDA in August
2024 and the application was accepted.


Nalfuraphine hydrochloride orally disintegrating tablets (TRK820): The phase III clinical trial application for TRK820 to improve
pruritus in patients with CLD (only in cases where the efficacy of existing treatments is not satisfactory) is being carried out smoothly,
and the Group expects to submit an NDA within 2024.


NuPIAO (EPO, SSS06): The Group completed the phase III clinical trial of SSS06 for the treatment of anemia in chronic renal failure
in January 2024, which demonstrated that the study reached its pre-set primary endpoint. In addition, the Group has submitted an
NDA for this product to NMPA in July 2024 for the treatment of adult dialysis patients undergoing erythropoietin therapy and the
application was accepted.


Pegsiticase (SSS11): The phase III clinical trial of the combination therapy SEL-212 for chronic refractory gout in the United States
that the Group collaborated with its business partner Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (STO: SOBI) (“Sobi”) is completed . Sobi
has submitted the rolling Biologics License Application (BLA) to US FDA in July 2024. SEL-212 contains pegsiticase (also known
as pegadricase, a recombinant enzyme that metabolizes uric acid). The Group is conducting a phase Ib clinical trial for SSS11 in
patients with high uric acid level and medical history of gout symptoms in Mainland China.


Anti-IL-17A mAb (608): The phase III trial of 608 in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis has successfully reached
all efficacy endpoints, and the BLA filing for this indication is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2024. The phase II
clinical study of 608 for the treatment of patients with ankylosing spondylitis is expected to complete patient enrollment within 2024,
while patient enrollment in the phase II clinical trial for patients with non-radiographic axial spondylitis will continue.




14      3SBIO INC.
                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis




Anti-VEGF mAb (601A): The Group is actively promoting the administration follow-up of the phase III clinical trial of 601A against
BRVO, and expects to complete the phase III clinical trial within 2024.


Clascoterone (WS204): The phase III bridging clinical trial of WS204 for treatment of moderate-to-severe acne vulgaris is currently
recruiting patients, and the Group plans to complete the clinical trial in 2025 and submit the marketing application.


Anti-IL4Rα mAb (611): The first patient was enrolled in the phase III clinical study of the product in adult patients with AD in
Mainland China, and the Group plans to complete patient enrollment in 2024. The patient enrollment in the phase II clinical trial
of 611 for adolescent AD indications is progressing smoothly, and the Group expects to complete patient enrollment for this trial
within 2024. The phase II clinical trial of 611 for Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyps (CRSwNP) has reached the primary study
endpoint and a phase III clinical trial has been initiated. The first patient in the phase II clinical trial of 611 for moderate-to-severe
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease was enrolled, and the Group expects to complete the interim analysis of the trial in 2024.


Anti-IL-1ß Ab (613): The first patient was enrolled in the phase III clinical trial of 613 for AG arthritis, and the Group plans to complete
patient enrollment in 2024. The patient enrollment in phase II clinical trial of 613 for patients in the intermittent phase of gouty arthritis
was completed.


Anti-IL-5 mAb (610): The first patient in the phase III clinical trial of 610 for the severe eosinophilic asthma indication was enrolled in
the first half of 2024.


— Phase II development


Anti-PD-1/VEGF BsAb (707): Phase II clinical studies of 707 as a monotherapy for the first-line treatment of PD-L1-positive
advanced non-small cell lung cancer and as a combination chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of advanced non-small cell
lung cancer were initiated in the first half of 2024, and the first patient has been enrolled in both studies. Meanwhile, phase II clinical
studies of 707 for the first-line treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer and the treatment of advanced gynecological tumors have
been initiated. 707 is a PD-1/VEGF targeting bi-specific antibody developed on the Group’s CLF2 BsAb platform, and has been
approved by the U.S. FDA for phase I clinical trial in advanced solid tumors in the U.S.


HIF-117 (SSS17): The phase II clinical trial of SSS17 in non-dialysis patients with chronic renal anemia is being actively explored.
The Group plans to complete the clinical trial in 2025. SSS17 is a selective small molecule inhibitor to HIF proline hydroxylase (HIF-
PH), a molecule which can improve the stability and half-life period of HIF, so as to motivate the secretion of erythropoietin (EPO). It
is expected that SSS17 will have a synergistic effect with the Group’s rhEPO injection drug in the future, providing patients with an
alternative treatment option.




                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2024        15
Management Discussion and Analysis




— Phase I development and new IND applications


Semaglutide Injection: In April 2024, the Group received the Notice of Approval of Clinical Trial in Mainland China regarding
Semaglutide Injection for the indication of weight management, which was developed by the Group in collaboration with Hybio
Pharmaceutical.


Anti-NGF Ab (SSS40): It is a humanized nerve-growth factor (NGF) mAb. The Group has completed the first patient enrollment for
the phase Ib/IIa clinical trial of SSS40 for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe bone metastasis cancer pain in the first
half of 2024, and expects to complete patient enrollment in 2024.


Rapamycin Nanoparticle (SSS39): The application for single drug safety clinical trial of SSS39 was accepted by the NMPA Center for
Drug Evaluation in February 2024, and the Group expects that this clinical trial will be completed in the first half of 2025. Rapamycin
nanoparticle is a new type of macrolide immunosuppressant that can be co-administered with biological agents to induce immune
tolerance, thereby reducing the immunogenicity of the biological agents and maintaining their efficacy.


Anti-BDCA2 Ab (626): The Group has submitted IND applications for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and cutaneous lupus
erythematosus (CLE) indications in Mainland China and the United States respectively. Of which, the China IND application for the
above two indications has been accepted by the NMPA Center for Drug Evaluation.


Sales, Marketing and Distribution

The Group’s sales and marketing efforts are characterized by a strong emphasis on academic promotion. The Group aims to
promote and strengthen the Group’s academic recognition and the brand awareness of its products among medical experts. The
Group markets and promotes its key products mainly through its in-house team. The Group sells these products to distributors who
are responsible for delivering products to hospitals and other medical institutions. Mandi is sold through retail pharmacies and online
stores.


As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s extensive sales and distribution network in Mainland China was supported by 2,778 sales and
marketing employees, 1,189 distributors and 1,786 third-party promoters. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s products were
sold in nearly 2,900 Grade III hospitals and more than 6,800 Grade II or lower hospitals and medical institutions across all provinces,
autonomous regions and special municipalities in Mainland China. In addition, TPIAO, Yisaipu, EPIAO, SEPO and some of the
Group’s other products are exported to a number of countries through international promoters. In the Reporting Period, the Group’s
products were sold in 16 countries, including Thailand, Brazil, Philippines and Pakistan.




16        3SBIO INC.
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




Outlook


In December 2023, the National Healthcare Security Administration and the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security
published the 2023 NRDL, and the Group’s erythropoietin products have been allowed into coverage now for all indications. Under
the new medical insurance policy, the Group continues to ensure the good order of production and quality control, be diligent in its
social responsibilities, and benefit more patients with high-quality and high-standard medicines. In January 2024, The General Office
of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council published the “Implementation
Plan for the Pilot Comprehensive Reform of Pudong New Area of Shanghai (2023-2027)” (《浦東新區綜合改革試點實施方案
（ 2023–2027年）》), which allows new biopharmaceutical products to be priced with reference to similar international drugs, thus
enhancing the reward prospects of pharmaceutical enterprises’ R&D and innovation. In the same month, the PRC NMPA issued “the
Announcement on Optimizing the Marketing Registration Application for Transferring Overseas-produced Drugs Already Marketed
in China to Domestic Production (Draft for Comments)” (《關於優化已在境內上市的境外生產藥品轉移至境內生產的藥品上市註冊
申請相關事宜的公告（徵求意見稿）》), proposing measures such as including the application for marketing registration of foreign
chemical drugs and biopharmaceuticals that are transferred to domestic production in the scope of priority review and approval.
This will bring changes to the market structure of imported drugs and the development of CDMOs. On 5 July 2024, the executive
meeting of the State Council considered and passed the “Implementation Plan for the Full-Chain Support for Innovative Drugs
Development” (《全鏈條支持創新藥發展實施方案 》), which pointed out that it is necessary to strengthen the policy guarantee of the
full chain, make overall good use of the price management, medical insurance payment, commercial insurance, allocation and use
of medicines, and investment and financing policies, and optimize the review and approval and the assessment mechanism of the
medical institutions, so as to jointly promote breakthrough development of innovative drugs.


In the first half of 2024, the Group achieved key milestones for several key R&D products, which actively contributed to domestic
innovative drugs field. Looking forward to 2024, the Group will assign importance to innovative drug development. With the
progress of clinical research and application process, the Group expects that there will be new drugs of the Group entering the
commercialization stage every year from 2024 onwards. The Group will actively prepare for the market launch of self-developed or
collaborative products such as long-acting rhEPO, eltrombopag suspension, and 608 (recombinant humanized anti-IL-17A mAb).
In the meantime, the Group has always maintained strong confidence in the market potential of domestic hair and skin drugs.
The Group will continue to promote the publicity and education of Mandi series products as a scientifically proven drug for hair
loss treatment, command digital marketing, expand in new media channels, and enhance Mandi brand. In addition, the Group
strategically positions in indications with large patient populations such as acne and weight management, and is actively promoting
the development of new drugs in those areas, striving to attain coverage of hundreds of millions of patients at the earliest.




                                                                                                            Interim Report 2024    17
Management Discussion and Analysis




For R&D strategy, the Group will continue to focus on the fields of its strength, namely, nephrology, autoimmune diseases, hair and
skin, hematology, and oncology. In particular, the Group will fast-track, and explore multiple indications of the autoimmune diseases
products which the Group has made leading R&D progress in Mainland China. The Group will continually execute its strategy of
exploiting synergies between in-house R&D and outside collaboration, and actively exploring collaboration targets with potentials
to supplement the Company’s existing product portfolio. The Group will conduct comprehensive research and prudent evaluation
in investment and merger and acquisition strategies, and proactively acquire high-quality assets with long-term value. At the same
time, leveraging mature biopharmaceutical R&D, registration, commercial production and sales strength, the Company provides
assistance for the R&D process and future launch of more high-quality cooperative drug products. Driven by the mission to make
innovative bio-pharmaceuticals within reach, the Group aims to accelerate the early launch of more high-quality products to benefit
patients.



FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue

For the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB4,389.4 million, as compared to approximately
RMB3,783.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB605.6 million, or
approximately 16.0%. The increase was mainly attributable to the strong sales growth of TPIAO and Mandi.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of TPIAO increased to approximately RMB2,475.9 million, as compared to
approximately RMB2,019.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB456.8
million, or approximately 22.6%. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in sales volume. For the Reporting Period,
sales of TPIAO accounted for approximately 56.4% of the Group’s total revenue.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of EPIAO and SEPO increased to approximately RMB515.7 million, as compared to
approximately RMB463.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB52.5
million, or approximately 11.3%. The increase was mainly due to the increase in sales volume which was in turn primarily driven by
the improved penetration rate. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of EPIAO increased to approximately RMB393.1 million, as
compared to approximately RMB365.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of approximately
RMB27.2 million, or approximately 7.4%. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of SEPO increased to approximately
RMB122.6 million, as compared to approximately RMB97.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an
increase of approximately RMB25.2 million, or approximately 25.9%. For the Reporting Period, the combined sales of EPIAO and
SEPO accounted for a total of approximately 11.7% of the Group’s total revenue.




18      3SBIO INC.
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales from alopecia area increased to approximately RMB557.2 million, as compared to
approximately RMB508.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB48.4
million, or approximately 9.5%. The increase was mainly attributable to the increased market demand for hair loss and growth
treatments, which was driven by the Group’s diversified and effective promotional efforts. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s
sales of Mandi increased to approximately RMB549.8 million, as compared to approximately RMB499.8 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB50.0 million, or approximately 10.0%. For the Reporting
Period, the sales from alopecia area accounted for a total of approximately 12.7% of the Group’s revenue.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of Yisaipu (domestic and overseas) increased to approximately RMB328.6 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 9.5%. The increase was mainly attributable to increased sales volume. For
the Reporting Period, the sales of Yisaipu accounted for approximately 7.5% of the Group’s total revenue.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s other sales, primarily consisted of sales from Cipterbin, Sparin (an injectable low-molecular-
weight heparin calcium product indicated for: (1) prophylaxis and treatment of deep vein thrombosis; and (2) prevention of clotting
during hemodialysis), export sales and other products, increased to approximately RMB476.2 million, as compared to approximately
RMB415.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB60.6 million, or
approximately 14.6%. The increase was mainly attributable to the increased sales volume of Cipterbin. For the Reporting Period, the
Group’s sales of Cipterbin increased to approximately RMB161.7 million, as compared to approximately RMB108.6 million for the
six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB53.1 million, or approximately 48.9%.


Cost of Sales


The Group’s cost of sales increased from approximately RMB582.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to approximately
RMB592.1 million for the Reporting Period, which accounted for approximately 13.5% of the Group’s total revenue for the same
period. The primary reason for the increase in the Group’s cost of sales was mainly attributable to the increased sales volume of
products for the Reporting Period, as compared to the corresponding period in 2023.




                                                                                                         Interim Report 2024      19
Management Discussion and Analysis




Gross Profit


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s gross profit increased to approximately RMB3,797.4 million, as compared to approximately
RMB3,201.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB595.8 million, or
approximately 18.6%. The increase in the Group’s gross profit was broadly in line with its revenue increase during the Reporting
Period. The Group’s gross profit margin increased to approximately 86.5% for the Reporting Period from approximately 84.6% for
the corresponding period in 2023.


Other Income and Gains


The Group’s other income and gains mainly comprised government grants, interest income, foreign exchange gain, fair value
gain or loss on financial assets at FVTPL, gain on redemption of convertible bonds and other miscellaneous income. For the
Reporting Period, the Group’s other income and gains increased to approximately RMB86.1 million, as compared to approximately
RMB-7.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB93.3 million. The increase
was mainly attributable to the fair value changes on financial assets at FVTPL during the Reporting Period.


Selling and Distribution Expenses


The Group’s selling and distribution expenses primarily consisted of marketing and promotion expenses, staff costs, and other
miscellaneous selling and distribution expenses. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses amounted
to approximately RMB1,594.0 million, as compared to approximately RMB1,374.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023,
representing an increase of approximately RMB219.2 million, or approximately 15.9%. In terms of the percentage of revenue, the
Group’s selling and distribution expenses represented approximately 36.3% for the Reporting Period, same as the six months
ended 30 June 2023.


Administrative Expenses


The Group’s administrative expenses consisted of staff costs, professional fees, depreciation and amortization, property expenses,
share-based compensation, and other miscellaneous administrative expenses. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s administrative
expenses amounted to approximately RMB201.2 million, as compared to approximately RMB214.4 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2023, representing a decrease of approximately RMB13.2 million, or approximately 6.2%. The decrease was
mainly attributable to the decreased advertising and publicity expenses. The administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue
represented approximately 4.6% for the Reporting Period and approximately 5.7% for the six months ended 30 June 2023.




20     3SBIO INC.
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




R&D Costs


The Group’s R&D costs primarily consisted of staff costs, materials consumption, clinical trials costs, depreciation and amortisation,
and other miscellaneous R&D expenses. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s R&D costs amounted to approximately RMB476.2
million, as compared to approximately RMB306.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of
approximately RMB169.6 million, or approximately 55.3%. The increase was mainly due to the speed-up of the Group’s R&D
projects. The R&D costs accounted for approximately 10.8% of revenue for the Reporting Period, as compared to approximately
8.1% for the corresponding period in 2023.


Other Expenses and Losses


The Group’s other expenses and losses primarily consisted of donation expenses, provision for impairment of financial assets,
losses on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment, and other miscellaneous expenses and losses. For the Reporting
Period, the Group’s other expenses and losses amounted to approximately RMB40.7 million, as compared to approximately
RMB5.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB35.6 million. The increase
was mainly due to the increase in provision for impairment of financial assets and losses on disposal of items of property, plant and
equipment.


Finance Costs


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s finance costs amounted to approximately RMB104.4 million, as compared to approximately
RMB88.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB15.5 million, or
approximately 17.4%. Excluding the non-cash interest expenses of the 2025 Bonds, the finance cost increased from RMB65.5
million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to approximately RMB104.4 million for the Reporting Period, representing an
increase of approximately RMB38.8 million, or approximately 59.2%. The increase was mainly due to the interest expenses incurred
in connection with the Group’s unsecured non-listed bonds (“Panda Bonds”) for the Reporting Period.


Income Tax Expense


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s income tax expense amounted to approximately RMB314.3 million, as compared to
approximately RMB207.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB106.7
million, or approximately 51.4%. The increase was mainly due to the increase of the taxable income during the Reporting Period,
as compared to the corresponding period in 2023. The effective tax rates for the Reporting Period and the corresponding period
in 2023 were 22.1% and 17.4%, respectively. The increase in effective tax rate was mainly due to the increase in non-deductible
expenses and increased withholding tax which was brought by domestic and foreign transactions for the Reporting Period, as
compared to those for the six months ended 30 June 2023.




                                                                                                          Interim Report 2024       21
Management Discussion and Analysis




EBITDA and Net Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent


The EBITDA for the Reporting Period increased by approximately RMB311.0 million or approximately 23.4% to approximately
RMB1,641.5 million, as compared to approximately RMB1,330.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. The EBITDA
adjusted for non-operating items is defined as the EBITDA for the period excluding, as applicable: (a) the interest expenses incurred
in relation to the issuance of the 2025 Bonds; (b) the expenses associated with the share options and awarded shares granted in
March 2020; (c) the expenses associated with the share options under the ESOP of Sunshine Guojian; (d) gain on redemption of
2025 Bonds; (e) fair value gain or loss on financial assets at FVTPL; and (f) non-operating foreign exchange differences. The Group’s
EBITDA adjusted for non-operating items for the Reporting Period increased by approximately RMB241.6 million or approximately
17.0% to approximately RMB1,663.9 million, as compared to approximately RMB1,422.3 million for the six months ended 30 June
2023.


The net profit attributable to owners of the parent for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB1,089.9 million, as compared
to approximately RMB980.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB109.3
million, or approximately 11.1%. The net profit attributable to owners of the parent adjusted for non-operating items is defined as the
profit for the period excluding, as applicable: (a) the interest expenses incurred in relation to the issuance of the 2025 Bonds; (b) the
expenses associated with the share options and awarded shares granted in March 2020; (c) the expenses associated with the share
options under the ESOP of Sunshine Guojian; (d) gain on redemption of 2025 Bonds; (e) fair value gain or loss on financial assets at
FVTPL; and (f) non-operating foreign exchange differences. The Group’s net profit attributable to owners of the parent adjusted for
non-operating items for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB1,112.4 million, as compared to approximately RMB1,095.7
million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB16.7 million, or approximately 1.5%.


Earnings Per Share


The basic earnings per share for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB0.45, as compared to approximately RMB0.40 for
the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of approximately 12.4%.


Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value


As at 30 June 2024, financial assets measured at fair value primarily comprised the investment in treasury or cash management
products issued by certain banks, the investments in listed companies and the investments in private equity funds which focus on
investment in health-care industry.


The treasury or cash management products subscribed by the Group for treasury management purposes from time to time
during the Reporting Period included wealth management products offered by various independent commercial banks. For further
information, please refer to the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis — LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL
RESOURCES — Significant Investments Held” hereinafter relating to the Group’s subscriptions from independent commercial
banks.




22       3SBIO INC.
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The Group’s liquidity remained strong. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s operating activities generated a net cash inflow of
approximately RMB1,092.7 million, as compared to approximately RMB1,184.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023,
representing a decrease of RMB91.8 million or approximately 7.7%. The decrease was mainly attributable to the increase in
other cash payments relating to operating activities. As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s cash and bank balances and bank financial
products were approximately RMB7,944.5 million.


Net Current Assets


As at 30 June 2024, the Group had net current assets of approximately RMB3,847.5 million, as compared to net current assets of
approximately RMB5,465.1 million as at 31 December 2023. The current ratio of the Group decreased from approximately 2.5 as
at 31 December 2023 to approximately 1.7 as at 30 June 2024. The decrease in net current assets and current ratio was mainly
attributable to the higher current liabilities which was brought by the increase in payable dividends and the Panda Bonds in 2024.


Funding and Treasury Policies, Borrowing and Pledge of Assets


The Group’s finance department is responsible for the funding and treasury policies with regard to the overall business operation of
the Group. The Company expects to fund its working capital and other capital requirements from a combination of various sources,
including but not limited to internal financing and external financing at reasonable market rates. The Group continues to seek
improving the return of equity and assets while maintaining a prudent funding and treasury policy.


As at 30 June 2024, the Group had an aggregate interest-bearing bank borrowing of approximately RMB2,966.5 million, as
compared to approximately RMB3,574.3 million as at 31 December 2023. The decrease in bank borrowings primarily reflected the
repayment of loans of RMB2,071.6 million, partly offset by the additional bank-borrowing of approximately RMB1,482.9 million,
during the Reporting Period. Among the short-term deposits, none was pledged to secure bank loans as at 30 June 2024.


As at 30 June 2024, the Group had outstanding Panda Bonds of approximately RMB1,200.7 million, as compared to approximately
RMB1,226.0 million as at 31 December 2023. For more information on the Group’s Panda Bonds, please refer to Note 18 “BONDS
PAYABLE” to the interim condensed consolidated financial information for the Reporting Period in this report.


Gearing Ratio


The gearing ratio of the Group, which was calculated by dividing the total borrowings, lease liabilities and bonds by the total equity,
decreased to approximately 25.0% as at 30 June 2024 from approximately 29.3% as at 31 December 2023. The decrease was
primarily due to the decreased interest-bearing bank borrowings during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                           Interim Report 2024       23
Management Discussion and Analysis




Contingent Liabilities


As at 30 June 2024, the Group had no significant contingent liabilities.


Contractual Obligations


The Group’s capital commitment amounted to approximately RMB977.8 million as at 30 June 2024, as compared to approximately
RMB993.6 million as at 31 December 2023.


Foreign Exchange and Exchange Rate Risk


The Group mainly operates in Mainland China, with all material aspects of its regular business conducted in Renminbi other than: (1)
the operations of Sirton; and (2) the Group’s exports, which amounted to approximately RMB32.3 million, or approximately 0.7% of
the Group’s revenue, for the Reporting Period. Except for the operations of Sirton, the Group’s exports, potential international deal-
making expenditures (such as related to international licensing and acquisitions), foreign currency denominated bank borrowings and
bank deposits and the Euro-denominated 2025 Bonds, the Group believes that it does not have any other material direct exposure
to foreign exchange fluctuations. As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s foreign currency denominated bank deposits primarily comprised:
(1) approximately United States Dollar (“USD”) 99.5 million (equivalent to approximately RMB708.9 million); (2) approximately Hong
Kong Dollar (“HKD”) 363.7 million (equivalent to approximately RMB332.0 million); and (3) approximately EUR2.5 million (equivalent
to approximately RMB19.1 million). The Group expects that the fluctuation of the Renminbi exchange rate will not have a material
adverse effect on the operations of the Group in the foreseeable future.


Significant Acquisitions and Disposals


The Group did not have material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the Reporting
Period.




24        3SBIO INC.
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




Significant Investments Held


As at 30 June 2024, the Group did not hold any significant investments. As at 30 June 2024, the Group held (i) equity investments
designated at fair value through other comprehensive income of approximately RMB586.7 million; (ii) wealth management products
of various independent commercial banks as financial assets at FVTPL of approximately RMB3,542.6 million, and (iii) non-pledged
time deposits of approximately RMB2,139.0 million, none of which such investments in any group of entities or products offered by
any group of commercial banks, in aggregate, represented 5.0% or more of the total assets of the Group.


Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Assets


The Group estimates that the total capital expenditure of the Group for the next three years will be in the range of RMB1,000 million
to RMB1,100 million. These expected capital expenditure will primarily be incurred for the maintenance of the Group’s existing
facilities and the expansion of the Group’s production capabilities. The Group expects to finance its capital expenditure through a
combination of internally generated funds and bank borrowings.


EMPLOYEES AND EMOLUMENTS POLICY
As at 30 June 2024, the Group employed a total of 5,607 employees, as compared to a total of 5,411 employees as at 31
December 2023. The staff costs, including Directors’ emoluments but excluding any contributions to the pension scheme,
were approximately RMB721.9 million for the Reporting Period, as compared to approximately RMB604.4 million for the
corresponding period in 2023. The Group generally formulated its employees’ remuneration package to include salary, bonus,
equity compensation, and allowance elements. The compensation programs were designed to remunerate the employees based
on their performance, measured against specified objective criteria. The Group also provided the employees with welfare benefits in
accordance with applicable regulations and the Group’s internal policies. The Company has adopted a share option scheme and a
share award scheme (“2019 Share Award Scheme”) and there are other incentive initiatives such as cash awards, all of which are
for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations.
In addition, Sunshine Guojian adopted a restricted share incentive plan in February 2021 and there is also a gratuitous incentive
scheme set up by founding and management members of the Group that serves to recognise employees’ contributions.




                                                                                                          Interim Report 2024      25
Corporate Governance and
Other Information
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of members of the
Company and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG
Code”) as set out in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “HKEx Listing Rules”) on the Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKEx”) as its own code of corporate governance.


Except as expressly described below, the Company complied with all applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code throughout
the Reporting Period.


Separation of the Roles of the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer


Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, companies listed on the HKEx are expected to comply with, but may choose to
deviate from, the requirement that the responsibilities between the chairman and the chief executive officer should be segregated
and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company does not have separate chairman and chief executive officer.
Dr. LOU Jing currently performs these two roles. The board of Directors (the “Directors”) of the Company (the “Board”) believes
that vesting the roles of both chairman and chief executive officer in the same person has the benefit of ensuring consistent
leadership within the Group and enabling more effective and efficient overall strategic planning for the Group. The Board considers
that the balance of power and authority for the present arrangement will not be impaired and this structure will enable the Company
to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. In addition, all major decisions are made in consultation with members of
the Board, including the relevant Board committees and independent non-executive Directors.


The Board will from time to time review and consider splitting the roles of chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of
the Company at an appropriate time, taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.



MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
OF LISTED ISSUERS

The Company has adopted the “Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuer”as set out in Appendix C3 to
the HKEx Listing Rules (the “Model Code”) as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors. Having made
specific enquiry with the Directors, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the required standard as set out in the
Model Code during the Reporting Period.



THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES

The compositions of the Board, the audit committee (“Audit Committee”), the nomination committee and the remuneration
committee of the Company are as set out in the “Corporate Information” section.




26     3SBIO INC.
                                               Corporate Governance and Other Information




INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend any interim dividend for the Reporting Period.



CHANGES TO INFORMATION REGARDING DIRECTORS AND CHIEF
EXECUTIVES
Certain changes in Directors’ information since the preparation of the 2023 annual report and up to the latest practicable date prior
to the printing of this report are set out below pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the HKEx Listing Rules:


•     Dr. LOU Jing resigned as director and general manager of Liaoning Sunshine Bio-Pharmaceutical Company Limited (遼寧三
      生醫藥有限公司).


•     Ms. SU Dongmei has been appointed as director of Desen Biologics.


•     Dr. ZHANG Dan retired as an independent non-executive Director effective from 25 June 2024, due to his other business
      commitments.


•     Mr. HUANG Bin resigned as a non-executive Director effective from 25 June 2024, as he has reached his retirement age.


•     Ms. ZHANG Jiaoe (“Ms. ZHANG”) has been appointed as a non-executive Director, effective from 25 June 2024.


      Ms. ZHANG, aged 61, has extensive experience in the field of medicine and pharmaceuticals. She worked as a research
      assistant in the Military Medical Research Institute of the Logistics Department of the Shenyang Military Region (瀋陽軍區
      後勤部軍事醫學研究所) from August 1987 to December 1990. In January 1993, Ms. ZHANG joined Shenyang Sunshine
      Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (瀋陽三生製藥有限責任公司) (“Shenyang Sunshine”) and has held various positions within the
      Group ever since. She served as a manager at Shenyang Sunshine from July 1993 to December 2001 and was appointed as
      the deputy factory director and head of the foreign cooperation department in January 2002 and May 2011, respectively. In
      March 2016, Ms. ZHANG became the assistant to the general manager of Shenyang Sunshine. She currently serves as the
      general manager of Liaoning Sunshine Technology Development Co., Ltd. (遼寧三生科技發展有限公司). Currently, she is also
      a supervisor of each of Desen Biologics and Sunshine Mandi.


      Ms. ZHANG obtained a bachelor’s degree from the China Pharmaceutical University (中國藥科大學) in July 1987 and earned
      her qualifications as a chief pharmacist from the Human Resources Security Department of Liaoning Province (遼寧省人力資
      源和社會保障廳) in September 2010.


•     Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry, has been appointed as a member of the remuneration committee of the Company, effective from
      25 June 2024.


Other than above, the Directors confirm that no information is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the HKEx
Listing Rules since the preparation of the 2023 annual report and up to the latest practicable date prior to the printing of this report.


                                                                                                              Interim Report 2024       27
Corporate Governance and Other Information




AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Board has established the Audit Committee, which comprises the three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. PU
Tianruo (chairman), Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry and Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi.


The Audit Committee, together with the Board, has reviewed the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information
of the Group for the Reporting Period. The Audit Committee does not have any disagreement with any accounting treatment which
had been adopted. The Audit Committee has also reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system of
the Company and considers them to be effective and adequate.


In addition, the independent auditor of the Company, Ernst & Young, has reviewed the unaudited interim condensed consolidated
financial information of the Group for the Reporting Period in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410
“Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”.



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION BY THE COMPANY

During the Reporting Period, the Company had conducted on-market repurchases of a total of 43,346,500 ordinary shares of the
Company (“Shares”) on the HKEx at an aggregate cash consideration of HKD266,284,340 (excluding expenses). Amongst which,
22,119,500 Shares had been cancelled by the Company, while 21,227,000 Shares are held by the Company as treasury Shares,
which shall be used in light of various factors including market conditions and the Group’s capital management needs and any other
relevant consideration. Save for the aforesaid on-market share repurchases, there was no purchase, sale or redemption of any listed
securities of the Company (including sale of treasury Shares) by the Company or any of its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.




28     3SBIO INC.
                                                         Corporate Governance and Other Information




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 30 June 2024, the interests or short positions of the Directors or chief executives of the Company in the shares, underlying
shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance (the “SFO”)) required to be notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
(including interest or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were
recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the
HKEx pursuant to Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the HKEx Listing Rules were as follows:


(i)   Interests in the Company


                                                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                                                                    percentage of
                                                                                                                           Number of                  all Shares in
          Name                           Position                          Nature of Interest                            Shares held                         Issue(1)


          LOU Jing(2) (婁競)               Executive Director                Beneficial owner                                   491,553(L)                      0.02%
                                                                           Beneficiary of a trust                         51,156,895 (L)                      2.12%
                                                                                                                                        (L)
                                                                           Other                                         476,774,553                        19.73%
                                                                                                                                        (L)
                                                                                                                   Total: 528,423,001                      *21.86%


          SU Dongmei(3) (蘇冬梅)            Executive Director                Interest in controlled                         24,384,630(L)                       1.01%
                                                                              Corporation
                                                                           Beneficial owner                                   440,000(L)                      0.02%
                                                                                                                                        (L)
                                                                                                                    Total: 24,824,630                         1.03%


          ZHANG Jiaoe(4) (張皎娥)           Non-executive Director            Beneficial owner                               12,978,639(L)                       0.54%


      Notes:


      (L):     denotes long position


      *        Figures shown as total may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures being added up due to rounding adjustment.


      (1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 2,416,800,912 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2024.


      (2)      Dr. LOU Jing was granted 440,000 share options by the Company, representing 440,000 Shares upon full exercise. Dr. LOU Jing was a beneficiary
               under two unnamed trusts which were interested in 41,746,000 Shares and 9,410,895 Shares respectively. Further, Dr. LOU Jing was an enforcer and a
               beneficiary of an unnamed discretionary trust which was interested in 476,774,553 Shares. Therefore, Dr. LOU Jing was deemed to be interested in all such
               Shares as discussed in the foregoing.




                                                                                                                                       Interim Report 2024           29
Corporate Governance and Other Information




       (3)      Ms. SU Dongmei directly holds the entire issued share capital of Joint Palace Group Limited (“JPG”) and therefore, was deemed to be interested in the same
                number of the Shares in which JPG was interested (i.e. 24,384,630 Shares); and, Ms. SU Dongmei was granted 440,000 share options by the Company,
                representing 440,000 Shares upon full exercise.


       (4)      80,000 share options, representing 80,000 Shares upon full exercise, were granted by the Company to a trust and held for the benefit of Ms. ZHANG.



(ii)   Interests in Associated Corporations


                                                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                                                                         Percentage of
                                                                                                                                                           Outstanding
                                                                                                                                                      Share Capital of
                                                          Associated                                                        Number of                   the Associated
         Name                 Position                    Corporation                Nature of Interest                      Securities                  Corporation(1)


         LOU Jing             Executive Director          Sunshine Guojian           Interest in controlled                 25,160,657(L)(1)                       4.54%(1)
              (婁競)                                                                      corporation


         SU Dongmei           Executive Director          Sunshine Guojian           Others(2)                                  200,000(L)(2)                      0.04%(2)
              (蘇冬梅)


       Notes:


       (L):     denotes long position.


       (1)      The shares were allotted by Sunshine Guojian to Achieve Well International Limited, a company wholly-owned by Dr. LOU Jing, under the ESOP of Sunshine
                Guojian, for purposes of holding the awarded shares granted to Dr. LOU Jing. Upon completion of the offering of Sunshine Guojian on the Shanghai Stock
                Exchange on 22 July 2020 (“Guojian Offering”), the approximate percentage of Dr. LOU Jing’s interest in the share capital of Sunshine Guojian was diluted
                to 4.08%. The change did not trigger a disclosure obligation under the SFO and therefore the information shown in the table as of 30 June 2024 reflects Dr.
                LOU Jing’s interests position as required to be disclosed under the SFO.


       (2)      An ultimate beneficial owner of an interest in a fund (the “Fund”) that is used for holding shares awarded under the ESOP of Sunshine Guojian, which directly
                holds the awarded shares for the ultimate benefit of Ms. SU Dongmei, being one of the grantees of the awarded shares that have been allotted to the Fund
                by Sunshine Guojian. Upon completion of the Guojian Offering, the approximate percentage of Ms. SU Dongmei’s interest in the share capital of Sunshine
                Guojian was diluted from 0.036% to 0.032%. The change did not trigger a disclosure obligation under the SFO and therefore the information shown in the
                table as of 30 June 2024 reflects Ms. SU Dongmei’s interests position as required to be disclosed under the SFO.



Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company had or was deemed to
have any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that was required to be notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7
and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have taken under such
provisions of the SFO), or required to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the
SFO, or which would be required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the HKEx.




30       3SBIO INC.
                                                           Corporate Governance and Other Information




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 30 June 2024, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executives of
the Company), had interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register of
interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                                                                    percentage of
                                                                                                                           Number of                     all Shares
    Name of Shareholder                             Nature of Interest                                                   Shares held                         in Issue(1)


    Decade Sunshine Limited (“DSL”)(2)              Beneficial owner                                                     476,774,553(L)                        19.73%


    Century Sunshine Limited (“CSL”) (2)            Interest in a controlled corporation                                 476,774,553(L)                        19.73%


    XING Lily(3)                                    Interest in a controlled corporation(2)                              476,774,553(L)                        19.73%
                                                    Interest of spouse(3)                                                  51,648,448(L)                        2.14%
                                                                                                                                          (L)
                                                                                                                 Total: 528,423,001                           *21.86%


    Lambda International Limited(2)                 Interest in a controlled corporation                                 476,774,553(L)                        19.73%


    TMF (Cayman) Ltd.(4)                            Trustee                                                              577,085,928(L)                        23.88%


    BlackRock, Inc.                                 Interest in a controlled corporation                                 124,083,572(L)                         5.13%


Notes:


(L):     denotes long position


*        Figures shown as total may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures being added up due to rounding adjustment.


(1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 2,416,800,912 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2024.


(2)      DSL was wholly-owned by CSL and therefore CSL was deemed to be interested in 476,774,553 Shares held by DSL; further, 42.52% and 35.65% of CSL were
         respectively controlled by Ms. XING Lily and Lambda International Limited, who were therefore deemed to be interested in such 476,774,553 Shares.


(3)      Ms. XING Lily’s spouse is Dr. LOU Jing.


(4)      TMF (Cayman) Ltd. was the trustee with respect to four unnamed trusts, which respectively were interested in 476,774,553, 51,156,895, 16,486,000, and
         32,668,480 Shares, as disclosed under the SFO, and therefore TMF (Cayman) Ltd. was deemed to be interested in all such Shares.




                                                                                                                                       Interim Report 2024             31
Corporate Governance and Other Information




Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, the Directors and the chief executives of the Company were not aware of any
other person (other than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the shares or
underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the
SFO.



DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Other than disclosed under the heading “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares
and Debentures”, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company or any of its subsidiaries or holding company or any
subsidiary of the Company’s holding company a party to any arrangement that would enable the Directors to acquire benefits by
means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none of the Directors or any of
their spouses or children under the age of 18 were granted any right to subscribe for the equity or debt securities of the Company
or any other body corporate or had exercised any such right.




32     3SBIO INC.
                                               Corporate Governance and Other Information




POST-IPO SHARE OPTION SCHEME

Pursuant to a written resolution passed by the then sole shareholder of the Company on 23 May 2015, the Company adopted a
share option scheme pursuant to Chapter 17 of the HKEx Listing Rules (the “3SBio Option Scheme”). The details of the 3SBio
Option Scheme were disclosed in the Company’s prospectus dated 1 June 2015 in the section headed “Statutory and General
Information — 5. Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” in Appendix IV. Under the 3SBio Option Scheme, the Company was authorised
to issue up to 242,439,857 ordinary shares of the Company (subject to possible adjustments), which represented approximately
10.03% of the issued Shares as at the date of this report. The total number of options available for grant under the scheme mandate
of the 3SBio Option Scheme as at 1 January 2024 and 30 June 2024 were 225,953,857 and 225,953,857, respectively. The
number of Shares that may be issued in respect of awards granted under the 3SBio Option Scheme during the Reporting Period
divided by the weighted average number of the Shares in issue for the Reporting Period was 0. The purpose of the 3SBio Option
Scheme is to provide selected participants with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company and to encourage
selected participants to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and its Shares for the benefit of the Company and its
shareholders as a whole.


Eligible participants include any Directors and employees of any member of the Group (including nominees and/or trustees of any
employee benefit trusts established for them) and any advisors, consultants, distributors, contractors, customers, suppliers, agents,
business partners, joint venture business partners, service providers of any member of the Group who the Board considers, in its
sole discretion, have contributed or will contribute to the Group).


Unless approved by the shareholders of the Company in accordance with the terms of the 3SBio Option Scheme, the total number
of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted and to be granted under the 3SBio Option Scheme and
any other share option scheme(s) of the Company to each selected participant (including both exercised and outstanding options)
in any 12 month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue. An option may be exercised in accordance with
the terms of the 3SBio Option Scheme at any time during a period to be determined and notified by the Directors to each grantee,
which period may commence on a day after the date upon which the offer for the grant of options is made but shall end in any event
not later than 10 years from the date of grant of the option subject to the provisions for early termination under the 3SBio Option
Scheme. A nominal consideration of RMB1.00 is payable upon acceptance of the grant of an option. For details, please refer to
Appendix IV to the Company’s prospectus dated 1 June 2015.


The 3SBio Option Scheme will continue to be in effect for a term of ten years unless terminated sooner, and has a remaining term of
approximately 0.5 year as at the date of this report. On 28 June 2016, the Company amended the 3SBio Option Scheme to include
nominees and/or trustees of employee benefit trusts set up for the employees of the members of the Group as participants eligible
to participate in the 3SBio Option Scheme.




                                                                                                          Interim Report 2024      33
Corporate Governance and Other Information




The following outstanding share options were granted to the following Directors under the 3SBio Option Scheme as of 30 June
2024:


                                                   NUMBER OF SHARE OPTIONS
                                                                                                                                                                           THE WEIGHTED
                                                                                                                                                                  PRICE         AVERAGE
                                                                                                                                                                 OF THE CLOSING PRICE OF
                                                                                                                                                             COMPANY’S    THE COMPANY’S
                                                                                                                                                         LISTED SHARES     LISTED SHARES
                                                                                                                                             EXERCISE      IMMEDIATELY       IMMEDIATELY
                                                                                                                                                 PRICE      BEFORE THE        BEFORE THE
                                                                FORFEITED/                                  DATE OF          EXERCISE        OF SHARE       GRANT DATE          EXERCISE
                            AS AT       GRANTED     EXERCISED   CANCELLED       LAPSED        AS AT           GRANT            PERIOD         OPTIONS        OF OPTIONS             DATES
     NAME OF           1 JANUARY         DURING        DURING      DURING       DURING       30 June       OF SHARE          OF SHARE        (HKD PER          (HKD PER         (HKD PER
     DIRECTOR                2024     THE PERIOD   THE PERIOD   THE PERIOD   THE PERIOD         2024        OPTIONS           OPTIONS          SHARE)            SHARE)            SHARE)


     LOU Jing               440,000            –            –            0            0      440,000   2 February 2017     From 2 August          7.62            7.37                  –
                                                                                                                                 2018 to
                                                                                                                         2 February 2027**


     SU Dongmei*            440,000            –            –            0            0      440,000   2 February 2017     From 2 August          7.62            7.37                  –
                                                                                                                                 2018 to
                                                                                                                         2 February 2027**


     ZHANG Jiaoe*            80,000            –            –            0            0       80,000   2 February 2017     From 2 August          7.62            7.37                  –
                                                                                                                                 2018 to
                                                                                                                         2 February 2027**


*           The outstanding share options were held by The Empire Trust, a trust established by the Company for beneficiaries who are employees of the Company and its
            subsidiaries and affiliates, and any other persons as nominated from time to time by the advisory committee of The Empire Trust that is established with the authority
            of the Board.


**          Share options granted are subject to vesting conditions with vesting periods ended 2 August 2018, 2 February 2020 and 2 August 2021, respectively.




34              3SBIO INC.
                                                             Corporate Governance and Other Information




The following outstanding share options were granted to employee participants# of the Group (apart from Directors) as of 30 June
2024:


                                   NUMBER OF SHARE OPTIONS
                                                                                                                                                                       THE WEIGHTED
                                                                                                                                                              PRICE         AVERAGE
                                                                                                                                                             OF THE CLOSING PRICE OF
                                                                                                                                                         COMPANY’S    THE COMPANY’S
                                                                                                                                                     LISTED SHARES     LISTED SHARES
                                                                                                                                       EXERCISE        IMMEDIATELY       IMMEDIATELY
                                                                                                                                           PRICE        BEFORE THE        BEFORE THE
                                                   FORFEITED/                                         DATE OF          EXERCISE        OF SHARE         GRANT DATE          EXERCISE
          AS AT        GRANTED       EXERCISED     CANCELLED          LAPSED           AS AT            GRANT            PERIOD         OPTIONS          OF OPTIONS             DATES
     1 JANUARY          DURING          DURING        DURING          DURING          30 June        OF SHARE          OF SHARE        (HKD PER            (HKD PER         (HKD PER
           2024      THE PERIOD     THE PERIOD     THE PERIOD      THE PERIOD            2024         OPTIONS           OPTIONS          SHARE)              SHARE)            SHARE)


     15,606,000*              –              0               0              0       15,606,000   2 February 2017     From 2 August          7.62              7.37                  –
                                                                                                                           2018 to
                                                                                                                   2 February 2027**


*       The outstanding share options were held by The Empire Trust, a trust established by the Company for beneficiaries who are employees of the Company and its
        subsidiaries and affiliates, and any other persons as nominated from time to time by the advisory committee of The Empire Trust that is established with the authority
        of the Board.


**      Share options granted are subject to vesting conditions with vesting periods ended 2 August 2018, 2 February 2020 and 2 August 2021, respectively.


#
        Employee participants include employees of any member of the Group (apart from Directors).



All of the above grants were made prior to the amendment to Chapter 17 of the HKEx Listing Rules and none of the grants of
options to any participant is in excess of the 1% individual limit.


Please refer to Note 20 to the interim condensed consolidated financial information in this report for the accounting policy adopted
for share options.




                                                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2024              35
Corporate Governance and Other Information




SHARE AWARD SCHEME

The Company adopted the 2019 Share Award Scheme to recognise the contributions by selected participants and to motivate
and give incentives thereto in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group; to attract suitable
personnel for further development of the Group; and to provide selected participants with a direct economic interest in attaining a
long-term relationship between the Group and the selected participants.


The 2019 Share Award Scheme was initially adopted by the Board on 16 July 2019 (the “Adoption Date”), with subsequent
amendments thereafter. To provide more flexibility to the Company to operate an effective and efficient incentive plan with reference
to market practices and for the purpose of the Trust’s Acquisition as further elaborated in the section headed “CONNECTED
TRANSACTIONS — Connected transaction in relation to the Trust’s Acquisition and the Share Buy-back” of the Company’s 2022
annual report, the Board has resolved to amend the terms of the 2019 Share Award Scheme on 12 December 2021 to allow the
purchase or subscription of the Shares purchased or subscribed by the trustee appointed in relation to the 2019 Share Award
Scheme and reserved for award(s) as may be granted in future to selected participants. On the same date, the Company entered
into a trust deed with Tricor Trust (Hong Kong) Limited and appointed Tricor Trust (Hong Kong) Limited as trustee (the “Trustee”)
to assist with the administration of the 2019 Share Award Scheme pursuant to the 2019 Share Award Scheme. Save for the
aforementioned and other incidental changes, no other substantive changes have been made to the 2019 Share Award Scheme
and all other terms of the 2019 Share Award Scheme remain effective.


The 2019 Share Award Scheme allows Shares to be awarded to any director and employee of any member of the Group (including
nominee and/or trustee of any employee benefit trust established for them) and any advisor, consultant, distributor, contractor,
customer, supplier, agent, business partner, joint venture business partner, service provider of any member of the Group who the
Board considers, in its sole discretion, has contributed or will contribute to the Group. The Board has the power, at its absolute
discretion and based on such factors and circumstances as it considers relevant and appropriate, to determine the terms and
conditions in respect of each award, including but not limited to the vesting date and other vesting conditions, which shall be set out
in the award letter to be issued by the Company to the relevant selected participant. Such Shares will be issued or acquired by the
trustee through on-market transaction at the cost of the Company.


Under the 2019 Share Award Scheme, (i) as at 1 January 2024 there were 40,357,688 existing Shares and a maximum of
487,784,082 new Shares available for grant under the general mandate granted by the shareholders at the AGM held on 20 June
2023, which represented approximately 1.67% and 20.18% of the total issued Shares as at the date of this report; and (ii) as at 30
June 2024 there were 40,357,688 existing Shares available for grant under the general mandate granted by the shareholders at
the AGM held on 25 June 2024, which represented approximately 1.67% of the total issued Shares as at the date of this report.
The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of awards granted under the 2019 Share Award Scheme during the Reporting
Period divided by the weighted average number of the Shares in issue for the Reporting Period was 0.




36     3SBIO INC.
                                                              Corporate Governance and Other Information




Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the terms of the 2019 Share Award Scheme, or
unless the Board by resolutions, resolve otherwise, the 2019 Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of ten
years commencing on the Adoption Date, and has a remaining term of approximately 4.5 years as at the date of this report.


Further details of the 2019 Share Award Scheme are set out in Note 20 to the interim condensed consolidated financial information
in this report.


As at 30 June 2024, details of the awarded shares granted under the 2019 Share Award Scheme of the Company were as follows:


                                                                                   NUMBER OF AWARDED SHARES

                                                                                                                                                                    CLOSING
                                                                                                                                                                       PRICE
                                                                                                                                                                 IMMEDIATELY
                                                                                                                                                                     BEFORE
                                                                                                                                                                 THE DATE OF
  SHARE                                       NUMBER OF            AS AT       AWARDED            VESTED            LAPSED      AS AT                                 AWARD
  AWARDS             DATE OF                   AWARDED        1 JANUARY          DURING           DURING            DURING     30 June         VESTING              (HKD PER
  HOLDERS            AWARD                      SHARES              2024     THE PERIOD       THE PERIOD      THE PERIOD          2024          PERIOD                SHARE)


  Employee           16 July 2019(1)            9,885,448              —               —               —                —           —      March 2020 to               13.88
                                                                                                                                                           (3)
                                                                                                                                             March 2023
                                        (2)
                     7 September 2020          10,000,000              —               —               —                —           —                NA(4)              8.98


  Total                                        19,885,448              —               —               —                —           —


Notes:


(1)       On 16 July 2019, the Board resolved to grant a maximum of 10,000,000 awarded Shares to 37 independent employees of the Group, pursuant to the terms of the
          2019 Share Award Scheme, in order to recognize the contributions of the independent employees to the Group. For details, please refer to the announcement of the
          Company dated 17 July 2019 and Note 20 to the interim condensed consolidated financial information in this report.


(2)       On 7 September 2020, the Board resolved to conditionally grant 10,000,000 new awarded Shares to Dr. ZHU Zhenping of which 5,000,000 awarded Shares and
          2,250,000 awarded Shares have so far been issued and allotted to Dr. ZHU Zhenping on 14 April 2021 and 8 March 2022, respectively. For details, please refer to
          the announcement of the Company dated 8 September 2020 and the circular of the Company dated 16 October 2020.


(3)       These awarded Shares are subject to vesting conditions involving financial targets and vesting periods.


(4)       These awarded Shares are not subject to any vesting condition or vesting period.


(5)       All of the above grants were made prior to the amendments to Chapter 17 of the HKEx Listing Rules taking effect.




                                                                                                                                         Interim Report 2024               37
Independent Review Report

To the board of directors of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 40 to 79, which comprises the condensed consolidated
statement of financial position of 3SBio Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) as at 30 June 2024 and the related
condensed consolidated statements of profit or loss, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the six-month
period then ended, and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof
and International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“IAS 34”) issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim financial information in
accordance with IAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review. Our
report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not
assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.



SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410 Review of Interim Financial
Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board.
A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting
matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in
accordance with International Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would
become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.




38      3SBIO INC.
                                                                           Independent Review Report




CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information is not
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.


Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong
22 August 2024




                                                                                                  Interim Report 2024      39
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                           2024           2023
                                                     (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                             Notes     RMB’000       RMB’000


 REVENUE                                      4       4,389,445      3,783,833


 Cost of sales                                         (592,052)      (582,279)


 Gross profit                                         3,797,393      3,201,554


 Other income and gains                       5          86,144         (7,201)
 Selling and distribution expenses                    (1,593,979)   (1,374,752)
 Administrative expenses                               (201,196)      (214,422)
 Research and development costs                        (476,230)      (306,593)
 Other expenses                               6          (40,687)       (5,079)
 Finance costs                                7        (104,351)       (88,878)
 Share of profits and losses of:
     A joint venture                                        (814)        1,244
     Associates                                          (44,412)      (11,805)


 PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                    1,421,868      1,194,068


 Income tax expense                           8        (314,283)      (207,601)


 PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                1,107,585       986,467


 Attributable to:
     Owners of the parent                             1,089,942       980,577
     Non-controlling interests                           17,643          5,890


                                                      1,107,585       986,467


 EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
     ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
     — Basic                                  10       RMB0.45       RMB0.40


     — Diluted                                10       RMB0.45       RMB0.39



40       3SBIO INC.
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                  (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)
                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000


PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                1,107,585             986,467


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified
  to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences:
     Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations           6,389              18,227


Net other comprehensive income that may be reclassified
  to profit or loss in subsequent periods                                6,389              18,227


Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified
  to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Equity investments designated at fair value through
     other comprehensive income:
     Changes in fair value                                              48,473              (71,056)


Net other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified
  to profit or loss in subsequent periods                               48,473              (71,056)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD, NET OF TAX                   54,862              (52,829)


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                            1,162,447             933,638


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                               1,144,804             927,748
  Non-controlling interests                                             17,643                5,890


                                                                     1,162,447             933,638




                                                                       Interim Report 2024         41
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
30 June 2024




                                                                    30 June    31 December
                                                                       2024          2023
                                                                 (Unaudited)      (Audited)
                                                         Notes     RMB’000        RMB’000


 NON-CURRENT ASSETS
 Property, plant and equipment                            11      4,915,830      4,692,152
 Right-of-use assets                                                381,432        375,606
 Goodwill                                                         4,221,637      4,199,458
 Other intangible assets                                          1,615,731      1,554,451
 Investments in joint ventures                                        1,451          2,265
 Investments in associates                                          544,097        593,316
 Equity investments designated at fair value through
     other comprehensive income                                     586,701        521,724
 Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                    225,290        203,422
 Non-pledged time deposits                                14      1,985,069      2,015,347
 Deferred tax assets                                                270,046        274,604


 Total non-current assets                                        14,747,284     14,432,345


 CURRENT ASSETS
 Inventories                                              12        821,633        777,539
 Trade and notes receivables                              13      1,245,521      1,095,132
 Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                  1,172,278      1,132,499
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            3,542,626      3,302,596
 Pledged deposits                                         14        177,664        195,432
 Non-pledged time deposits                                14        153,958         78,324
 Cash and bank equivalents                                14      2,085,208      2,611,161


 Total current assets                                             9,198,888      9,192,683




42      3SBIO INC.
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (continued)

                                                                                     30 June 2024




                                                                     30 June      31 December
                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                  (Unaudited)         (Audited)
                                                          Notes     RMB’000          RMB’000


 CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Trade and bills payables                                  15        205,494           212,062
 Other payables and accruals                               16      1,974,421         1,332,393
 Deferred income                                                      32,169            29,152
 Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                17      1,924,512         2,111,603
 Lease liabilities                                                    14,118             9,735
 Bonds payable                                                     1,200,690                —
 Tax payable                                                              —             32,665


 Total current liabilities                                         5,351,404         3,727,610


 NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                3,847,484         5,465,073


 TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                            18,594,768        19,897,418


 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                17      1,041,998         1,462,733
 Lease liabilities                                                    32,492            27,813
 Bonds payable                                             18             —          1,225,959
 Deferred income                                                     388,012           412,156
 Deferred tax liabilities                                            252,059           250,554
 Other non-current liabilities                                         4,336             4,603


 Total non-current liabilities                                     1,718,897         3,383,818


 Net assets                                                       16,875,871        16,513,600


 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the parent
 Share capital                                             19            147               149
 Treasury shares                                                    (357,100)         (235,641)
 Share premium                                                     2,844,463         3,517,283
 Other reserves                                                   11,896,784        10,751,980


 Equity attributable to owners of the parent                      14,384,294        14,033,771

 Non-controlling interests                                         2,491,577         2,479,829


 Total equity                                                     16,875,871        16,513,600


Dr. LOU Jing                                   SU Dongmei
Director                                       Director
                                                                      Interim Report 2024      43
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                                        Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                     Statutory                      Fair    Exchange                        Non-
                                                     Share     Treasury       Share Contributed        surplus      Retained       value    fluctuation                controlling       Total
                                                    capital      shares    premium       surplus      reserves      earnings     reserve       reserve        Total      interests      equity
                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


 At 31 December 2023 (audited)                         149     (235,641)   3,517,283     289,169     1,360,242     9,174,676    (151,570)       79,463 14,033,771      2,479,829 16,513,600
 Profit for the period                                  —            —            —           —             —      1,089,942          —             —     1,089,942        17,643    1,107,585


 Other comprehensive income for the period:
     Change in fair value of equity investments
       at fair value through other comprehensive
       income, net of tax                               —            —            —           —             —              —     48,473             —       48,473             —       48,473
     Exchange differences on translation of
       foreign operations                               —            —            —           —             —              —          —          6,389        6,389            —         6,389


 Total comprehensive income for the period              —            —            —           —             —      1,089,942     48,473          6,389    1,144,804        17,643    1,162,447
 Transfer to statutory surplus reserves                 —            —            —           —       302,720       (302,720)         —             —            —             —            —
 Final 2023 dividend declared (Note 9)                  —            —      (551,834)         —             —              —          —             —      (551,834)           —      (551,834)
 Final 2023 dividend declared by Sunshine
     Guojian Pharmaceutical (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
     (“Sunshine Guojian”)                               —            —            —           —             —              —          —             —            —         (5,895)      (5,895)
 Shares repurchased                                     —      (242,447)          —           —             —              —          —             —      (242,447)           —      (242,447)
 Shares cancelled (Note 19)                              (2)    120,988     (120,986)         —             —              —          —             —            —             —            —


 At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                           147     (357,100)   2,844,463     289,169     1,662,962     9,961,898    (103,097)       85,852 14,384,294      2,491,577 16,875,871




44           3SBIO INC.
           Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                            (continued)
                                                                                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                                    Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                    Equity
                                                                                               component
                                                                                                        of     Statutory                    Fair     Exchange                      Non-
                                                  Share     Treasury      Share Contributed convertible          surplus   Retained       value     fluctuation               controlling      Total
                                                  capital     shares   premium      surplus         bonds       reserves   earnings     reserve        reserve       Total     interests      equity
                                                RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000


At 31 December 2022 (audited)                       149     (235,641) 3,693,433    332,179        110,744 1,142,169 7,890,011           (35,502)       65,132 12,962,674 2,437,776 15,400,450
Business combination under common control             —          —           —      10,042              —             —     (46,911)         —              —      (36,869)           —      (36,869)


At 1 January 2023 (restated)                        149     (235,641) 3,693,433    342,221        110,744 1,142,169 7,843,100           (35,502)       65,132 12,925,805 2,437,776 15,363,581
  Profit for the period                               —          —           —           —              —             —    980,577           —              —     980,577         5,890     986,467
  Other comprehensive income for the period:
  Change in fair value of equity investments
    at fair value through other comprehensive
    income, net of tax                                —          —           —           —              —             —          —      (71,056)            —      (71,056)           —      (71,056)
  Exchange differences on translation of
    foreign operations                                —          —           —           —              —             —          —           —         18,227      18,227             —      18,227


Total comprehensive income for the period             —          —           —           —              —             —    980,577      (71,056)       18,227     927,748         5,890     933,638
Transfer to statutory surplus reserves                —          —           —           —              —       108,667    (108,667)         —              —           —             —           —
Final 2022 dividend declared (Note 9)                 —          —     (224,883)         —              —             —          —           —              —     (224,883)           —     (224,883)
Repurchase of convertible bonds                       —          —           —           —       (110,684)            —          —           —              —     (110,684)           —     (110,684)
Equity-settled share
  incentive scheme (Note 20)                          —          —           —        2,434             —             —          —           —              —       2,434             —       2,434
Shares issued upon
  exercise of share options (Note 19)                 —          —         570         (233)            —             —          —           —              —         337             —         337


At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                         149     (235,641) 3,469,120    344,422             60 1,250,836 8,715,010          (106,558)       83,359 13,520,757 2,443,666 15,964,423




                                                                                                                                                            Interim Report 2024                   45
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                                              2024           2023
                                                                                        (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                                                Notes     RMB’000       RMB’000


 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
 Profit before tax                                                                       1,421,868      1,194,068
 Adjustments for:
     Finance costs                                                               7         104,351         65,534
     Interest on convertible bonds                                               7               —         23,344
     Fair value loss on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    5          55,567       232,187
     Gain on repurchase of convertible bonds                                     5               —        (47,067)
     Share of profits and losses of a joint venture and associates                          45,226         10,561
     Interest income                                                             5          (81,224)     (131,947)
     Foreign exchange differences                                                5          (12,092)      (14,666)
     Charge of share-based compensation costs                                    6               —          2,434
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                               6         122,759       108,956
     Amortisation of other intangible assets                                     6          53,361         52,473
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                         6          11,269         10,270
     Amortisation of long-term deferred expenses                                 6           9,069          7,805
     Recognition of deferred income                                                         (21,328)      (12,049)
     Provision/(reversal of provision) for impairment of trade receivables       6             799         (9,441)
     Provision for impairment of other receivables                               6           4,494          1,440
     Provision for impairment of inventories                                                    58          3,725
     Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                  6          12,533          1,366


                                                                                         1,726,710      1,498,993


 Increase in inventories                                                                    (44,151)      (31,007)
 Decrease in pledged deposits                                                               18,704         18,943
 Increase in trade and notes receivables                                                  (151,187)       (16,568)
 (Increase)/decrease in prepayments and other receivables                                   (42,896)        9,688
 (Decrease)/increase in trade and bills payables                                             (6,568)       24,352
 Decrease in other payables and accruals                                                    (67,477)      (98,942)


 Cash generated from operations                                                          1,433,135      1,405,459


 Income tax paid                                                                          (340,424)      (220,974)


 Net cash flows from operating activities                                                1,092,711      1,184,485



46       3SBIO INC.
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (continued)

                                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                   (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Interest received                                                                        24,765             128,348
Purchase of items of property, plant and equipment                                     (241,061)           (323,337)
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    (1,270,622)         (3,626,741)
Purchase of non-pledged time deposits                                                  (450,248)           (355,464)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         980,225           3,653,857
Purchase of equity investments designated at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                                                  (19,748)             (53,155)
Proceeds from disposal of non-pledged time deposits                                     463,961                   —
Proceeds from disposal of equity investments designated at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                                                      2,909                1,667
Additions to other intangible assets                                                   (115,050)             (42,728)
Repayment of loans from a third party                                                     2,971                3,164
Government grants received                                                                    —              13,361
Advance payment for investments                                                               —            (800,000)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                   3,010                1,232


Net cash flows used in investing activities                                            (618,888)         (1,399,796)


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from issue of shares                                                                 —                  337
Increase in pledged deposits                                                                (936)             (4,420)
Repayments of bank borrowings                                                        (2,071,609)           (303,939)
Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                         1,482,850           1,640,888
Proceeds from issuances of bonds                                                              —           1,200,000
Repurchase of treasury shares                                                          (242,447)                  —
Repurchase of convertible bonds                                                               —          (2,373,077)
Principal portion of lease payments                                                       (9,592)             (9,131)
Dividend paid                                                                             (5,895)                 —
Interest paid                                                                          (125,188)             (58,321)


Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities                                     (972,817)             92,337


NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                              (498,994)           (122,974)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                      2,611,161           2,151,746
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                            (26,959)             42,749


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                                            2,085,208           2,071,521


                                                                                        Interim Report 2024         47
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
30 June 2024




1. CORPORATE INFORMATION

      3SBio Inc. was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under the Cayman Islands
      Companies Laws on 9 August 2006. The registered office address of the Company is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O.
      Box 2681, Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands. The Company’s shares were listed on the Main Board of The Stock
      Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 11 June 2015.


      The Company is an investment holding company. During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Company and its
      subsidiaries were principally engaged in the development, production, marketing and sale of biopharmaceutical products in
      the mainland area (“Chinese Mainland”) of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).



2. BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING
   POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

      2.1 Basis of Preparation


               The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2024 has been prepared in
               accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The interim condensed consolidated financial information does not
               include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction
               with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.


      2.2 Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures

               The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information are
               consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year
               ended 31 December 2023, except for the adoption of the following revised International Financial Reporting Standards
               (“IFRSs”) for the first time for the current period’s financial information.


               Amendments to IFRS 16                             Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
               Amendments to IAS 1                               Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                                                                    (the “2020 Amendments”)
               Amendments to IAS 1                               Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)
               Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                    Supplier Finance Arrangements




48     3SBIO INC.
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                            30 June 2024




2. BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING
   POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (continued)

  2.2 Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures (continued)


      The nature and impact of the revised IFRSs are described below:


      (a)   Amendments to IFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability arising
            in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of the gain or loss
            that relates to the right of use it retains. Since the Group has no sale and leaseback transactions with variable
            lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate occurring from the date of initial application of IFRS 16,
            the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.


      (b)   The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current, including what
            is meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting period.
            Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement. The
            amendments also clarify that a liability can be settled in its own equity instruments, and that only if a conversion
            option in a convertible liability is itself accounted for as an equity instrument would the terms of a liability not
            impact its classification. The 2022 Amendments further clarify that, among covenants of a liability arising from
            a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect the
            classification of that liability as current or non-current. Additional disclosures are required for non-current liabilities
            that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12 months after the reporting period.


            The Group has reassessed the terms and conditions of its liabilities as at 1 January 2023 and 2024 and
            concluded that the classification of its liabilities as current or non-current remained unchanged upon initial
            application of the amendments. Accordingly, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position
            or performance of the Group.


      (c)   Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and require
            additional disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments are intended to assist
            users of financial statements in understanding the effects of supplier finance arrangements on an entity’s liabilities,
            cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. The disclosure of relevant information for supplier finance arrangements
            is not required for any interim reporting period during the first annual reporting period in which an entity applies
            the amendments. As the Group does not have supplier finance arrangements, the amendments did not have any
            impact on the interim condensed consolidated financial information.




                                                                                                          Interim Report 2024          49
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2024




3. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
      The Group has only one operating segment, which is the development, production, marketing and sale of biopharmaceutical
      products.


      Geographical Information

      (a)      Revenue from external customers


                                                                                                       For the six months
                                                                                                          ended 30 June
                                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)


                Chinese Mainland                                                                      4,306,754          3,684,591
                Others                                                                                   82,691             99,242


                Total revenue                                                                         4,389,445          3,783,833


               The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.


      (b)      Non-current assets


                                                                                                       30 June       31 December
                                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)           (Audited)


                Chinese Mainland                                                                      9,996,347          9,371,178
                Others                                                                                1,909,121          2,249,492


                Total non-current assets                                                            11,905,468         11,620,670


               The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes financial instruments and
               deferred tax assets.


      Information About Major Customers

      The Group’s customer base is diversified and no revenue from transactions with a significant customer accounted for 10% or
      more of the Group’s total revenue during the reporting period.

50     3SBIO INC.
       Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                        30 June 2024




4. REVENUE
  An analysis of revenue is as follows:


                                                                        For the six months
                                                                          ended 30 June
                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                     (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


   Revenue from contracts with customers
      Sale of biopharmaceuticals                                       4,332,185        3,688,923
      Contract development and manufacturing operation business          57,260              94,910


   Total                                                               4,389,445        3,783,833


  Disaggregated Revenue Information for Revenue from Contracts With Customers

                                                                        For the six months
                                                                          ended 30 June
                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                     (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


   Types of goods or services
   Sale of biopharmaceuticals                                          4,332,185        3,688,923
   Contract development and manufacturing operation business             57,260              94,910


   Total                                                               4,389,445        3,783,833


   Geographical markets
   Chinese Mainland                                                    4,306,754        3,684,591
   Others                                                                82,691              99,242


   Total                                                               4,389,445        3,783,833


   Timing of revenue recognition
   Goods transferred at a point in time                                4,332,185        3,688,923
   Services transferred at a point in time                               57,260              94,910


   Total                                                               4,389,445        3,783,833




                                                                         Interim Report 2024      51
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2024




5. OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

      An analysis of other income and gains is as follows:


                                                                                     For the six months
                                                                                       ended 30 June

                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                  (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


       Other income
       Interest income                                                                81,224           131,947
       Government grants related to
          — Assets                                                                    15,860              10,204
          — Income                                                                    19,568              13,558
       Others                                                                         12,967               7,544


       Total other income                                                            129,619           163,253


       Gains
       Gain on repurchase of convertible bonds                                             —              47,067
       Foreign exchange differences, net                                              12,092              14,666
       Fair value loss on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       (55,567)         (232,187)


       Total gains                                                                    (43,475)         (170,454)


       Total other income and gains                                                   86,144              (7,201)




52     3SBIO INC.
       Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                               30 June 2024




6. PROFIT BEFORE TAX

  The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                               For the six months
                                                                                 ended 30 June

                                                                                  2024                2023
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


   Cost of inventories sold                                                    535,261           493,292
   Cost of services provided                                                    56,791              88,987
   Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment                      122,759           108,956
   Amortisation of other intangible assets                                      53,361              52,473
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                          11,269              10,270
   Amortisation of long-term deferred expenses                                   9,069                7,805
   Wages, salaries and staff welfare                                           645,512           533,823
   Equity-settled compensation expenses                                             —                 2,434
   Pension scheme contributions                                                 52,012              45,993
   Social welfare and other costs                                               76,410              68,184


   Total                                                                       773,934           650,434


   Other expenses and losses:
   Donation                                                                     17,531                9,030
   Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and Equipment                   12,533                1,366
   Provision/(reversal of provision) for impairment of trade receivables           799              (9,441)
   Provision for impairment of other receivables                                 4,494                1,440
   Others                                                                        5,330                2,684


   Total                                                                        40,687                5,079




                                                                                Interim Report 2024       53
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2024




7. FINANCE COSTS

      An analysis of finance costs is as follows:


                                                                                                       For the six months
                                                                                                         ended 30 June

                                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                   (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)


       Interest on bank borrowings                                                                      77,661              63,581
       Interest on bonds payable                                                                        25,132                  530
       Interest on convertible bonds                                                                         —              23,344
       Interest on lease liabilities                                                                     1,558               1,423


       Total                                                                                           104,351              88,878



8. INCOME TAX

      The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in which members
      of the Group are domiciled and operate.


      Pursuant to the relevant rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”), the Company and
      the subsidiaries of the Group incorporated therein are not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands and the BVI.


      No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made for the six months ended 30 June 2024 as the Group had no assessable
      profits arising in Hong Kong.


      Under the relevant PRC income tax law, except for Shenyang Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shenyang Sunshine”),
      Shenzhen Sciprogen Bio-pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Sciprogen”), Zhejiang Sunshine Mandi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
      (“Sunshine Mandi”), National Engineering Research Center of Antibody Medicine (“NERC”) and Sunshine Guojian which
      enjoy certain preferential treatment available to the Group, the PRC subsidiaries of the Group are subject to income tax at a
      rate of 25% on their respective taxable income. In accordance with the relevant Italian tax regulations, Sirton Pharmaceuticals
      S.p.A. (“Sirton”) is subject to income tax at a rate of 27.9%.




54     3SBIO INC.
       Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                      30 June 2024




8. INCOME TAX (continued)

  Shenyang Sunshine, Sciprogen, Sunshine Mandi, NERC and Sunshine Guojian, which are qualified as High and New
  Technology Enterprises, were entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the six months ended 30 June 2024.


  Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign investors
  from the foreign investment enterprises established in Chinese Mainland. The requirement is effective from 1 January 2008
  and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. However, a lower withholding tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty
  between the PRC and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors.


  An analysis of the provision for tax in the interim condensed consolidated financial information is as follows:


                                                                                                      For the six months
                                                                                                        ended 30 June

                                                                                                         2024                2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                  (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)


   Current                                                                                            308,218           224,224
   Deferred                                                                                              6,065             (16,623)


   Total tax charge for the period                                                                    314,283           207,601



9. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                      For the six months
                                                                                                        ended 30 June

                                                                                                         2024                2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                  (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)


   Final 2023 — HKD25 cents per share                                                                 551,834                   —


   Final 2022 — HKD10 cents per share                                                                       —           224,883


  A final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023 of HKD25 cents per share was proposed pursuant to a
  resolution passed by the Board on 20 March 2024 and was approved at the annual general meeting of the Company on 25
  June 2024. The dividend had not been paid to the shareholders of the Company during the reporting period.

                                                                                                       Interim Report 2024       55
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2024




10. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
    HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

      The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the period attributable to ordinary equity
      holders of the parent of RMB1,089,942,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (for the six months ended 30 June 2023:
      RMB980,577,000) and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 2,429,790,687 (for the six months ended 30 June
      2023: 2,438,919,579) of the Company in issue during the period, as adjusted to reflect the issue of ordinary shares during the
      period.


      The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the period attributable to ordinary equity
      holders of the parent, adjusted to reflect the interest on the convertible bonds, where applicable (see below). The weighted
      average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares in issue during the period, as used
      in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued
      at no consideration on the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.


      The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:


                                                                                                        For the six months
                                                                                                          ended 30 June

                                                                                                            2024                  2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)


       Earnings
       Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
          used in the basic earnings per share calculation:                                           1,089,942             980,577
       Interest on convertible bonds                                                                           —                 23,344
       Less: Gain on repurchase of convertible bonds                                                           —             (47,067)


       Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
          before interest and gain on convertible bonds                                               1,089,942             956,854




56     3SBIO INC.
      Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                  30 June 2024




10. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
    HOLDERS OF THE PARENT (continued)

                                                                                  Number of shares
                                                                                  For the six months
                                                                                    ended 30 June

                                                                                     2024                2023
                                                                               (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


   Shares
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during
     the reporting period used in the basic earnings per share calculation   2,429,790,687    2,438,919,579


   Effect of dilution — weighted average number of ordinary shares:
     Share options                                                                      —           883,352
     Awarded shares                                                             2,750,000         2,750,000
     Convertible bonds                                                                  —           960,521


   Total                                                                     2,432,540,687    2,443,513,452



11. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                  30 June      31 December
                                                                                     2024                2023
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)          (Audited)


   Carrying amount at 1 January                                                 4,692,152         4,113,675
   Additions                                                                      366,019           798,009
   Depreciation provided during the period/year                                   (122,759)         (211,283)
   Disposals                                                                       (15,528)            (17,258)
   Exchange realignment                                                             (4,054)              9,009


   Carrying amount at 30 June/31 December                                       4,915,830         4,692,152




                                                                                   Interim Report 2024       57
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2024




11. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

      A freehold land with a carrying amount of approximately RMB2,679,000 as at 30 June 2024 (31 December 2023:
      RMB2,748,000) is located in Italy.


      The Group is in the process of applying for the title certificates of certain of its buildings with an aggregate book value of
      approximately RMB39,436,000 as at 30 June 2024 (31 December 2023: RMB40,218,000). The directors are of the view
      that the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly occupy and use the above-mentioned buildings. The directors are also of the
      opinion that the aforesaid matter did not have any significant impact on the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2024.


      At 30 June 2024, certain of the Group’s construction in progress, freehold land and buildings with aggregate carrying
      amounts of approximately nil (31 December 2023: RMB1,083,345,000), RMB2,679,000 (31 December 2023: RMB2,748,000)
      and RMB31,920,000 (31 December 2023: RMB90,680,000) respectively were pledged to secure general banking facilities
      granted to the Group (note 17).



12. INVENTORIES

                                                                                                       30 June        31 December
                                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                   (Unaudited)            (Audited)


       Raw materials                                                                                   289,944             264,479
       Work in progress                                                                                334,565             305,646
       Finished goods                                                                                  138,887             149,642
       Consumables and packaging materials                                                               61,527             61,006


       Total                                                                                           824,923             780,773
       Impairment                                                                                        (3,290)             (3,234)


       Net carrying amount                                                                             821,633             777,539




58     3SBIO INC.
          Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                                                    30 June 2024




13. TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                                    30 June      31 December
                                                                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                                                 (Unaudited)         (Audited)


    Trade receivables                                                                                                             1,245,106         1,060,439
    Notes receivable                                                                                                                 51,966            85,445


    Total                                                                                                                         1,297,072         1,145,884
    Provision for impairment of trade receivables (Note)                                                                             (51,551)         (50,752)


    Net carrying amount                                                                                                           1,245,521         1,095,132


  The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit period is generally two months, extending up to
  three months for major customers. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and overdue
  balances, which are reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s
  trade receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. Trade
  receivables are non-interest-bearing.


  Note:


  An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                                                      30 June       31 December
                                                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                                   (Unaudited)         (Audited)


    Within 1 year                                                                                                                   1,195,072         1,010,946
    1 to 2 years                                                                                                                        6,820               7,283
    Over 2 years                                                                                                                       43,214              42,210


    Total                                                                                                                           1,245,106         1,060,439




                                                                                                                                     Interim Report 2024       59
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2024




14. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED DEPOSITS
                                                                                                   30 June       31 December
                                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)              (Audited)


       Cash at bank and on hand                                                                  2,078,344             2,610,430
       Restricted cash                                                                               6,864                   731
       Non-pledged time deposits                                                                 2,139,027             2,093,671
       Pledged deposits                                                                            177,664              195,432


       Subtotal                                                                                  4,401,899             4,900,264


       Less:
       Pledged deposits                                                                           (177,664)             (195,432)
       Non-pledged time deposits                                                                (2,139,027)        (2,093,671)


       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 2,085,208             2,611,161


      The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies. However, under Chinese Mainland’s Foreign Exchange Control
      Regulations and Administration of Settlement, and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is
      permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business. The
      remittance of funds out of Chinese Mainland is subject to exchange restrictions imposed by the PRC government.


      The Group’s cash and cash equivalents and deposits as at 30 June 2024 are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                   30 June       31 December
                                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)              (Audited)


       Denominated in:
          — RMB                                                                                  3,341,875             4,049,851
          — Hong Kong Dollar (“HKD”)                                                               331,986               81,060
          — United States Dollar (“USD”)                                                           708,863              727,181
          — Euro (“EUR”)                                                                            19,129               42,171
          — Australian Dollar                                                                            45                   —
          — Great Britain Pound                                                                           1                    1


       Total                                                                                     4,401,899             4,900,264


60     3SBIO INC.
          Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                   30 June 2024




14. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED DEPOSITS
    (continued)
  Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The bank balances and deposits are
  deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.

  The carrying amounts of the cash and cash equivalents approximated to their fair values as at the end of the reporting period.
  Deposits of approximately RMB177,664,000 (31 December 2023: RMB195,432,000) have been pledged to secure letters of
  credit, bank acceptance bills and pending lawsuits and arbitration as at 30 June 2024.


15. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
  An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as
  follows:

                                                                                                 30 June        31 December
                                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)           (Audited)

    Within 3 months                                                                               175,846             182,022
    3 to 6 months                                                                                  21,264              25,875
    Over 6 months                                                                                   8,384               4,165

    Total                                                                                         205,494             212,062

  The trade and bills payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable within the normal operating cycle or on demand.


16. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                                 30 June        31 December
                                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)           (Audited)

    Accrued selling and marketing expenses                                                        785,984             750,790
    Accrued salaries, bonuses and welfare expenses                                                129,828             188,902
    Contract liabilities                                                                           33,857              23,241
    Taxes payable (other than income tax)                                                          68,351              54,306
    Payable to vendors of property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets               221,700             183,735
    Dividends payable                                                                             551,834                  —
    Others                                                                                        182,867             131,419

    Total                                                                                       1,974,421           1,332,393

  Note:

  (a)     Other payables are non-interest-bearing.




                                                                                                   Interim Report 2024       61
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2024




17. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

                                                    30 June    31 December
                                                       2024          2023
                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                 (Unaudited)      (Audited)


       Current
       Bank loans — unsecured                     1,374,349      1,485,796
       Bank loan — secured                          550,163        625,807


       Subtotal — current                         1,924,512      2,111,603


       Bonds payable (note 18)                    1,200,690             —


       Total — current                            3,125,202      2,111,603


       Non-current
       Bank loans — unsecured                       999,859      1,401,578
       Bank loans — secured                          42,139         61,155


       Subtotal — non-current                     1,041,998      1,462,733


       Bonds payable (note 18)                           —       1,225,959


       Total — non-current                        1,041,998      2,688,692


       Total                                      4,167,200      4,800,295




62     3SBIO INC.
          Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                                                             30 June 2024




17. I N T E R E S T - B E A R I N G B A N K A N D O T H E R B O R R O W I N G S
    (continued)
                                                                                                                                     30 June             31 December
                                                                                                                                          2024                      2023
                                                                                                                                    RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                                                (Unaudited)                    (Audited)


     Analysed into:
         Bank loans and overdrafts repayable:
         Within one year or on demand                                                                                              1,924,512                 2,111,603
         In the second year                                                                                                           999,859                1,293,578
         In the third to ninth years, inclusive                                                                                        42,139                   169,155


     Total                                                                                                                         2,966,510                 3,574,336


   The Group’s interest-bearing bank borrowings as at 30 June 2024 are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                                                     30 June             31 December
                                                                                                                                          2024                      2023
                                                                                                                                    RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                                                (Unaudited)                    (Audited)


     Denominated in:
     — RMB                                                                                                                         1,100,495                    689,835
     — USD                                                                                                                            291,726                   701,250
     — HKD                                                                                                                            797,121                   877,036
     — EUR                                                                                                                            777,168                1,306,215


     Total                                                                                                                         2,966,510                 3,574,336


   Notes:


   (a)      For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the bank borrowings bore interest at fixed interest rates ranging from 1.95% to 6.63% (31 December 2023: 1.95%
            to 6.60%) per annum.


   (b)      Certain of the Group’s bank borrowings are secured by mortgages over the Group’s freehold land, leasehold land, buildings and construction in progress (note 11).


   (c)      The Group has entered into certain recourse factoring agreements with certain bank for financing purposes. As at 30 June 2024, trade receivables of
            RMB251,803,000 (31 December 2023: RMB333,333,000) had been transferred under recourse factoring agreements. Those trade receivables were derived
            from internal transactions within the Group and were eliminated in full on consolidation. In the opinion of the directors, such transactions did not qualify for
            derecognition of the relevant trade receivables and the loans received from the bank were accounted for as secured borrowings.


   (d)      The carrying amounts of the current bank borrowings approximate to their fair values.


                                                                                                                                      Interim Report 2024                 63
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2024




18. BONDS PAYABLE

      On 26 June 2023, the Company issued unsecured non-listed bonds in an aggregate amount of RMB1,200,000,000. The
      bonds were priced at par at RMB100 each, carrying interest at a fixed rate of 4.20% per annum. The bonds will mature on 26
      June 2025.


                                                                                                   30 June       31 December
                                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)           (Audited)


       Bonds payable                                                                             1,200,690          1,225,959


       Amount repayable:
       Within one year                                                                           1,200,690                  —
       In the second year                                                                                —          1,225,959



19. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                   30 June       31 December
                                                                                                      2024               2023
       Shares                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)           (Audited)


       Issued and fully paid:
       2,416,800,912 (31 December 2023:
          2,438,920,412) ordinary shares                                                               147                149




64     3SBIO INC.
         Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                                  30 June 2024




19. SHARE CAPITAL (continued)

  A summary of movements in the Company’s issued share capital for the six months ended 30 June 2024 is as follows:


                                                                     Number of                       Share          Share
                                                               shares in issue                   capital         premium                 Total
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                           (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


      Ordinary shares of USD0.00001 each
        at 31 December 2023 and
        1 January 2024                                          2,438,920,412                          149      3,517,283         3,517,432
      Shares cancelled                                              (22,119,500)                         (2)     (120,986)         (120,988)
      Final 2023 dividend declared (Note 9)*                                    —                        —       (551,834)         (551,834)


      Ordinary shares of USD0.00001 each
        at 30 June 2024                                         2,416,800,912                          147      2,844,463         2,844,610


                                                                      Number of                      Share           Share
                                                                 shares in issue                     capital      premium                Total
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                               (Audited)          (Audited)        (Audited)


      Ordinary shares of USD0.00001 each
        at 31 December 2022 and
        1 January 2023                                          2,438,870,412                          149      3,693,433         3,693,582
      Share options exercised                                             50,000                         —         48,733            48,733
      Final 2022 dividend declared                                              —                        —        (224,883)        (224,883)


      Ordinary shares of USD0.00001 each
        at 31 December 2023                                     2,438,920,412                          149      3,517,283         3,517,432


  *       The Company declared the final 2023 dividend out of the Company’s share premium account.




                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2024      65
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2024




20. SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME

      Share Option Scheme Adopted by the Company


      On 26 September 2016, a total of 20,000,000 share options, each of which entitles the holders to subscribe for one ordinary
      share of the Company at an exercise price of HKD9.10, under the post-IPO share option scheme of the Company adopted
      on 23 May 2015 and amended on 28 June 2016 (the “Share Option Scheme”), were granted to TMF (Cayman) Ltd. (“TMF”),
      as the trustee of The Empire Trust (the “Grantee”), a trust established by the Company for the beneficiaries who are executive
      directors and employees of the Group and its holding companies, and any other persons as nominated from time to time by
      the advisory committee of the Grantee that is established with the authority of the board of the directors of the Company. The
      share options will vest and become exercisable upon meeting certain vesting conditions. If the vesting conditions are not met,
      the share options will lapse.


      On 2 February 2017, the Company and the Grantee had agreed that the grant of 20,000,000 share options which was
      approved by the board of the Company on 22 September 2016 was cancelled at no consideration. By the date of
      cancellation, no beneficiary had been nominated by the advisory committee of the Grantee and no options had been
      designated to any beneficiary, and thus the Group did not recognise any share-based payment expenses in relation to the
      cancelled 20,000,000 share options. On the same date, a total of 20,000,000 share options, each of which entitles the
      holders to subscribe for one ordinary share of the Company at an exercise price of HKD7.62 (which is the highest of the
      closing price of HKD7.30 per share and the average closing price of HKD7.62 per share), were granted to TMF, as the trustee
      of the Grantee under the Share Option Scheme for the benefits of the designated beneficiaries. The share options will vest
      and become exercisable upon meeting certain vesting conditions. If the vesting conditions are not met, the share options will
      lapse.


      The fair value of the share options at the grant date is estimated using a binomial option pricing model, taking into account
      the terms and conditions upon which the share options were granted. The contractual life of each option granted is ten years.
      There is no cash settlement of the share options.


      At the end of the reporting period, the Company had 16,486,000 share options outstanding under the Share Option Scheme,
      which represented approximately 0.68% of the Company’s shares in issue as at that date.


      As the vesting period has passed, the share options have been fully amortised for the six months ended 30 June 2024. No
      share-based payment expenses have been recorded in the interim condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss for the
      six months ended 30 June 2024 (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: Nil).




66     3SBIO INC.
       Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                   30 June 2024




20. SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME (continued)

  Share Award Scheme Adopted by the Company


  As part of the Group’s initiatives to recognise the contributions of the selected participants, attract suitable personnel and
  provide the selected participants with a direct economic interest in attaining a long-term relationship between the Group and
  the selected participants, on 16 July 2019, the board of the directors of the Company approved the adoption of the share
  award scheme and the award of a maximum of 10,000,000 shares to 37 independent employees of the Group. Such award is
  subject to vesting conditions and the awarded shares will lapse if the vesting conditions are not met. Since 23 March 2020, a
  total of 9,885,448 shares have been awarded to and vested with 32 employees of the Group at nil consideration.


  The fair value of the awarded shares at the grant date is estimated using a binomial option pricing model, taking into account
  the terms and conditions upon which the awarded shares were granted. There is no cash settlement of the awarded shares.
  The fair value of the awarded shares granted on 23 March 2020 was estimated on the date of grant using the following
  assumptions:


  Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                         —
  Expected volatility (%)                                                                                                 44.83
  Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                              0.86
  Discounts for the lack of marketability (%)                                                                             17.00
  Expected contractual life of share award (years)                                                                        10.00
  Underlying share price (RMB)                                                                                             5.12


  The 9,885,448 awarded shares were exercised in the previous year. No share-based payment expenses have been recorded
  in the interim condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (for the six months
  ended 30 June 2023: RMB1,626,000).


  On 7 September 2020, the board of the directors of the Company approved the grant of 10,000,000 shares through the
  share award scheme at nil consideration to Dr. Zhu. The fair value of the 10,000,000 awarded shares granted to Dr. Zhu
  was approximately HKD84,400,000 on the grant date. No awarded shares were exercised during the period. At the end
  of the reporting period, the Company had 2,750,000 awarded shares outstanding under the share award scheme, which
  represented approximately 0.11% of the Company’s shares in issue as at that date.




                                                                                                   Interim Report 2024       67
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2024




20. SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME (continued)

      Restricted Shares Incentive Plan Adopted by Sunshine Guojian


      As part of the Group’s initiatives to recognise the contributions of the selected participants, attract suitable personnel and
      provide the selected participants with a direct economic interest in attaining a long-term relationship between the Group and
      the selected participants, the board of directors of Sunshine Guojian approved the adoption of the restricted share incentive
      plan of 2,670,600 shares with an exercise price of RMB4.00 per share, of which 2,243,500 restricted shares were granted
      to 139 employees and 427,100 restricted shares were granted to 33 employees of Sunshine Guojian on 8 April 2021 and
      16 February 2022, respectively. Vesting conditions upon which the restricted shares will vest and become exercisable by
      batch include revenue growth rate and the progress of research and development programs from 2021 to 2023. If the vesting
      conditions are not met, the restricted shares will lapse.


      The fair value of the restricted shares at the grant date is estimated using a binomial option pricing model, taking into account
      the terms and conditions upon which the restricted shares were granted. There is no cash settlement of the restricted shares.


      At the end of the reporting period, Sunshine Guojian had no restricted shares outstanding under the restricted shares
      incentive plan. No share-based payment expenses have been recorded in the interim condensed consolidated statement of
      profit or loss for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB808,000).



21. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

      Arbitration of Sunshine Guojian

      In July 2021, Aohai Biotechnology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Aohai”) filed an arbitration application with Shanghai International
      Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for a dispute with regard to its collaboration with Sunshine Guojian and the
      application has been accepted. Aohai requested to terminate its cooperation agreement with Sunshine Guojian signed in
      December 2015 with a compensation of RMB131.4 million. In August 2021, Sunshine Guojian received the dispute notice
      with a compensation of RMB131.1 million. In December 2022, Aohai altered the dispute application with a compensation of
      RMB401.02 million. At the date of approval of the interim condensed consolidated financial information, the arbitration is still
      in progress.


      The directors of the Company have made an overall analysis and considered the possibility of the compensation is remote.
      There is no significant impact to the interim condensed consolidated financial information as at 30 June 2024.




68     3SBIO INC.
       Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                   30 June 2024




22. COMMITMENTS

  The Group had the following contractual commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                   30 June       31 December
                                                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)          (Audited)


   Contracted, but not provided for:
      Plant and machinery                                                                           511,110          526,884
      Capital contribution payable to funds                                                         466,667          466,667


   Total                                                                                            977,777          993,551



23. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

  Details of the Group’s principal related parties are as follows:


   Company                                                           Relationship


   Shenyang Sunshine Logistics Co., Ltd.                             Joint venture
      (“Shenyang Sunshine Logistics”)
   Dalian Huansheng Medical Investment Co., Ltd.                     Under control of certain middle management
      (“Dalian Huansheng”)                                             personnel of the Company
   Zhejiang Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                        Under control of certain middle management
      (“Zhejiang Sunshine”)                                            personnel of the Company
   Medical Recovery Limited (“Medical Recovery”)                     Under control of directors of the Company
   Shanghai Sunshine Guojian Biotechnology                           A private non-enterprise unit set up by
      Research Institute (“Guojian Biotechnology”)                     Sunshine Guojian




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2024      69
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2024




23. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      (a)      The Group had the following other transactions with related parties during the period:


                                                                                                           For the six months
                                                                                                             ended 30 June

                                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


                Lease from Shenyang Sunshine Logistics                                                       2,079               3,958
                Services received from Dalian Huansheng                                                         —                2,355
                Lease to Guojian Biotechnology                                                                  28                 28
                Testing fee to Guojian Biotechnology                                                           600                  —


      (b)      The Group had the following loans and prepayments with related parties during the period:


                                                                                                           For the six months
                                                                                                             ended 30 June

                                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                        Notes           (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


                A Loan to Dalian Huansheng                                                (i)               12,389              12,448
                Loans to Zhejiang Sunshine                                                (ii)              86,100              95,024
                A Loan to Medical Recovery                                                (iii)            262,658           258,290




70     3SBIO INC.
        Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                                                      30 June 2024




23. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

  (b)   The Group had the following loans and prepayments with related parties during the period: (continued)


        Notes:


        (i)      It represents a loan to Dalian Huansheng with the principal amount of RMB10,000,000 and the interest rate is 4.35% per annum. Pursuant to a
                 supplemental agreement dated 27 May 2024, the maturity date was extended to 26 May 2025 and the interest rate was changed to 3.29%. The
                 accrued interest for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was RMB155,000 (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB157,000).


        (ii)     On 8 August 2019, Shenyang Sunshine provided an entrusted loan with the principal amount of RMB30,000,000 to Zhejiang Sunshine at an annual
                 interest rate of 3.48% per annum. Pursuant to supplemental agreements dated 7 August 2023, the interest rate was changed to 2.50% and the
                 maturity date was extended to 7 August 2024. In October 2023, Shenyang Sansheng exempted Zhejiang Sansheng from interest amounting to
                 RMB4,391,000 and the amount of loan with no interest is RMB30,000,000. There were no accrued interest for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (for
                 the six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB548,000).


                 On 30 November 2020, Shenyang Sunshine provided an entrusted loan with the principal amount of RMB55,000,000 to Zhejiang Sunshine at an
                 annual interest rate of 3.15% per annum. Pursuant to supplemental agreements dated 16 December 2023, the maturity date was extended to
                 16 December 2024 and the nature of the loan was changed to an interest-free loan. In October 2023, Shenyang Sansheng exempted Zhejiang
                 Sansheng from interest amounting to RMB5,203,000 and the amount of interest-free loan is RMB55,000,000. There were no accrued interest for
                 the six months ended 30 June 2024 (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB894,000).


                 On 8 August 2018, Shanghai Xingsheng Pharmaceutical Company Limited provided a loan of RMB1,100,000 to Zhejiang Sunshine with no maturity
                 date and interest.


        (iii)    It represents a loan to Medical Recovery with the principal amount of USD30,000,000 and the maturity date on 17 July 2023, which was secured by
                 mortgages over all assets of Medical Recovery. Pursuant to a supplemental agreement dated 17 July 2023, the maturity date was extended to 17
                 July 2026 and the interest rate was changed to 4.00% per annum. The accrued interest for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was RMB3,085,000
                 (for six month ended 30 June 2023: RMB6,486,000). Medical Recovery is a company set up for purposes of The Sun Shine Trust. The Sun Shine
                 Trust is a gratuitous incentive scheme set up by certain directors of the Group and it was established prior to the listing of the Company and Medical
                 Recovery is considered as a related party of the Group.




                                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2024               71
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2024




23. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      (c)      Outstanding balances with related parties:


               The Group had the following significant balances with its related parties at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                            30 June       31 December
                                                                                                               2024                  2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)              (Audited)


                Due from related parties
                   Medical Recovery                                                                         195,594              191,186
                   Directors and senior management                                                                28                   28


                Total                                                                                       195,622              191,214


      (d)      Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:


                                                                                                            For the six months
                                                                                                              ended 30 June

                                                                                                               2024                  2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)


                Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                     5,987                 6,497
                Pension scheme contributions                                                                    388                   611


                Total                                                                                         6,375                 7,108




72     3SBIO INC.
       Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                      30 June 2024




24. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS

  The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying amounts that
  reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:


                                                               Carrying amounts                         Fair values

                                                              30 June        31 December            30 June       31 December
                                                                  2024                2023             2024                2023
                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                           (Unaudited)            (Audited)     (Unaudited)            (Audited)


   Financial assets
   Equity investments designated at fair value
      through other comprehensive income                      586,701              521,724          586,701             521,724
   Financial assets at fair value through
      profit or loss                                        3,542,626            3,302,596        3,542,626           3,302,596
   Non-pledged time deposits                                1,985,069            2,015,347        1,958,506           2,016,558


   Total                                                    6,114,396            5,839,667        6,087,833           5,840,878


   Financial liabilities
   Interest-bearing bank and other
      borrowings: non-current                               1,041,998            1,462,733        1,065,015           1,424,483
   Bonds payable                                            1,200,690            1,225,959        1,200,690           1,225,959


   Total                                                    2,242,688            2,688,692        2,265,705           2,650,442


  The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies and procedures
  for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance manager reports directly to the chief financial officer
  and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the movements in the values of financial
  instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief
  financial officer. The valuation process and results are discussed with the audit committee twice a year for interim and annual
  financial reporting.


  The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in
  a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.



                                                                                                    Interim Report 2024        73
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2024




24. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values of those financial assets and liabilities measured
      at fair value:


      The fair values of the non-current portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities and bonds payable
      have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with
      similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-bearing bank and other
      borrowings as at 30 June 2024 was assessed to be insignificant.


      The fair values of listed equity investments are based on quoted market prices. The fair values of unlisted equity investments
      designated at fair value through other comprehensive income have been estimated using a market-based valuation technique
      based on assumptions that are not supported by observable market prices or rates. The valuation requires the directors
      to determine comparable public companies (peers) based on industry, size, leverage and strategy, and to calculate an
      appropriate price multiple, such as enterprise value to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (“EV/
      EBITDA”) multiple and price to earnings (“P/E”) multiple, for each comparable company identified. The multiple is calculated
      by dividing the enterprise value of the comparable company by an earnings measure. The trading multiple is then discounted
      for considerations such as illiquidity and size differences between the comparable companies based on company-specific
      facts and circumstances. The discounted multiple is applied to the corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted equity
      investments to measure the fair value. The directors believe that the estimated fair values resulting from the valuation
      technique, which are recorded in the interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position, and the related changes
      in fair values, which are recorded in other comprehensive income, are reasonable, and that they were the most appropriate
      values at the end of the reporting period.


      The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent wealth management products issued by banks and other financial
      institutions in Chinese Mainland. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a discounted
      cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and risks.




74     3SBIO INC.
       Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                         30 June 2024




24. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)

  For the fair value of the unlisted equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, management has
  estimated the potential effect of using reasonably possible alternatives as inputs to the valuation model.


  Set out below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments together with a
  quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023:


                                                 Significant
                                   Valuation     unobservable                                Sensitivity of fair value
                                   technique     input               Range                   to the input


   Unlisted equity investments     Market        Discount            30 June 2024:           10% (31 December 2023: 10%)
                                   approach      for lack of           (10%) to 10%          increase/decrease in discount
                                                 marketability                               would result in decrease/increase
                                                                     (31 December 2023:      in fair value of RMB46,000/
                                                                       (10%) to 10%)         RMB46,000, respectively
                                                                                             (31 December 2023: RMB46,000/
                                                                                             RMB46,000, respectively).


  The discount for lack of marketability represents the amounts of premiums and discounts determined by the Group that
  market participants would take into account when pricing the investments.




                                                                                                     Interim Report 2024          75
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2024




24. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      Fair Value Hierarchy


      The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:


      Assets measured at fair value:


      As at 30 June 2024


                                                                               Fair value measurement using

                                                          Quoted prices           Significant         Significant
                                                                in active        observable        unobservable
                                                                 markets               inputs              inputs
                                                                (Level 1)           (Level 2)           (Level 3)         Total
                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                             (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)


       Equity investments designated at fair value
          through other comprehensive income:
          Listed equity investments                               99,800                   —                   —        99,800
          Unlisted equity investments                                  —                   —             486,901       486,901


       Financial assets at fair value through
          profit or loss:
          Treasury or cash management products                         —           3,542,626                   —     3,542,626


       Total                                                      99,800           3,542,626             486,901     4,129,327




76     3SBIO INC.
       Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                       30 June 2024




24. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)

  Fair Value Hierarchy (continued)


  The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments: (continued)


  Assets measured at fair value: (continued)


  As at 31 December 2023


                                                                            Fair value measurement using

                                                       Quoted prices           Significant         Significant
                                                             in active        observable        unobservable
                                                             markets               inputs              inputs
                                                             (Level 1)           (Level 2)           (Level 3)                Total
                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                            (Audited)           (Audited)           (Audited)              (Audited)


   Equity investments designated at fair value
      through other comprehensive income:
      Listed equity investments                              104,133                   —                   —               104,133
      Unlisted equity investments                                  —                   —             417,591               417,591


   Financial assets at fair value through
      profit or loss:
      Treasury or cash management products                         —           3,302,596                   —           3,302,596


   Total                                                     104,133           3,302,596             417,591           3,824,320




                                                                                                      Interim Report 2024         77
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2024




24. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      Fair Value Hierarchy (continued)


      The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the period are as follows:


                                                                                                                 2024        2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Audited)


       Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income:
       At 1 January                                                                                        417,591        419,815
       Purchases                                                                                             18,259        72,709
       Disposal                                                                                              (2,909)      (14,488)
       Total gains recognised in other comprehensive income                                                  53,960       (60,445)


       At 30 June                                                                                          486,901        417,591


      The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023.


      During the period, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or
      out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (six months ended 30 June 2023: Nil).



25. EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      As part of the Group’s initiatives to recognise the contributions of the selected participants, attract suitable personnel and
      provide the selected participants with a direct economic interest in attaining a long-term relationship between the Group and
      the selected participants, the board of directors of Sunshine Guojian approved the adoption of a restricted share incentive
      plan and which 5,174,500 shares with an exercise price of RMB11.95 per share were granted to 92 employees of Sunshine
      Guojian on 30 July 2024. Vesting conditions upon which the restricted shares will vest and become exercisable by batch
      include revenue amounts and the progress of research and development programs from 2024 to 2026.



26. APPROVAL OF ISSUANCE OF THE UNAUDITED INTERIM
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

      The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information was approved and authorised for issue by the board of
      directors on 22 August 2024.

78     3SBIO INC.
