(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Stock Code : 1530




                                                              ANNUAL REPORT
Contents
2     Company Profile

3     Corporate Information

5     Financial Highlights

6     Chairman’s Statement

9     Management Discussion and Analysis

36    Directors and Senior Management

42    Report of Directors

64    Corporate Governance Report

83    Independent Auditor’s Report

      Consolidated Financial Statements

91      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

92      Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

93      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position


95      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity


97      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows


100   Notes to Financial Statements
Company Profile

3SBio Inc. (the “Company” or “3SBio”, with its subsidiaries collectively, the “Group”) is a leading biotechnology company in the
People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). As a pioneer in the Chinese biotechnology industry, the Group has extensive expertise in
researching, developing, manufacturing and marketing bio-pharmaceuticals. The core products of the Group include several bio-
pharmaceutical drugs, TPIAO (特比澳), recombinant human erythropoietin (“rhEPO”) products EPIAO (益比奥) and SEPO (賽博
爾), Yisaipu (益賽普), Cipterbin (賽普汀) and a small molecule drug, Mandi (蔓迪). TPIAO is the only commercialized recombinant
human thrombopoietin (“rhTPO”) product in the world. According to IQVIA1, the market share in the treatment of thrombocytopenia
of TPIAO in Mainland China2 was 65.0% in 2023 in terms of sales value. With its two rhEPO products, the Group has been the
premier market leader in the Mainland China rhEPO market for over two decades, holding a total market share of 42.2% in 2023.
According to the data of Chinese Pharmaceutical Association (中國藥學會, “CPA”), Mandi has a dominant market share of 72.6% in
the Mainland China minoxidil tincture market in terms of sales value in 2023. Yisaipu is a Tumour Necrosis Factor (“TNF”)  inhibitor
product with a market share of 22.7% in the Mainland China TNF  market in 2023. The Group has been expanding its therapeutic
coverage by adding products through internal research and development (“R&D”) and various external strategic partnerships.
Meanwhile, the Group boosts its revenue scale through strategic positioning in contract development and manufacturing operation
(“CDMO”) business. Its operation officially commenced since December 2021.


As at 31 December 2023, amongst the 29 product candidates within the Group’s active pipeline, 25 were being developed as
innovative drugs in Mainland China. Out of these product candidates, 15 are antibodies, 7 are other biologic products, and 7 are
small molecule entities. The Group has 13 product candidates in hematology/oncology; 11 product candidates that target auto-
immune diseases including rheumatoid arthritis (“RA”) and other diseases including refractory gout and ophthalmological diseases
such as branch retinal vein occlusion (“BRVO”); 4 product candidates in nephrology; and 1 product candidate in dermatology.


The Group operates in a highly attractive industry. Biotechnology has revolutionized the pharmaceutical industry by addressing
unmet medical needs and offering innovative treatments for a wide array of human diseases. In Mainland China, the biotechnology
industry enjoys strong government support and has been selected by the State Council of the PRC as a key strategic emerging
industry. Strong government support along with increasing physician adoption of biopharmaceuticals has driven strong industry
growth in Mainland China.


The Group is positioned for global expansion. In 2023, the Group’s products were sold in 25 countries. In the long-term, the Group
aims to market its products in developed countries. Furthermore, the Group is collaborating with international partners to develop
and market the Group’s product candidates, such as pegsiticase and anti-programmed cell death protein 1 (“PD-1”) monoclonal
antibody (“mAb”). The Group aims to focus its R&D to provide innovative therapeutics for patients in Mainland China and globally.


As at 31 December 2023, the Group had operation facilities in Shenyang, Shanghai, Hangzhou and Shenzhen, all in Mainland China,
as well as in Como, Italy, with 5,412 employees. The Group’s pharmaceutical products are marketed and sold in all provinces,
autonomous regions and special municipalities in Mainland China, as well as a number of foreign countries and regions. During the
year ended 31 December 2023 (the “Reporting Period”), the Group’s nationwide sales and distribution network enabled it to sell its
products to over 10,000 hospitals and medical institutions in Mainland China.


1
    All market share information throughout this annual report cites the IQVIA data, unless otherwise noted.
2
    Hereinafter referred to as the mainland area of the PRC.


2           3SBIO INC.
                                                    Corporate Information


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                      REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Executive Directors                                     Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi (Chairlady)
Dr. LOU Jing (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)       Mr. PU Tianruo
Ms. SU Dongmei                                          Dr. ZHANG Dan


Non-executive Director                                  NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Mr. HUANG Bin                                           Dr. LOU Jing (Chairman)
                                                        Mr. PU Tianruo
Independent Non-executive Directors                     Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry
Mr. PU Tianruo
Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi
                                                        REGISTERED OFFICE
Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry
Dr. ZHANG Dan                                            (IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS)
                                                        Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
                                                        PO Box 2681
COMPANY SECRETARY                                       Grand Cayman, KY1-1111
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen
                                                        Cayman Islands


AUTHORIZED                                              PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
 REPRESENTATIVES                                         BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Ms. SU Dongmei
                                                        5/F, Manulife Place
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen
                                                        348 Kwun Tong Road
                                                        Kowloon
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                         Hong Kong SAR
Mr. PU Tianruo (Chairman)                               PRC
Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi
Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry
                                                        HEADQUARTERS
                                                        No. 3 A1, Road 10
                                                        Shenyang Economy and Technology Development Zone
                                                        Shenyang
                                                        PRC




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   3
Corporate Information




PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR                           LEGAL ADVISERS
                                                    As to Hong Kong law and United States law:
 AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                    Baker & McKenzie
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
                                                    14th Floor, One Taikoo Place
Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
                                                    979 King’s Road
PO Box 2681
                                                    Quarry Bay
Grand Cayman, KY1-1111
                                                    Hong Kong SAR
Cayman Islands
                                                    PRC


HONG KONG SHARE                                     As to PRC law:
 REGISTRAR                                          Jingtian & Gongcheng

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited   34th Floor, Tower 3, China Central Place

Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor                         77 Jianguo Road

Hopewell Centre                                     Chaoyang District

183 Queen’s Road East                               Beijing

Wanchai, Hong Kong SAR                              PRC

PRC
                                                    As to Cayman Islands law:
                                                    Conyers Dill & Pearman
PRINCIPAL BANK
                                                    29th Floor, One Exchange Square
Industrial Bank Co., Ltd, Shenyang Branch
                                                    8 Connaught Place
No. 77 Wenhua Road
                                                    Central
Heping District
                                                    Hong Kong SAR
Shenyang
                                                    PRC
PRC


                                                    SECURITIES CODE
AUDITOR                                             Shares Listing
Ernst & Young
                                                    Ordinary Shares
Certified Public Accountants
                                                    The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                    (Stock Code: 01530)
27/F, One Taikoo Place
979 King’s Road
Quarry Bay                                          COMPANY’S WEBSITE
Hong Kong SAR                                       www.3sbio.com

PRC




4       3SBIO INC.
                                                        Financial Highlights


                                                       2019         2020         2021         2022            2023
                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


Revenue                                            5,318,089    5,587,636    6,382,009    6,865,735    7,815,938
Gross Profit                                       4,392,742    4,524,725    5,275,723    5,671,574    6,641,640
Research and Development Costs                      526,565      590,343      753,872      693,813       794,794
EBITDA                                             1,581,855    1,343,011    2,174,961    2,615,078    2,389,093
EBITDA adjusted for non-operating items            2,000,485    1,606,119    2,190,250    2,303,777    2,768,353
Net Profit attributable to owners of the parent     973,715      835,791     1,651,247    1,915,727    1,549,239
Net Profit attributable to owners of the parent
  adjusted for non-operating items                 1,392,345    1,166,371    1,726,950    1,659,075    1,952,384
Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities           1,887,384    1,344,561    1,578,345    2,134,263    2,082,857
Gearing Ratio                                         27.1%        22.3%        17.9%        29.4%        29.3%


Total Assets                                      14,809,306   17,678,195   19,212,575   22,008,962   23,625,028
Total Liabilities                                  4,449,987    4,584,860    4,554,778    6,645,381    7,111,428
Total Equity                                      10,359,319   13,093,335   14,657,797   15,363,581   16,513,600




                                                                                         Annual Report 2023          5
Chairman’s Statement

Honored Shareholders:


On behalf of the board of directors (the “Directors”) of the Company (the “Board”), I am delighted to present the annual results for
the financial year ended 31 December 2023.


In 2023, the Group’s total revenue reached a new high and its operational performance continued on an upward track. The
research, production and marketing of proprietary products grew steadily, and external collaboration projects achieved remarkable
results. The Board significantly increased the annual dividend distribution ratio to share growth success with the shareholders.


Clinical stage R&D progress


In 2023, five products in the Group’s pipelines were approved for marketing or passed the consistency evaluation, including
products such as anti-TNF  pre-filled aqueous injection solution of Yisaipu (301S), Nalfuraphine hydrochloride orally disintegrating
tablets (TRK820) and Minoxidil foam formulation (MN709). Currently, there are 29 product candidates in the Group’s R&D pipeline.
In 2023, key marketing applications and phase III clinical progress include:


•      NuPIAO (rESP, SSS06): The Group completed the phase III clinical trial for the treatment of anemia in chronic renal failure
       and plans to submit a New Drug Application (“NDA”) within 2024;


•      Nalfuraphine hydrochloride orally disintegrating tablets (TRK820): the phase III clinical trial application for this product to treat
       pruritus in patients with chronic liver disease (“CLD”) was approved;


•      Anti-interleukin (“IL”) 17A mAb (608): The phase III clinical trial for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis has
       reached the primary endpoints;


•      Anti-VEGF mAb (601A): The Group completed patient enrollment in the phase III clinical trial for BRVO;


•      Clascoterone (WS204): The application of an investigational new drug (“IND”) for the phase III bridging clinical trial for the
       treatment of moderate-to-severe acne vulgaris was approved by the PRC National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”)
       in 2023, and the Group plans to conduct the clinical trial in 2024;


•      In addition, Recombinant Human Thrombopoietin Injection (TPIAO®) for the treatment of persistent or chronic primary
       immune thrombocytopenia (“ITP”) in children or adolescents has been approved by the NMPA on 2 April 2024; for anti-IL4R
        mAb (611), the first patient in the phase III clinical study of atopic dermatitis (“AD”) indication was enrolled in January 2024;
       for anti-IL-1 Ab (613), the first patient in the phase III clinical study of acute gout (“AG”) indication was enrolled in January
       2024.




6      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                   Chairman’s Statement




In 2023, the Group made good progress in phase I and phase II clinical trials, of which are,


•      Inetetamab (302H): The phase II clinical trial of Cipterbin for the neo-adjuvant treatment of HER2-positive breast cancer has
       completed patient enrollment;


•      Anti-IL5 mAb (610): 610 for the severe eosinophilic asthma indication obtained the primary endpoint data of the phase II
       clinical trial;


•      Anti-IL-17A mAb (608): The IND applications for the phase II clinical trial of the product for the treatment of ankylosing
       spondylitis and non-radiographic axial spondylitis were approved by the NMPA;


•      Anti-IL4R  mAb (611): The phase II clinical study of the product for the treatment of moderate-to-severe AD in adult patients
       reached the primary study endpoint; the phase II clinical trial for Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyps has completed
       patient enrollment; the first patient in the phase II clinical trial for moderate-to-severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
       (“COPD”) was enrolled in January 2024 and 611 received IND approval for a phase II clinical trial in children and adolescents
       AD indication;


•      Anti-IL-1 mAb (613): The phase II clinical trial for acute gout arthritis reached the primary endpoint; and the product
       received IND approval for a phase II clinical trial in the intermittent phase of gouty arthritis;


•      Anti-PD-1/VEGF BsAb (707): A dose-escalating phase I clinical trial for the treatment of patients with advanced or metastatic
       solid tumors has been completed in Mainland China, and dose expansion and indication expansion are underway;


•      Anti-IL-33 mAb (621): The IND approvals for COPD in Mainland China and the U.S. have been obtained.


Global strategic partnerships

In 2023, the Group focused on the themes of “global innovation” and “fields synergy” to move forward. With a strong cash position,
the Group continuously developed high-quality products to meet clinical needs and broaden its product portfolio in the fields of
nephrology, auto-immune, and dermatology. During the year, a number of collaborations were set up.


In 2023, the Group and CStone Pharmaceuticals (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Cstone Pharmaceuticals (HKEx stock
code: 2616) entered into an agreement. According to the agreement, the Group obtained an exclusive license from CStone
Pharmaceuticals of its anti-PD-1 mAb nofazinlimab (CS1003), encompassing development, registration, manufacturing and
commercialization in Mainland China, and the Group, through its CDMO facility, will be solely and exclusively responsible for
manufacturing and commercial supply of the licensed product in Mainland China in the future. The Group and Wuhan Si’an Medical
Technology Co., Ltd. (“Si’an”) entered into a collaboration agreement. According to the agreement, the Group obtained the
exclusive rights to develop, register, manufacture and commercialize Si’an’s CS1/BCMA dual-targeted CAR-T (SA102) in Greater
China. In addition, the Group and HQ Pharma entered into a collaboration agreement to execute technological development and
commercialization cooperation on Eltrombopag Suspension, which is the first to apply for marketing in Mainland China and has
been accepted in Priority Review.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023         7
Chairman’s Statement




MSCI ESG


For the past three years, the Group has been improving its ESG work and corporate governance. In 2023, the Group’s MSCI ESG
rating maintained AA-level, outperforming 84% of the rated global biotech peers.


Looking forward, the Group, in its marketing, will respond strongly to the government’s call for medical security going deep.
Guided by the principle “making high quality drugs being generally available to patients”, the Group will invest more resources in the
grassroots market, and consistently promote optimizing drug use structure for chronic diseases.


In terms of R&D innovation, the Group balances between the innovative aspect and cost control aspect of domestic innovative bio-
pharmaceuticals, and prioritizes those pipeline candidates with excellent clinical results and ahead-of-peers progress and advances
them towards market launch. In terms of new drug development strategy, we earnestly start off with efficacy demand, while
positioning in innovation.


In terms of external collaboration, the Group actively seeks global partners, consistently promotes out-licensing of leading pipeline
candidates, and welcomes competition and rewards in the global market.


Finally, on behalf of 3SBio, I would like to give my sincerest thanks to all our valued stakeholders — patients, employees and
shareholders of the Company and medical workers – for supporting to our efforts to strengthen the Company and provide better
care to patients.




Dr. LOU Jing
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
20 March 2024




8       3SBIO INC.
                                                     Management Discussion
                                                              and Analysis
BUSINESS REVIEW

Key Events


Termination of Exclusive License Agreement with AstraZeneca in respect of Byetta and Bydureon


Due to further streamlining in respect of the licensed products under an exclusive license agreement with AstraZeneca3, Hongkong
Sansheng Medical Limited (“Hongkong Sansheng”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and AstraZeneca entered into
a termination agreement on 28 February 2023 to agree that, with effect from 31 December 2023, the exclusive license agreement
shall be terminated and the commercialization of the licensed products thereunder shall cease, except that the distribution by
the third party distributors of Byetta licensed products acquired by such third party distributors prior to 31 December 2023 shall
cease on 31 August 2025. For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 11 October 2016 and 28
February 2023.


First Patient Enrolled in TPIAO CLD Indication Phase III Trial


As announced on 22 May 2023, the first patient was enrolled in the trial of phase III clinical study of TPIAO in the treatment of
patients with CLD related thrombocytopenia who are candidates for invasive surgery. Thrombocytopenia is a common complication
of CLD, the degree of which is related to the severity of liver disease. About 78% of patients with liver cirrhosis have varying degrees
of thrombocytopenia. The main cause of thrombocytopenia in CLD patients is the decreased production of thrombopoietin (TPO).


Remitch NDA for Pruritus in Hemodialysis Patients Approved


As announced on 5 July 2023, the NDA of narfuraphine hydrochloride orally disintegrating tablets (麗美治 ® ,
trade name in Japan: “レミッチOD錠2.5μg”) submitted to the NMPA has been approved (national drug approval No. HJ20230091)
for the improvement of pruritus in hemodialysis patients (only in cases where the efficacy of existing treatments is not satisfactory).
This is the first and only selectiveκ(kappa)-opioid receptor agonist approved by the NMPA to treat hemodialysis patients with
refractory pruritus. In addition, the clinical trial application for this product to improve pruritus in patients with CLD (only in cases
where the efficacy of existing treatments is not satisfactory) was approved in May 2023 (Notice No.: 2023LP00912).




3
      AstraZeneca refers to the applicable subsidiaries of AstraZeneca PLC.


                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023          9
Management Discussion and Analysis




Licensing Agreement with CStone Pharmaceuticals in respect of Anti-PD-1 mAb Nofazinlimab


As announced on 1 November 2023, Shenyang Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shenyang Sunshine”), a subsidiary of the
Company, has entered into an exclusive licensing agreement and a manufacturing technology transfer agreement with CStone
Pharmaceuticals (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of CStone Pharmaceuticals (HKEx stock code: 2616). According to the exclusive
licensing agreement, 3SBio obtained an exclusive license from CStone Pharmaceuticals of its anti-PD-1 mAb nofazinlimab (CS1003),
encompassing development, registration, manufacturing and commercialization in Mainland China. Both parties agreed that CStone
Pharmaceuticals will be responsible for completing the ongoing global pivotal phase III clinical study of nofazinlimab in combination
with lenvatinib as first-line treatment for advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). According to the terms of the agreement, 3SBio
will pay CStone Pharmaceuticals an upfront payment of RMB60 million and contingent development and registration milestone
payments of up to nearly RMB100 million, as well as sales milestone payments and tiered royalties during the commercialization
stage. According to the manufacturing technology transfer agreement, 3SBio, through its CDMO facility, will be solely and
exclusively responsible for the manufacturing and commercial supply of the licensed product in Mainland China in the future.


For certain other key event, please refer to, hereinafter, “PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES —
Redemption and Delisting of 2025 Bonds”.


Key Events after the Reporting Period


Mandi Foam Approved for Market Launch


As announced on 8 January 2024, the application for market launch of Mandi (5% minoxidil) Foam as an over-the-counter drug for
the treatment of androgenetic alopecia and alopecia areata by 3SBio’s subsidiary, Zhejiang Sunshine Mandi Pharmaceutical Co.,
Ltd. (“Sunshine Mandi”, formerly known as Zhejiang Wansheng Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.), to the NMPA has been approved.


Mandi Foam is the first domestic minoxidil foam approved for market launch. Its successfully completed phase III study showed
Mandi Foam being of equivalent efficacy and similar safety and tolerability as ROGAINE®, the leading minoxidil drug in the U.S..
Minoxidil is currently a first-line topical drug for the clinical treatment of androgenetic alopecia. Mandi Foam has better transdermal
speed and scalp accumulation rate, with milder scalp tolerance, rendering it a better choice for alopecia users.


Tpiao Approved for Pediatric ITP Indication


TPIAO, which was submitted for the new indication of treatment of persistent or chronic ITP in children or adolescents to the NMPA,
has been approved on 2 April 2024.


Primary ITP is an acquired autoimmune hemorrhagic disease. Pediatric ITP is often characterized by sudden petechiae, ecchymosis
or bleeding in children who are normally healthy. Occasionally, thrombocytopenia is found in patients who undergo whole blood cell
counts due to other conditions.




10     3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis




Key Products


— Bio-pharmaceuticals


TPIAO


TPIAO is the Group’s self-developed proprietary product, and has been the only commercialized rhTPO product in the world
since its launch in 2006. TPIAO has been approved by the NMPA for two indications: the treatment of chemotherapy-induced
thrombocytopenia (“CIT”) and ITP. TPIAO has the advantages of higher efficacy, faster platelet recovery and fewer side effects as
compared to alternative treatments for CIT and ITP.


TPIAO has been listed on the National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related Injury Insurance and
Maternity Insurance (《國家基本醫療保險、工傷保險和生育保險藥品目錄》) (“NRDL”) as a Class B Drug for the treatment of CIT in
patients with solid tumors or ITP since 2017. In the “Guidelines of CSCO — Cancer Therapy Induced Thrombocytopenia (“CTIT”)
(2022 version)”4, rhTPO is listed as a treatment choice with the highest level recommendation, the Grade I recommendation.
According to the “Chinese Guideline on the Diagnosis and Management of Adult Primary Immune Thrombocytopenia (2020
version)”5, rhTPO is one of the primary treatments for ITP emergency cases and is the first choice recommendation in the second
line treatments list for both ITP and ITP in pregnancy. In “Consensus on the Clinical Diagnosis, Treatment, and Prevention of
Chemotherapy-Induced Thrombocytopenia in China (2019 version)”6, rhTPO is one of the primary treatments for CIT. rhTPO has
also received similar professional endorsements in several national guidelines and experts consensus on treating certain other
diseases in Mainland China.


On 18 January 2023, TPIAO was listed on the 2022 NRDL through negotiation. Future growth of TPIAO may be driven by: 1) the
enhanced market position as for inpatients attributable to its safety and efficacy, and its continually supplanting traditional IL platelet-
raising drugs in clinical use; 2) the continued increase in the number of hospitals covered; and 3) the expansion of indications. In
2023, its market share for the treatment of thrombocytopenia in Mainland China was 33.4% in terms of sales volume and 65.0% in
terms of sales value. The supplemental NDA for treatment of persistent or chronic primary ITP in children or adolescents has been
approved by the NMPA on 2 April 2024. As announced on 22 May 2023, the first patient was enrolled in the trial of phase III clinical
study of TPIAO in the treatment of patients with CLD related thrombocytopenia who are candidates for invasive surgery. Outside of
Mainland China, TPIAO is in the process of registration in several countries in Asia, Africa and South America.




4
      Issued by the Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (“CSCO”)
5
      Issued by the Thrombosis and Hemostasis Group of the Chinese Society of Hematology of the Chinese Medical Association (the “CMA”)
6
      Issued by the Society of Chemotherapy, China Anti-Cancer Association; and Committee of Neoplastic Supportive-Care (CONS), China Anti-Cancer Association


                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023                11
Management Discussion and Analysis




EPIAO


EPIAO is approved by the NMPA for the following three indications: the treatment of anemia associated with chronic kidney
disease (“CKD”), the treatment of chemotherapy-induced anemia (“CIA”), and the reduction of allogeneic blood transfusion in
surgery patients. EPIAO has been listed on the NRDL as a Class B Drug for renal anemia since 2000, for CIA in patients with non-
hematological malignancies since 2019, and, additionally, for the reduction of allogeneic blood transfusion in surgery patients since
2023. EPIAO has also been listed on the 2018 National Essential Drug List. EPIAO has consistently been the premier market leader
in the Mainland China rhEPO market since 2002 in terms of both sales volume and sales value. EPIAO and SEPO together claim
a majority market share of the Mainland China rhEPO market at 10,000 IU dosage. The Group believes that, 1) the continuous
expansion of the dialysis market; 2) the coverage reduction of allogeneic blood transfusion in surgery patients in the NRDL; 3) the
improvement of anemia treatment standards; 4) the improvement of the diagnosis and treatment rate of cancer anemia; and 5)
the proactive going-deep strategy in the lower-tier market, will continue to drive the further growth of clinical applications of its
erythropoietin products. The multi-center biosimilar clinical trials for EPIAO in Russia and Thailand were completed in 2021. EPIAO
demonstrated promising effectiveness and manageable safety in patients with end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis. EPIAO is in
the process of registration in several countries.


Yisaipu


Yisaipu (Recombinant Human TNF-αReceptor II: IgG Fc Fusion Protein for Injection), is a TNFαinhibitor product. It was first
launched in 2005 in Mainland China for RA. Its indications were expanded to ankylosing spondylitis (“AS”) and psoriasis in
2007. Yisaipu has been listed on the NRDL as a Class B Drug since 2017 for RA and for AS, each subject to certain medical
prerequisites, and additionally, since 2019 for the treatment of adult patients with severe plaque psoriasis. Yisaipu is the first-to-
market TNFαinhibitor product in Mainland China that filled a gap among domestic peers in regard to the fully-human therapeutic
antibody-drugs. Compared with competitors, the efficacy and safety of Yisaipu have been proven in the domestic market over
nearly two decades. In 2023, its market share was 22.7% in the Mainland China TNFαmarket. In “2018 China Rheumatoid Arthritis
Treatment Guidance”, an authoritative document issued by the CMA, Yisaipu was adopted under ‘TNFαinhibitors’ as one of the RA
treatment options, and TNFαinhibitors was deemed as a group of biological agents with relatively sufficient evidence and relatively
wide adoption in treating RA. TNFαinhibitors have been recommended in a number of professional guidelines, such as “EULAR
Recommendations for the Management of Rheumatoid Arthritis with Synthetic and Biological Disease-Modifying Anti-rheumatic
Drugs: 2022 Update”, “Group for Research and Assessment of Psoriasis and Psoriatic Arthritis (GRAPPA): Updated Treatment
Recommendations for Psoriatic Arthritis 2021” and “Recommendations for Diagnosis and Treatment of Ankylosing Spondylitis”7.
In 2024, Yisaipu will actively embrace centralized procurement to further promote the concept of long-term benefits of early-stage
biotherapy and advance the timing of its use. It will continue to push forward the mid-market sinking strategy, vigorously develop
and train young and middle-aged medical practitioners, strengthen the coverage of Yisaipu at primary departments, enhance the
concept to use and market growth of rheumatic immune biological agents in key third and fourth tier cities, and meanwhile, actively
expand the application of Yisaipu in different departments and fields including Chinese traditional medicine. The NDA for the pre-
filled aqueous injection solution of Yisaipu (Group R&D code: 301S) was approved by the NMPA in March 2023. The launch of
prefilled syringe of Yisaipu improves patients convenience and enhances the overall market competitiveness of Yisaipu.



7
      Issued by Chinese Rheumatology Association of the CMA, Chin J Intern Med, August 2022, Vol. 61, No. 8


12      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




Cipterbin


Cipterbin (Inetetamab) is the first innovative anti-HER2 mAb in Mainland China with the engineered Fc region and optimized
production process. Sunshine Guojian Pharmaceutical (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Sunshine Guojian”) independently developed this
product based on its proprietary technology platform. It was approved by the NMPA in June 2020 for treatment of HER2-positive
metastatic breast cancer in combination with chemotherapy, as it was proven to be capable of delaying the disease progression
for, and bringing survival benefits to, HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer patients. Cipterbin has been listed on the NRDL since
2020. Inetetamab has been included in several clinical guidelines and experts consensus. According to the “Guidelines of CSCO
— Breast Cancer (2022 edition)”, Inetetamab (Cipterbin) is listed as a treatment choice with the highest level recommendation,
the Grade I recommendation, for patients with HER2-positive advanced breast cancer. According to “Diagnosis and Treatment
Guidelines of Breast Cancer (2022 edition)” issued by the PRC National Health Commission, Inetetamab (Cipterbin) is one of the
treatments of advanced breast cancer. A large number of real-world studies, as well as studies initiated by clinical experts, have
been conducted for Inetetamab, and new evidence-based data continues to be accumulated. In the 2023 American Society of
Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting, several clinical studies on Inetetamab (Cipterbin) have been selected for presentation8.
With excellent efficacy and safety and increased clinical use, the acceptance of Cipterbin by physicians and patients has been in
steady rise. In 2024, the Group will continue to drive sales growth of Cipterbin by further enriching the evidence-based medical
evidence for the product, expanding the breadth of product use, and continuing to penetrate deeper into the existing market and
gain access to new hospitals.


— Small Molecules


Mandi


Mandi, generically known as minoxidil tincture, was launched in 2001 as the first over-the-counter (“OTC”) drug in Mainland China
for androgenetic alopecia (“AGA”) and alopecia areata. Minoxidil is the world’s only topical OTC drug for male and female alopecia
that is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) as well as the NMPA. The topical minoxidil can promote
hair growth through: 1) promoting angiogenesis to increase regional blood supply and dilate scalp vascular, so as to improve
microcirculation; 2) directly stimulating proliferation and differentiation of hair follicle epithelial cells to extend hair growth cycle; and
3) regulating the balance between calcium ion and potassium ion. In the “Guideline for Diagnosis and Treatment of Androgenetic
Alopecia” issued by Chinese Medical Doctor Association, minoxidil receives the highest endorsement level, as it is superior to other
AGA treatments in terms of anti-alopecia and improvement effects and safety. In “Chinese Experts Consensus on the Diagnosis
and Treatment of Female Androgenetic Alopecia (2022 edition)”, 5% minoxidil receives the highest endorsement level in female
androgenetic alopecia (FAGA).




8
      (1) In “Neoadjuvant inetetamab combined with pertuzumab, paclitaxel, and carboplatin (TCbIP) for locally advanced HER2-positive breast cancer: Primary analysis
      of a phase II study”, TCbIP displays a promising efficacy (pCR rate of 66.7%) and manageable toxicity in patients with HER2-positive LA breast cancer in the
      neoadjuvant setting. (2) In “Safety and efficacy of inetetamab in combination with pyrotinib in HER2 mutant patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC):
      An open-label, phase Ib trial”, the preliminary data of Inetetamab in combination with pyrotinib showed manageable safety and compelling anti-tumor activity in
      advanced NSCLC patients harboring HER2 mutations. (3) In “Anti-HER2 antibody inetetamab plus camrelizumab and utidelone for pre-treated HER2-positive
      metastatic breast cancer: Final results from the phase 2 ICU trial”, final efficacy and safety results were consistent with previous ICU study preliminary analyses. The
      ICU study showed a favorable benefit-risk profile and is an important option for Chinese patients with HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer after at least two lines
      of HER2-directed therapies with trastuzumab and TKIs.


                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023                 13
Management Discussion and Analysis




According to the CPA’s data, Mandi has a market share of 72.6% in Mainland China in 2023. The increase of Mandi’s sales is
mainly due to professional online branding operation. For the Reporting Period, the revenue of Mandi recorded a year-on-year
growth of approximately 25.8%. The Group believes that Mandi’s continuous growth in the future will be driven by: 1) persistent
market education, as the Group will continue to invest resources in promotion and market education regarding the science of hair
growth, enhancing the social recognition of Mandi as the top brand of scientific hair growth; 2) professional digital marketing system,
as Mandi expands its online layout from traditional e-commerce platforms such as Ali, JD, to new e-commerce platforms like Tiktok
store and Little Red Book, creating diversified and fine-tuned operation, accurately reaching and converting potential customers,
and continuously boosting sales on e-commerce platforms; and 3) launch of new foam formulation. The phase III study of the foam
form of Mandi, comparing head-to-head in male hair loss patients to ROGAINE®, a leading minoxidil drug in the U.S., has been
successfully completed, showing Mandi foam being of equivalent efficacy and similar safety and tolerability. The application for
market launch of Mandi (5% minoxidil) foam was approved by the NMPA as OTC drug for male alopecia and alopecia areata, as
announced on 8 January 2024. Mandi foam is currently the only minoxidil foam that is approved for marketing in Mainland China,
which significantly improves its market competitiveness.


In Mainland China, the current penetration rate of Mandi is only approximately 3%—4% among the 250 million hair loss population.
The Group focuses on greater brand promotion of Mandi and on improving recognition of drug treatment effectiveness for hair loss.
The Group believes that with greater promotion, the enhanced penetration rate will continue to aggrandize the market potential of
Mandi.


Remitch


As announced on 5 July 2023, the NDA of nalfuraphine hydrochloride orally disintegrating tablets (Group R&D code: TRK-820,
marketed in Japan as “Remitch” since 2009, to be marketed in Mainland China as 麗美治®) was approved by the NMPA to treat
hemodialysis pruritus where current treatments do not produce satisfactory results. In December 2017, Toray Industries Inc. (“Toray”)
granted to the Group the exclusive right to develop and commercialize TRK-820 in Mainland China.


According to the results of the global survey DOPPS (Dialysis Outcomes and Practice Patterns Study), as high as 39% of
hemodialysis patients in Mainland China are suffering from moderate or more severe level of skin itching, and patients suffering
from severe or acutely severe skin itching are up to 19%. Pruritus and the accompanying persistent sleep obstacles have become
one of the important causes of depression suffered by hemodialysis patients; there is also a clear correlation between the state of
depression and the increased death rates in hemodialysis patients. At present, while antihistamines is one of the most commonly
used drugs for treatment of skin pruritus in Mainland China, it is not very effective for treating hemodialysis pruritus, and using
antihistamines alone is quite difficult to improve their quality of life effectively. The therapeutic effect of other treatments ranging from
local phototherapy to skin lubricants, topical hormones, oral gabapentin or pregabalin is limited. For those hemodialysis patients
who do not experience satisfactory results from such treatments for pruritus, there is presently no effective treatment method.




14       3SBIO INC.
                                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




TRK-820 is a highly selectiveκ(kappa)-opioid receptor agonist developed by Toray. The soft capsule dosage-form of the TRK-
820 has been launched in Japan since 2009 and in South Korea since 2016 to treat hemodialysis pruritus, which is limited to
circumstances where current treatments do not produce satisfactory results. Additional indications of TRK-820, including pruritus
in CLD patients and pruritus in peritoneal dialysis patients, were approved in Japan in 2015 and 2017, respectively. The orally
disintegrating tablet was approved and launched in Japan in 2017. The orally disintegrating tablet can be taken with or without
water, which is particularly suitable for patients whose swallowing capabilities have deteriorated or those who have restrictions
on water intake, and therefore is expected to improve drug intake compliance of patients. According to the results of the Group’s
bridging clinical study, doses of 5μg and 2.5μg of nalfuraphine hydrochloride orally disintegrating tablets can safely improve the
symptoms of hemodialysis patients with refractory pruritus when compared with the placebo. TRK-820 is the first marketed drug
in Mainland China targeting hemodialysis pruritus, and is expected to alleviate the pruritus symptoms and improve patient quality of
life, thereby bringing benefits to the large number of hemodialysis pruritus patients in Mainland China.


In addition, the phase III clinical trial application of TRK-820 for improving pruritus in CLD patients (only in cases where the existing
treatment efficacy is unsatisfactory) was approved in May 2023. In the field of liver diseases, CLD patients, such as hepatitis,
cirrhosis and obstructive jaundice, often experience intensive pruritus through the body. In addition, the primary biliary cholanitis is
a disease characterized by pruritus. Pruritus can seriously affect patients’ activity and sleep. The pruritus caused by CLD is believed
to be related to a number of factors, and it is completely ineffective for certain patients treated with antihistamines, anti-allergic
drugs and anion exchange resin. Such symptom is known as “refractory pruritus”. According to national epidemiological data in
Global Liver Disease Burdens and Research Trends: Analysis from a Chinese Perspective9, more than one fifth of the population
in Mainland China are suffering from liver diseases, including approximately 90 million chronic hepatitis B virus (“HBV”) infection
patients, approximately 10 million chronic hepatitis C virus (“HCV”) infection patients, approximately 7 million cirrhosis patients,
approximately 173 to 310 million non-alcoholic fatty liver patients, approximately 62 million alcoholic liver disease patients, and
approximately 460,000 liver cancer patients. Among them, skin itch occurs in 20%—70% of primary biliary cirrhosis patients, 20%—
60% of primary sclerosing cholanitis patients, 20%—50% of jaundice patients, 5.1%—58.4% of HCV viral infection patients, and
8%—36.2% of HBV viral infection patients. According to Journal of Japanese Society of Gastroenterology10, existing anti-pruritics
drugs are ineffective for 57.8% of Japanese pruritus patients. Remitch was approved in Japan for pruritus in liver diseases in 2015.
The Group will actively advance clinical development for this indication in Mainland China to meet the clinical needs of Chinese
patients.


TRK-820 for improving pruritus in CLD patients as a product candidate is in development. For risks associated with drug
development, please refer to, under the heading “PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES” hereinafter, “If the Group fails to
develop and commercialize new pharmaceutical products, its business prospects could be adversely affected”.




9
      Journal of Hepatology, 2019, 71(1): 212-221
10
      Journal of Japanese Society of Gastroenterology vol. 118, no. 1 (2021): 30-40


                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023         15
Management Discussion and Analysis




— CDMO Business


The Group’s CDMO business currently comprises Northern Medicine Valley Desen (Shenyang) Biologics Co., Ltd. (“Desen
Biologics”), Shanghai Shengguo Pharmaceutical Development Co., Ltd. (“SIGO Biologics”), Guangdong Sunshine Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd. and Sirton Pharmaceuticals S.p.A. (“Sirton”) in Italy, all being the Group’s subsidiaries. Among them, Desen Biologics has
a total planned area of 500 Chinese mu, designed as a biopharmaceutical CDMO base, a manufacturing base of biopharmaceutical
raw and auxiliary materials and consumables, and a biopharmaceutical core process equipment base that are domestically-leading,
oriented to the international market and compliant with relevant Chinese, EU and U.S. Good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”)
regulations. The 76,000-liter Drug Substance (“DS”) and Drug Product (“DP”) manufacturing capacity has commenced to be
successively certified since 2023.


The Group’s CDMO business provides contract development and manufacturing services of biologics expressed by microbial and
mammalian cells, including mAb, bispecific antibody, neutralization antibody, as well as vaccine. The Group’s technology platforms
provide services for cell and gene therapy products, including plasmid, mRNA nucleic acid drugs and virus vector. The full-process
requirements of biologics are covered from DNA sequence, cell bank and Chemistry Manufacturing and Control (CMC) to DS/
DP production for clinical trials, registration supports and commercial production. The production lines are equipped with reactors
of various scales, with single-unit specifications of stainless steel systems and single-use bioreactors ranging from 10L to 10KL,
which can meet different requirement scenarios from small batch sample testing at the R&D stage to mass commercial production.
The total capacity of the production lines exceeds 200 million doses of formulation, covering the main forms of biologics such as
liquid vials, freeze-dry powder injections and pre-filled injections. The proprietarily developed affinity resin has completed DMF filing
and trademark registration, further leveraging the Group’s scale and cost advantages. The Group’s CDMO lines have received
GMP certifications in Mainland China, Colombia, certain Pharmaceutical Inspection Co-operation Scheme (PIC/S) members, the
EU (in regard to Sirton) and other countries; and have successfully passed all regulatory reviews, including multiple unannounced
inspections, as well as quality audits by domestic and international customers.


The Group believes that it possesses various competitive advantages in the CDMO business, including the technological advantages
associated with engaging in the whole process spanning from R&D to production of biopharmaceutical products over the years;
the scalable cost advantages of a single 10,000 litre bioreactor for commercial production; the production cost advantages brought
by the in-house capability to manufacture raw materials such as culture medium and chromatographic filler; and the quality control
management advantage with high level of automation. In 2023, the Group’s CDMO business revenue amounted to approximately
RMB174 million, with signed orders valuing approximately RMB200 million. The Group’s customers include leading domestic and
international pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies, with services encompassing various steps from pre-clinical
stage to commercialization for drugs.




16      3SBIO INC.
                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




Key Product Candidate

Winlevi®


In December 2023, new drug bridging clinical trial of 1% clascoterone cream (Group R&D code: WS204), a collaboration product
between 3SBio and Cosmo Pharmaceuticals N.V. (“Cosmo”), was approved by the NMPA. In July 2022, 3SBio received from
Cassiopea, a subsidiary of Cosmo, the exclusive right to develop and commercialize Winlevi®, to treat acne, in Greater China.


According to the data of Chinese Guidelines for the Treatment of Acne (2019 revised version), more than 95% of Chinese suffer from
different degrees of acne; 3%—7% of acne patients incur scars on faces, which affects physical and mental health of acne patients.
According to Frost & Sullivan, in 2018, there were over 100 million Chinese patients aged between 10 and 25 with acne vulgaris,
while their drug treatment rate was at a low level, signaling that China’s traditional therapeutic drugs failed to meet the clinical needs
of these patients. The symptoms of acne severely affect the appearance of the patients and burden them psychologically, causing
social, work and life barriers. An effective acne drug is required to help relieve patients from this skin disease.


WS204 (1% Clascoterone) cream is the world’s first marketed topical androgen receptor (“AR”) inhibitor, developed by Cosmo
for patients with acne vulgaris aged 12 and above. Winlevi® has been approved by the U.S. FDA in November 2021. It is the first
acne drug with a new mechanism of action (MOA) approved by the FDA in the past 40 years, which will provide an innovative and
effective treatment for dermatologists and patients. Unlike oral hormones to treat acne, 1% clascoterone cream can be used by
both male and female patients. According to Cosmo’s public disclosure, Winlevi® has become the most prescribed branded topical
acne drug in the U.S. market. As of the end of July 2023, there were more than 15,000 prescribers of Winlevi®, and this drug has
generated more than 670,000 prescriptions in the U.S. market since its launch in November 2021. WS204 is expected to become
the first AR antagonist for treating acne vulgaris in Mainland China, which may provide an innovative treatment option for hundreds
of millions of acne patients, and contribute to better general skin health condition nationally.


This product candidate is in development. For risks associated with drug development, please refer to, under the heading “PRINCIPAL
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES” hereinafter, “If the Group fails to develop and commercialize new pharmaceutical products, its
business prospects could be adversely affected”.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023        17
Management Discussion and Analysis




Research and Development

The Group’s integrated R&D platform covers a broad range of technical expertise in the discovery and development of innovative
large and small molecule products, including antibody discovery, molecular cloning, antibody/protein engineering, gene expression,
cell line construction, manufacturing process development, pilot and large scale manufacturing, quality control and assurance,
design and management of pre-clinical and clinical trials, and regulatory filing and registration. The Group is well experienced in the
R&D of mammalian cell-expressed, bacterial cell-expressed and chemically-synthesized pharmaceuticals.


The Group focuses its R&D efforts on researching and developing innovative biological products as well as in small molecule
therapeutics. Currently, the Group has several leading biological products in various stages of clinical development, including SSS06
(NuPIAO, a second-generation rhEPO to treat anemia), 608 (an anti-IL-17A antibody to treat autoimmune and other inflammatory
diseases), CS1003 (an anti-PD-1 antibody for the first-line treatment of advanced hepatocellular carcinoma), 601A (an anti-
vascular endothelial growth factor (“VEGF”) antibody to treat BRVO and other ophthalmological diseases), 613 (an IL-1ß antibody
to treat acute/intermittent gouty arthritis), RD-01 (a pegylated long-acting rhEPO to treat anemia), 611 (an anti-IL4R α antibody to
treat atopic dermatitis), 610 (an anti-IL-5 antibody to treat severe asthma), SSS07 (an anti-TNF α antibody to treat RA and other
inflammatory diseases), and pegsiticase (a modified pegylated recombinant uricase from candida utilis to treat refractory gout). On
the small molecule side, the Group is conducting clinical trials of HIF-117 capsule (SSS17, a selective small molecule inhibitor to
hypoxia inducible factor (“HIF”) proline hydroxylase) to treat anemia, and bridging clinical trial in Mainland China for clascoterone
cream (Winlevi) in acne indication, and performing bio-equivalency studies of a number of generic small molecule products in the
field of nephrology, autoimmune and dermatological diseases.


On the research front, the Group is engaged in developing innovative biological products, including mAbs, bi-specific antibodies
and fusion proteins, and a number of small molecule drugs, both innovative and generic, in the areas of nephrology, oncology, auto-
immune and inflammatory diseases, ophthalmology and dermatological diseases.


The Group’s R&D team, consisting of more than 600 experienced scientists, is working diligently to research and discover new
medicines, to accelerate the progress of clinical development, and to bring breakthrough therapies to fulfill the unmet medical needs
of patients.




18      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




Product Pipeline


As at 31 December 2023, amongst the 29 product candidates within the Group’s active pipeline, 25 were being developed as
innovative drugs in Mainland China. Out of these product candidates, 15 are antibodies, 7 are other biologic products, and 7 are
small molecule entities. The Group has 13 product candidates in hematology/oncology; 11 product candidates that target auto-
immune diseases including RA and other diseases including refractory gout and ophthalmological diseases such as BRVO; 4
product candidates in nephrology; and 1 product candidate in dermatology.


Notes:


(1)      Each arrow bar in the R&D Pipeline chart below indicates the progress in Mainland China, other than those bearing remarks on U.S. progress.


(2)      BE: Bio-equivalence assessment


(3)      ANDA: abbreviated NDA



R&D Pipeline




The Group has fully utilized its thirty years of experience in the research and development of biopharmaceuticals, and has deployed
a number of early discovery projects in oncology, ophthalmology and autoimmune fields, covering more than 10 innovative targets,
which provide a long-term strategic reserve for the Group’s research and development.




                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   19
Management Discussion and Analysis




Key Product Developments


— New Drug Application and phase III development


Minoxidil foam formulation (MN709): The Group has completed a multi-centered, randomized, and double-blinded phase III study
comparing head-to-head MN709 to ROGAINE® in male patients with hair loss. The study result shows that the efficacy of MN709
is equivalent to that of ROGAINE® and there is similarity between the two in terms of safety and tolerability. As announced on 8
January 2024, an NDA submitted to the NMPA has been approved.


Nalfuraphine hydrochloride (TRK820): As announced on 5 July 2023, the NDA of nalfuraphine hydrochloride orally disintegrating
tablets submitted to the NMPA by the Group has been approved for the improvement of pruritus in hemodialysis patients (only in
cases where the efficacy of existing treatments is not satisfactory). In addition, the phase III clinical trial application for this product
to improve pruritus in patients with CLD (only in cases where the efficacy of existing treatments is not satisfactory) was approved in
May 2023. The Group expects to submit an NDA within 2024.


TPIAO (TPO): As announced on 10 May 2022, a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study on the safety,
efficacy, and pharmacokinetics of rhTPO injection in children or adolescents with chronic primary ITP achieved the pre-defined
primary endpoint. The supplemental NDA for treatment of persistent or chronic primary ITP in children or adolescents has been
approved by the NMPA on 2 April 2024. As announced on 22 May 2023, the first patient was enrolled in the trial of phase III clinical
study of TPIAO in the treatment of patients with CLD related thrombocytopenia who are candidates for invasive surgery. The Group
expects to complete the phase III trial and submit the NDA within 2024.


Pegsiticase (SSS11): The Group collaborated with its business partner Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (STO: SOBI) (“Sobi”) in the
United States, and completed the phase III clinical trial of the combination therapy SEL-212 for chronic refractory gout. SEL-212
contains pegsiticase (also known as pegadricase, a recombinant enzyme that metabolizes uric acid). The Group is conducting a
phase Ib clinical trial for SSS11 in patients with high uric acid level and medical history of gout symptoms in Mainland China.


NuPIAO (EPO, SSS06): The Group completed the phase III clinical trial of SSS06 for the treatment of anemia in chronic renal failure
in January 2024, which demonstrated that the study reached its pre-set primary endpoint. The Group plans to submit an NDA within
2024.


Anti-IL-17A mAb (608): The phase III trial of 608 in patients with plaque psoriasis has reached the primary endpoints, the BLA
(Biologics License Application) filing for this indication is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2024. Meanwhile,
the Group has obtained the IND approvals for the phase II clinical trial of the product for treatment of ankylosing spondylitis and
non-radiographic axial spondylitis in December 2023.




20      3SBIO INC.
                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




Anti-VEGF mAb (601A): The Group completed the patient enrollment in the phase III clinical trial of 601A for BRVO in November
2023.


Anti-IL4R α mAb (611): A dose escalating phase Ia clinical study in healthy volunteers has been completed in the U.S.. The phase
II study of the product in patients with AD in Mainland China produced primary endpoint data in August 2023. The first patient in the
phase III clinical study of the AD indication has been enrolled in January 2024, and the Group plans to complete patient enrollment
in 2024. 611 received IND approval for a phase II clinical trial in children and adolescents AD indication in December 2023. The IND
application for phase II clinical trial of 611 for Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyps (CRSwNP) was approved by the NMPA in
April 2023 to conduct the phase II clinical trial, and the patient enrollment for phase II trial was completed as of December 2023. The
IND application for the phase II clinical trial of 611 for moderate-to-severe COPD was approved by the NMPA in September 2023,
and the first patient has been enrolled in January 2024.


Anti-IL-1ß Ab (613): The phase II clinical trial of 613 for AG arthritis reached the primary endpoint in July 2023 and the first patient
was enrolled in the phase III clinical trial in January 2024. The Group plans to complete the patient enrollment in 2024. The product
also received IND approval for a phase II clinical trial in the intermittent phase of gouty arthritis in January 2024.


Clascoterone (WS204): The IND application for the phase III bridging clinical trial of WS204 for treatment of moderate-to-severe
acne vulgaris was approved by the NMPA in 2023, and the Group plans to conduct the clinical trial in 2024.


— Phase II development


Anti-IL5 mAb (610): 610 for the severe eosinophilic asthma indication completed phase Ib 32-week data un-blinding in the first half
of 2023. The efficacy data was positive. The patient enrollment of phase II clinical trial was completed in July 2023, and the primary
endpoint data of the phase II clinical trial was produced in December 2023.


Inetetamab (302H): The phase II clinical trial of Inetetamab (Cipterbin) for the neoadjuvant treatment of HER2-positive breast cancer
has completed the patient enrollment in October 2023.


HIF-117 (SSS17): The safety and efficacy of phase II clinical trials in non-dialysis patients with chronic renal anemia are being
explored. SSS17 is a selective small molecule inhibitor to hypoxia inducible factor proline hydroxylase (HIF-PH), a molecule which
can improve the stability and half-life period of hypoxia inducible factor (HIF), so as to motivate the secretion of erythropoietin (EPO).
It is expected that SSS17 will have a synergistic effect with the Group’s rhEPO injection drug in the future, providing patients with an
alternative treatment option.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023       21
Management Discussion and Analysis




— Phase I development and new IND applications


Anti-PD-1/VEGF BsAb (707): A dose-escalating phase I clinical trial for the treatment of patients with advanced or metastatic solid
tumors has been completed in Mainland China. Dose expansion and indication expansion are underway, and the Group plans to
conduct phase II studies for monotherapy and combination therapy in several indications, including non-small cell lung cancer in the
first half of 2024. 707 is a PD-1/VEGF targeting bi-specific antibody developed on the Group’s CLF2 BsAb platform, and has been
approved by the FDA for phase I clinical trial in advanced solid tumors in the U.S..


Anti-NGF Ab (SSS40): It is a humanized nerve-growth factor (NGF) mAb. In Mainland China, the clinical trial approval notice was
issued by the NMPA in January 2023. The first patient dose for phase Ia trial was completed in August 2023. The Group expects
the first patient to be enrolled for the phase Ib/IIa clinical trial of SSS40 for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe bone
metastasis cancer pain in the first half of 2024.


Anti-IL-33 mAb (621): The IND approval for COPD in the U.S. has been obtained in July 2023. The IND application for COPD
indication in Mainland China has been approved in October 2023.


Rapamycin Nanoparticle (SSS39): The application for single drug safety clinical trial of SSS39 was accepted by the NMPA Center
for Drug Evaluation in February 2024 and the Group expects that the product will enter the phase I clinical stage in the first half of
2024. Rapamycin nanoparticle is a new type of macrolide immunosuppressant that can be co-administered with biological agents
to induce immune tolerance, thereby reducing the immunogenicity of the biological agents and maintaining their efficacy.


Sales, Marketing and Distribution


The Group’s sales and marketing efforts are characterized by a strong emphasis on academic promotion. The Group aims to
promote and strengthen the Group’s academic recognition and the brand awareness of its products among medical experts. The
Group markets and promotes its key products mainly through its in-house team. The Group sells these products to distributors who
are responsible for delivering products to hospitals and other medical institutions. Mandi is sold through retail pharmacies and online
stores.


As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s extensive sales and distribution network in Mainland China was supported by approximately
2,724 sales and marketing employees, 1,146 distributors and 2,061 third-party promoters. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s
products were sold in nearly 2,900 Grade III hospitals and nearly 7,300 Grade II or lower hospitals and medical institutions across all
provinces, autonomous regions and special municipalities in Mainland China. In addition, TPIAO, Yisaipu, EPIAO, SEPO and some
of the Group’s other products are exported to a number of countries through international promoters. In 2023, the Group’s products
were sold in 25 countries, including Thailand, Brazil, Philippines and Pakistan.




22        3SBIO INC.
                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




Outlook


In January 2023, the NRDL (2022 version) was issued officially by the National Healthcare Security Administration and the Ministry of
Human Resources and Social Security of the PRC. Among the Group’s products, Recombinant Human Thrombopoietin (TPIAO) and
Inetetamab (Cipterbin) successfully re-entered the national medical insurance and made adjustments in part in relevant indications.
In December 2023, the National Healthcare Security Administration and the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security
published the 2023 NRDL, and the Group’s erythropoietin products have been allowed into coverage now for all indications. Under
the new medical insurance policy, the Group continues to ensure the good order of production and quality control, be diligent in its
social responsibilities, and benefit more patients with high-quality and high-standard medicines. In January 2024, The General Office
of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council published the “Implementation
Plan for the Pilot Comprehensive Reform of Pudong New Area of Shanghai (2023-2027)” (《浦東新區綜合改革試點實施方案
（2023—2027年）》), which allows new biopharmaceutical products to be priced with reference to similar international drugs, thus
enhancing the reward prospects of pharmaceutical enterprises’ R&D and innovation. In the same month, the PRC NMPA issued the
Announcement on Optimizing the Marketing Registration Application for Transferring Overseas-produced Drugs Already Marketed
in China to Domestic Production (Draft for Comments)” (《關於優化已在境內上市的境外生產藥品轉移至境內生產的藥品上市註冊
申請相關事宜的公告（徵求意見稿）》), proposing measures such as including the application for marketing registration of foreign
chemical drugs and biopharmaceuticals that are transferred to domestic production in the scope of priority review and approval.
This will bring changes to the market structure of imported drugs and the development of CDMOs.


Looking forward to 2024, the Group will assign importance to the specialization development of the marketing system. The Group
will focus on promoting the marketing of newly launched products such as Yisaipu’s prefilled syringe, Remitch (nalfuraphine
hydrochloride orally disintegrating tablets) and Mandi Foam. With the progress of clinical research and application process, the
Group expects that there will be new drugs of the Group entering the commercialization stage every year from 2024 onwards.
The Group will actively prepare for the market launch of self-developed or collaborative products such as long-acting rhEPO,
eltrombopag suspension, and 608 (recombinant humanized anti-IL-17A mAb). In the meantime, the Group has always maintained
strong confidence in the market potential of domestic hair and skin drugs. The Group will continue to promote the publicity and
education of Mandi series products as a scientifically proven drug for hair loss treatment, command digital marketing, expand in new
media channels, and enhance Mandi’s brand awareness. Leveraging on the Group’s profound biopharmaceutical R&D experience
and production capacity, the Group will continue to empower numerous domestic biotechnology companies, provide cost-effective
CDMO services and accelerate the launch of high-quality new domestic drugs. With a highly localized supply chain, the Group
reduces the “stranglehold” risk imposed by overseas suppliers on the R&D of domestic customers, thereby maximizing the value of
the Group’s businesses and fostering new business growth points.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023        23
Management Discussion and Analysis




For R&D strategy, the Group will continue to focus on the fields of its strength, namely, nephrology, autoimmune diseases, hair and
skin, hematology, and oncology. In particular, the Group will fast-track, and explore multiple indications of the autoimmune diseases
products which the Group has made leading R&D progress in Mainland China. The Group will continually execute its strategy of
exploiting synergies between in-house R&D and outside collaboration, and actively exploring collaboration targets with potentials
to supplement the Company’s existing product portfolio. The Group will conduct comprehensive research and prudent evaluation
in investment and merger and acquisition strategies, and proactively acquire high-quality assets with long-term value. At the same
time, leveraging mature biopharmaceutical R&D, registration, commercial production and sales strength, the Company provides
assistance for the R&D process and future launch of more high-quality cooperative drug products. Driven by the mission to make
innovative bio-pharmaceuticals within reach, the Group aims to accelerate the early launch of more high-quality products to benefit
patients.



FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB7,815.9 million, as compared to approximately
RMB6,865.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of approximately RMB950.2 million, or
approximately 13.8%. The increase was mainly attributable to the strong sales growth of TPIAO and Mandi.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of TPIAO increased to approximately RMB4,204.6 million, as compared to
approximately RMB3,397.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of approximately RMB807.4
million, or approximately 23.8%. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in sales volume. For the Reporting Period, the
sales of TPIAO accounted for approximately 53.8% of the Group’s total revenue.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s combined sales of EPIAO and SEPO decreased to approximately RMB940.3 million, as
compared to approximately RMB1,129.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing a decrease of approximately
RMB189.2 million, or approximately 16.8%. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of EPIAO decreased to approximately
RMB725.3 million, as compared to approximately RMB843.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing a
decrease of approximately RMB117.9 million, or approximately 14.0%. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of SEPO
decreased to approximately RMB215.0 million, as compared to approximately RMB286.2 million for the year ended 31 December
2022, representing a decrease of approximately RMB71.2 million, or approximately 24.9%. For the Reporting Period, the sales of
EPIAO and SEPO accounted for a total of approximately 12.0% of the Group’s total revenue.




24      3SBIO INC.
                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis




For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales from alopecia area were approximately RMB1,142.3 million, as compared to
approximately RMB907.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of approximately RMB234.8
million, or approximately 25.9%. The increase was mainly attributable to the increased market demand for hair loss and growth
treatments, which was driven by the Group’s diversified and effective promotional efforts. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s
sales of Mandi increased to approximately RMB1,124.1 million, as compared to approximately RMB893.7 million for the year ended
31 December 2022, representing an increase of approximately RMB230.4 million, or approximately 25.8%. For the Reporting
Period, the sales from alopecia area accounted for approximately 14.6% of the Group’s total revenue.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of Yisaipu increased to approximately RMB565.3 million, as compared to approximately
RMB511.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of approximately RMB53.7 million, or
approximately 10.5%. The increase was mainly attributable to the increased sales volume. For the Reporting Period, the sales of
Yisaipu accounted for approximately 7.2% of the Group’s total revenue.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from CDMO business increased to approximately RMB174.0 million, as compared to
approximately RMB165.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of approximately RMB8.1 million,
or approximately 4.9%. The increase was mainly attributable to the increased CDMO orders from customers.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s other sales, which primarily consisted of sales from Cipterbin, Sparin (an injectable low-
molecular-weight heparin calcium product indicated for: (1) prophylaxis and treatment of deep vein thrombosis; and (2) prevention
of clotting during hemodialysis), export sales and other products, increased to approximately RMB827.7 million, as compared to
approximately RMB790.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of approximately RMB37.4 million,
or approximately 4.7%. The increase was mainly attributable to the increased sales of Cipterbin, which was partially offset by the
decreased sales of other products. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of Cipterbin increased to approximately RMB226.0
million, as compared to approximately RMB159.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of
approximately RMB66.6 million, or approximately 41.8%.


Cost of Sales


The Group’s cost of sales decreased from approximately RMB1,194.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to
approximately RMB1,174.3 million for the Reporting Period, which accounted for approximately 15.0% of the Group’s total revenue
for the same period. The decrease in the Group’s cost of sales was due to the decreased production cost which was brought
by the improvement of productive technology and the decreased product volumes with lower gross profit, as compared to the
corresponding period in 2022.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023      25
Management Discussion and Analysis




Gross Profit


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s gross profit increased to approximately RMB6,641.6 million, as compared to approximately
RMB5,671.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of approximately RMB970.0 million, or
approximately 17.1%. The increase in the Group’s gross profit was broadly in line with its revenue growth during the year. The
Group’s gross profit margin increased to approximately 85.0% for the year ended 31 December 2023 from approximately 82.6% for
the corresponding period in 2022.


Other Income and Gains


The Group’s other income and gains mainly comprised government grants, interest income, foreign exchange gain, fair value
gain on deemed disposal of investment in associates, fair value gains on financial assets and other miscellaneous income. For
the Reporting Period, the Group’s other income and gains decreased to approximately RMB305.1 million, as compared to
approximately RMB749.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing a decrease of approximately RMB444.8
million, or approximately 59.3%. The decrease was mainly attributable to the decrease in foreign exchange gain and fair value gains
on financial assets in 2023, as compared to 2022.


Selling and Distribution Expenses


The Group’s selling and distribution expenses primarily consisted of marketing and promotion expenses, staff costs, transportation
expenses, consulting fees and other miscellaneous selling and distribution expenses. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s selling
and distribution expenses amounted to approximately RMB3,006.2 million, as compared to approximately RMB2,580.5 million for
the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of approximately RMB425.7 million, or approximately 16.5%. The
increase was broadly in line with its revenue growth during the year. In terms of the percentage of revenue, the Group’s selling and
distribution expenses represented approximately 38.5% for the Reporting Period as compared to approximately 37.6% for the year
ended 31 December 2022.


Administrative Expenses


The Group’s administrative expenses consisted of staff costs, professional fees, depreciation and amortization, property expenses,
share-based compensation, and other miscellaneous administrative expenses. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s administrative
expenses amounted to approximately RMB480.8 million, as compared to approximately RMB393.4 million for the year ended 31
December 2022, representing an increase of approximately RMB87.4 million, or approximately 22.2%. The increase was mainly
attributable to the increased professional fees, staff costs, and property expenses which was brought by the newly commissioned
factories. The administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue was approximately 6.2% for the Reporting Period, as compared
to approximately 5.7% for the corresponding period in 2022.




26     3SBIO INC.
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




R&D Costs


The Group’s R&D costs primarily consisted of staff costs, materials consumption, clinical trials costs, depreciation and amortization,
and other miscellaneous R&D expenses. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s R&D costs amounted to approximately RMB794.8
million, as compared to approximately RMB693.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of
approximately RMB101.0 million, or approximately 14.6%. The increase was mainly due to the speed-up of the Group’s R&D
projects. The R&D costs as a percentage of revenue was approximately 10.2% for the Reporting Period, as compared to
approximately 10.1% for the corresponding period in 2022.


Other Expenses


The Group’s other expenses primarily consisted of donation expenses, provision for impairment of financial assets and impairment
of investment in an associate, the write-off expenses of termination of the exclusive distribution rights in other intangible assets in
relation to Byetta, fair value loss on financial assets, foreign exchange loss, and other miscellaneous expenses. For the Reporting
Period, the Group’s other expenses and losses amounted to approximately RMB444.3 million, as compared to approximately
RMB337.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of approximately RMB107.2 million, or
approximately 31.8%. The increase was mainly attributable to the increase in the fair value losses on financial assets in 2023.


Finance Costs


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s finance costs amounted to approximately RMB212.3 million, as compared to approximately
RMB102.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of approximately RMB109.6 million, or
approximately 106.7%. Excluding the non-cash interest expenses of the Euro (“EUR”)-denominated zero-coupon convertible bonds
in an aggregate principal amount of EUR320,000,000 due 2025 (“2025 Bonds”), the finance costs increased from approximately
RMB48.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to approximately RMB188.4 million for the Reporting Period, representing
an increase of approximately RMB140.3 million, or approximately 291.7%. The increase was mainly due to the increase in interest-
bearing bank borrowings and the unsecured non-listed bonds in an aggregate amount of RMB1,200,000,000 (the “Panda Bonds”)
interest in 2023.


Income Tax Expense


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s income tax expense amounted to approximately RMB392.2 million, as compared to
approximately RMB370.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of approximately RMB21.5 million,
or approximately 5.8%. The effective tax rates for the Reporting Period and the corresponding period in 2022 were approximately
19.8% and 16.3%, respectively. The increase in effective tax rate was mainly due to the increased effect of non-deductible expenses
and increased withholding tax which was brought by domestic and foreign transactions in 2023, as compared to 2022.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023         27
Management Discussion and Analysis




EBITDA and Net Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent

The EBITDA for the Reporting Period decreased by approximately RMB226.0 million or approximately 8.6% to approximately
RMB2,389.1 million, as compared to approximately RMB2,615.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. The EBITDA
adjusted for non-operating items is defined as the EBITDA for the period excluding, as applicable: (a) the interest expenses incurred
in relation to the 2025 Bonds; (b) gain on redemption of 2025 Bonds; (c) the expenses associated with awarded shares granted
in March 2020; (d) the expenses associated with the awarded shares under the employee share ownership plan (the “ESOP”) by
Sunshine Guojian; (e) the write-off expenses of the termination of the exclusive distribution rights in other intangible assets in relation
to Byetta; (f) gain on deemed disposal of investment in an associate; (g) fair value gains or losses on financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss; and (h) non-operating foreign exchange differences. The Group’s EBITDA adjusted for non-operating items for
the Reporting Period increased by approximately RMB464.6 million or approximately 20.2% to approximately RMB2,768.4 million, as
compared to approximately RMB2,303.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.


The net profit attributable to owners of the parent for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB1,549.2 million, as compared
to approximately RMB1,915.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing a decrease of approximately RMB366.5
million, or approximately 19.1%. The net profit attributable to owners of the parent adjusted for non-operating items is defined as
the profit attributable to owners of the parent for the period excluding, as applicable: (a) the interest expenses incurred in relation
to the 2025 Bonds; (b) gain on redemption of 2025 Bonds; (c) the expenses associated with awarded shares granted in March
2020; (d) the expenses associated with the awarded shares under the ESOP by Sunshine Guojian; (e) the write-off expenses of
the termination of the exclusive distribution rights in other intangible assets in relation to Byetta; (f) gain on deemed disposal of
investment in an associate; (g) fair value gains or losses on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss; and (h) non-operating
foreign exchange differences. The Group’s net profit attributable to owners of the parent adjusted for non-operating items for the
Reporting Period was approximately RMB1,952.4 million, as compared to approximately RMB1,659.1 million for the year ended 31
December 2022, representing an increase of approximately RMB293.3 million, or approximately 17.7%.


Earnings Per Share

The basic earnings per share for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB0.64 as compared to approximately RMB0.78 for the
year ended 31 December 2022, representing a decrease of approximately 17.9%.


Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value

As at 31 December 2023, financial assets measured at fair value primarily comprised the investment in treasury or cash
management products issued by certain banks, the investment in listed companies and the investments in private equity funds
which focus on the healthcare industry.


The treasury or cash management products subscribed by the Group for treasury management purposes from time to time
during the Reporting Period included wealth management products offered by various independent commercial banks. For
further information, please refer to the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis — LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL AND
CAPITAL RESOURCES — Significant Investments Held” hereinafter relating to the Group’s subscriptions from certain independent
commercial banks.


28      3SBIO INC.
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The Group’s liquidity remained strong. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s operating activities generated a net cash inflow of
approximately RMB2,082.9 million, as compared to approximately RMB2,134.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022,
representing a decrease of approximately RMB51.4 million or approximately 2.4%. The decrease was mainly attributable to the
increase in other cash payments relating to operating activities. As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents,
non-pledged time deposits and pledged deposits were approximately RMB4,900.3 million.


Net Current Assets


As at 31 December 2023, the Group had net current assets of approximately RMB5,465.1 million, as compared to net current
assets of approximately RMB7,906.6 million as at 31 December 2022. The current ratio of the Group was approximately 2.5 as at
31 December 2023, as compared to approximately 5.3 at 31 December 2022. The decrease in net current assets and current ratio
was mainly due to the higher current liabilities which were brought by the increased interest-bearing bank borrowings in 2023.


Funding and Treasury Policies, Borrowing and Pledge of Assets


The Group’s finance department is responsible for the funding and treasury policies with regard to the overall business operation of
the Group. The Company expects to fund its working capital and other capital requirements from a combination of various sources,
including but not limited to internal financing and external financing at reasonable market rates. The Group continues to seek ways
to improve the return of the equity and assets while maintaining a prudent funding and treasury policy.


As at 31 December 2023, the Group had an aggregate interest-bearing bank borrowing of approximately RMB3,574.3 million, as
compared to approximately RMB2,315.0 million as at 31 December 2022. The increase in bank borrowings primarily reflected the
additional bank loans of approximately RMB1,990.9 million, which was partially offset by repayment of bank loans of approximately
RMB803.2 million in 2023. Among the short-term deposits, none was pledged to secure the aforementioned bank loans as at 31
December 2023.


As at 31 December 2023, the Group had the outstanding Panda Bonds of approximately RMB1,226.0 million. For more information
on the Group’s Panda Bonds, please refer to Note 32 “Bonds payable” to the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the
Reporting Period hereinafter.


Gearing Ratio

The gearing ratio of the Group, which was calculated by dividing the total borrowings, lease liabilities and bonds by the total equity,
decreased slightly to approximately 29.3% as at 31 December 2023 from approximately 29.4% as at 31 December 2022.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023        29
Management Discussion and Analysis




Charge on Assets

As at 31 December 2023, the Group had charge on assets of approximately RMB1,206.4 million (31 December 2022: RMB1,210.5
million). Additionally, Shenyang Sunshine’s 90.34% equity interest in Desen Biologics were pledged as loan security.


Contingent Liabilities

As at 31 December 2023, the Group had no significant contingent liabilities.


Contractual Obligations

The Group’s capital commitment amounted to approximately RMB993.6 million as at 31 December 2023, as compared to
approximately RMB1,320.5 million as at 31 December 2022.


Foreign Exchange and Exchange Rate Risk

The Group mainly operates in Mainland China, with all material aspects of its regular business conducted in RMB other than: (1)
the operations of Sirton; and (2) the Group’s exports, which amounted to approximately RMB94.7 million, or approximately 1.2%
of the Group’s revenue, for the Reporting Period. Except for the operations of Sirton, the Group’s exports, possible international
deal expenditures (such as expenditures related to international licensing and acquisitions), foreign currency denominated bank
deposits, foreign currency bank loans and the Euro-denominated 2025 Bonds, the Group believes that it does not have any other
material direct exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s foreign currency denominated
bank deposits primarily comprised: (1) approximately United States Dollar (“USD”) 102.7 million (equivalent to approximately
RMB727.2 million); (2) approximately Hong Kong Dollar (“HKD”) 89.5 million (equivalent to approximately RMB81.1 million); and (3)
approximately EUR5.4 million (equivalent to approximately RMB42.2 million). The Group expects that the fluctuation of the RMB
exchange rate will not have a material adverse effect on the operations of the Group in the foreseeable future.


Significant Acquisitions and Disposals


During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures.




30     3SBIO INC.
                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




Significant Investments Held


As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not hold any significant investment. As at 31 December 2023, the Group held (i)
equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income of approximately RMB521.7 million; and (ii)
wealth management products of various independent commercial banks as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of
approximately RMB3,302.6 million, none of which such investments in any group of entities or products offered by any group of
commercial banks, in aggregate, represented 5% or more of the total assets of the Group.


Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Assets


The Group estimates that the total capital expenditure of the Group for the next three years will be in the range of RMB1,000 million
to RMB1,200 million. These expected capital expenditures will primarily be incurred for the maintenance of the Group’s existing
facilities and the expansion of the Group’s production capabilities. The Group expects to finance its capital expenditures through a
combination of internally generated funds and bank borrowings.



EMPLOYEES AND EMOLUMENTS POLICY

As at 31 December 2023, the Group employed a total of 5,411 employees, as compared to a total of 5,213 employees as at
31 December 2022. The staff costs, including Directors’ emoluments but excluding any contributions to the pension scheme,
were approximately RMB1,271.5 million for the Reporting Period, as compared to approximately RMB1,254.4 million for the
corresponding period in 2022. The Group generally formulated its employees’ remuneration package to include salary, bonus and
allowance elements. The compensation programs were designed to remunerate the employees based on their performance, which
is measured against specified objective criteria. The Group also provided the employees with welfare benefits in accordance with
applicable regulations and the Group’s internal policies. The Company has adopted a share option scheme and a share award
scheme (“2019 Share Award Scheme”) and other incentive initiatives such as cash awards for the purpose of providing incentives
and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. In addition, Sunshine Guojian has
adopted a restricted share incentive plan in February 2021.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023        31
Management Discussion and Analysis




PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The Group operates in a highly competitive environment, and it may not be able to compete effectively against current and
future competitors.


The Group operates in a highly competitive environment. The Group may not be able to compete effectively against current and
future competitors. The Group’s products compete with other products or treatments for diseases for which the Group’s products
may be indicated. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapid changes in technology, constant
enhancement of industrial know-how and frequent emergence of new products. Many of the Group’s competitors, including foreign
pharmaceutical companies and large state-owned pharmaceutical companies, may have substantially greater clinical, research,
regulatory, manufacturing, marketing, financial and human resources than the Group has.


If the Group’s products are excluded or removed from the national medical insurance catalogue, the Group’s sales,
profitability and business prospects could be adversely affected.


As at the date of this annual report, of the Group’s key products, TPIAO, EPIAO and SEPO, Yisaipu and Cipterbin, as well as certain
other products including Sparin and Qiming Keli, are listed on the NRDL.


The selection of pharmaceutical products for listing in the national medical insurance catalogue is based on a variety of factors,
including clinical needs, use frequency, efficacy and price, many of which are outside of the Group’s control. Moreover, the relevant
PRC government authorities may also, from time to time, review and revise the scope of reimbursement for the products that are
already listed in the national medical insurance catalogue. There can be no assurance that any of the Group’s products currently
listed in the national medical insurance catalogue will remain listed, or that changes in the scope of reimbursement will not negatively
affect the Group’s products. If any of the Group’s products are removed from the national medical insurance catalogue, or if the
scope of reimbursement is reduced, demand for the Group’s products may decrease and the Group’s revenue and profitability
could be adversely affected. Furthermore, if the Group is unable to list new products in the national medical insurance catalogue, or
add new indications to the Group’s currently listed products, the Group’s business prospects could be adversely affected.




32     3SBIO INC.
                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




If the Group is unable to win bids to sell the Group’s products to PRC hospitals in the provincial tendering process, it may
lose market share and the Group’s revenue and profitability could be adversely affected.


In each province where the Group markets its products, it is required to participate in a government-sponsored competitive bidding
process every year or every few years. During the provincial tendering process, the Group and its competitors submit pricing and
other product information to local government agencies for selection, which usually is based on the bid price, clinical effectiveness
and quality of each product and the reputation of the bidder. For each product category, the local government agencies will permit a
limited number of products for sale in the relevant province or local district.


The Group may fail to win bids in a provincial tendering process due to various factors, including reduced demand for the relevant
product, uncompetitive bidding price or local protectionism. The Group may also win bids at low prices that will limit the Group’s
profit margins. There can be no assurance that the Group’s bids will enable it to win in the tendering process and maintain the
Group’s market share without compromising the Group’s profitability. In addition, the Group may lose in the tendering process due
to the relevant product being perceived to be less clinically effective than competing products or the Group’s services or other aspects
of the Group’s operations being perceived to be less competitive.


Under the current centralized government procurement regime, the prices of the Group’s products that may participate in
the centralized procurement may drop significantly, or the procurement quantities of such products may be reduced by
medical institutions. If such adverse events materialize, the sales revenue and profits of these products may decline.


Pursuant to the current centralized procurement government policies, more provinces in the PRC are likely to conduct drug price
negotiations aggressively. It is expected that compared with the original drug prices, the bidding prices would decline substantially in
centralized procurement. In many provinces, the prices of the Group’s products in centralized procurement may drop significantly,
or the procurement quantities of such products may be reduced by medical institutions. If such adverse events materialize, the
sales revenue and profits of these products may decline, and the Group’s revenue, profitability and business prospects could be
adversely affected.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023         33
Management Discussion and Analysis




If the Group fails to develop and commercialize new pharmaceutical products, its business prospects could be adversely
affected.


The Group’s long-term competitiveness depends on its ability to enhance its existing products and to develop and commercialize
new biotechnology and other pharmaceutical products through its research and development activities. The development process
of pharmaceutical products in general, and biopharmaceuticals in particular, is time-consuming and costly, and there can be no
assurance that the Group’s research and development activities will enable it to successfully develop new pharmaceutical products.
Since relatively few research and development programs in the pharmaceutical industry produce a commercially viable product, a
product candidate that appears promising in the early phases of development may fail to reach the market for a number of reasons,
such as:


•     the failure to demonstrate safety and efficacy in preclinical and clinical trials;


•     the failure to obtain approvals for its intended indications from relevant regulatory bodies, such as the NMPA;


•     the Group’s inability to manufacture and commercialize sufficient quantities of the product economically; and


•     proprietary rights, such as patent rights, held by others related to the Group’s product candidate and their refusal to sell or
      license such rights to the Group on reasonable terms, or at all.


New pharmaceutical products must be approved by the NMPA before they can be marketed and sold in Mainland China. The
NMPA requires successful completion of clinical trials and demonstration of manufacturing capability before granting approval.
Clinical trials are expensive and their results are uncertain. It often takes multiple years before a medicine can be ultimately
approved by the NMPA. In addition, the NMPA and other regulatory authorities may apply new standards for safety, manufacturing,
packaging, and distribution of future product candidates. Complying with such standards may be time-consuming and expensive
and could result in delays in obtaining NMPA approval for the Group’s product candidates, or possibly preclude the Group from
obtaining NMPA approval. Furthermore, the Group’s future products may not be effective or may prove to have undesirable or
unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude the Group from obtaining regulatory approval or prevent
or limit their commercial use. Even if the Group does obtain regulatory approvals, the process may take longer than expected
or desired. Additionally, such approvals may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the Group may market the
relevant product, therefore restricting its market size.


The Group has formed collaborative relationships with certain research institutes and companies to benefit from their expertise and
resources in developing new and competitive products. However, there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to maintain
such relationship or enter into new relationships. Any deterioration in the Group’s existing relationships or failure to enter into new
relationships with suitable research partners on commercially acceptable terms may have an adverse impact on the Group’s ability
to successfully develop new products, which in turn could adversely affect the Group’s business, its results of operations and
growth prospects.




34      3SBIO INC.
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




If the Group’s employees, distributors or third-party promoters engage in corrupt practices or inappropriate promotion
of the Group’s products, the Group’s reputation could be harmed and the Group could be exposed to regulatory
investigations, costs and liabilities.


The Group does not fully control the interactions between its employees, distributors and third-party promoters with hospitals,
medical institutions and doctors, and they may try to increase sales volumes of the Group’s products through means that constitute
violations of the PRC anti-corruption, anti-bribery and other related laws. If the Group’s employees, distributors or third-party
promoters engage in corruption or other improper conduct that results in violation of applicable anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws in
the PRC or other jurisdictions, the Group’s reputation could be harmed and the Group could be exposed to regulatory investigations
and penalties, including being excluded from procurement by public hospitals and other public medical institutions in the PRC.


The Group may pursue collaborations, licensing arrangements, partnerships, joint ventures, strategic alliances,
acquisitions, or other strategic investments or arrangements, which may fail to produce anticipated benefits and may
adversely affect the Group’s business.


The Group continually pursues opportunities for acquisitions of products, assets or technologies, collaboration, licensing, joint
ventures, strategic alliances, or partnerships that the Group believes would be complementary to or promote its existing business.
Proposing, negotiating, implementing and executing on these opportunities may be a lengthy and complex process. Other
companies, including those with substantially greater financial, marketing, sales, technology, or other business resources, may
compete with the Group for these opportunities or arrangements. The Group may not be able to identify or complete any such
transactions or arrangements in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, on acceptable terms, or at all.


The Group has limited experience with respect to these business development activities. Management and integration of acquisition,
licensing arrangement, collaboration, joint venture or other strategic arrangement may disrupt the Group’s current operations,
decrease the Group’s profitability, result in significant expenses, or divert management resources that otherwise would be available
for the Group’s existing business. The Group may not realize the anticipated benefits of any such transaction or arrangement.


Furthermore, partners, collaborators or other parties to such transactions or arrangements may fail to fully perform their obligations
or meet the Group’s expectations or cooperate with the Group satisfactorily for various reasons, including risks or issues related to
their business and operations. There may be conflicts or other collaboration failures and inefficiencies between the Group and other
parties.


Such transactions or arrangements may also require actions, consents, approvals, waivers, participation or involvement of various
degrees from third parties, such as regulators, government authorities, creditors, licensors or licensees, related individuals, suppliers,
distributors, shareholders or other stakeholders or interested parties. The Group may not obtain the required or desired actions,
consent, approval, waiver, participation or involvement on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023        35
Directors and Senior Management


DIRECTORS

Executive Directors

Dr. LOU Jing, aged 61, was appointed as a Director on 5 September 2006 and was re-designated as an executive Director on 27
November 2014. He was appointed as the chairman of the Board on 1 April 2012. Dr. Lou is also the chief executive officer and
president of the Company. He is responsible for the strategic development and planning, overall operational management and major
decision making of the Group. He is a co-founder of the Group and joined Shenyang Sunshine as a director of R&D in September
1995.


Dr. Lou also holds the following positions with other members of the Group:


1)      director and chairman of the board of Collected Mind Limited (集思有限公司, “Collected Mind”);


2)      director of Hongkong Sansheng;


3)      director of Excel Partner Holdings Limited (特隆控股有限公司, “Excel Partner”);


4)      director of Ample Harvest Investments Limited (溢豐投資有限公司, “Ample Harvest”);


5)      director, chief executive officer and president of Shenyang Sunshine and chairman of the board of Shenyang Sunshine;


6)      director and general manager of Liaoning Sunshine Bio-Pharmaceutical Company Limited (遼寧三生醫藥有限公司, “Liaoning
        Sunshine”);


7)      director and chairman of the board of Taizhou Huan Sheng Consulting Management Company Limited (泰州環晟諮詢管理有
        限公司, “Taizhou Huan Sheng”);


8)      executive director of Shenzhen Baishitong Technology Development Company Limited (深圳市百士通科技開發有限公司,
        “Shenzhen Baishitong”);


9)      chairman of the board of Shenzhen Sciprogen Bio-pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Sciprogen”);


10)     chairman of the board of Guangdong Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (廣東三生製藥有限公司, “Guangdong Sunshine”);


11)     director and chairman of the board of Desen Biologics;


12)     director of Gains Prestige Limited (澤威有限公司, “Gains Prestige”);


13)     director of Strategic International Group Limited (“Strategic International”);



36       3SBIO INC.
                                                                        Directors and Senior Management




14)   director and chairman of the board of Sunshine Guojian;


15)   director and chairman of the board of Shanghai Xingsheng Pharmaceutical Company Limited (“Xing Sheng”);


16)   executive director of Shanghai An Ran Biotech Co. Ltd.;


17)   executive director of Sunshine Guojian Pharmaceuticals (Suzhou) Co. Ltd.;


18)   director of Full Gain Pharmaceutical Limited;


19)   director of Shanghai National Engineering Research Center of Antibody Medicine Co. Ltd.;


20)   chairman of the board of Xinyisheng (Hainan) Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd.; and


21)   director of 3SBio (Hongkong) Limited.


Dr. Lou has been highly active in pharmaceutical research and has made substantial contribution to the Group’s R&D of
pharmaceutical products. Dr. Lou was the leading scientist and principal investigator in the Group’s successful development of
EPIAO and TPIAO. He co-invented a “preparation process for recombinant human thrombopoietin” and a “method for improving
the stability of polypeptides in human bodies and its application” in 2000 and 2001, respectively. He has published in a number
of academic journals on microbiology and medicinal biotechnology. His research has been recognized with various awards. In
2006, he was awarded the “First Prize of Shenyang Science and Technology Progress Award” (瀋陽市科學技術進步一等獎) for
his research on recombinant human thrombopoietin. In 2007, he was awarded the “Third Prize of Liaoning Province Scientific and
Technological Achievements” (遼寧省科技成果轉化三等獎) for his contribution to the industrialization of production of recombinant
human thrombopoietin. In 2017, he was awarded “Liaoning Province Outstanding Entrepreneur” and “Friendship Award of Liaoning
Province”. In 2022, he received the 15th “Tan Jia Zhen Life Sciences Award.” Dr. Lou obtained a Bachelor of Medicine degree
in clinical medicine from Shanghai Second Military Medical University in July 1985. He conducted post-doctoral research at the
National Institutes of Health of the U.S. after obtaining a Ph.D. degree in molecular and cell biology from Fordham University in the
U.S. in February 1994. He also obtained an Executive Master of Business Administration from China Europe International Business
School (中歐國際工商學院) in September 2008.


Ms. SU Dongmei, aged 54, was appointed as a Director on 11 June 2012 and was re-designated as an executive Director on
27 November 2014. Ms. Su is also the Company’s senior vice president and the general manager of Shenyang Sunshine. She is
responsible for strategic direction of the Group. Ms. Su joined Shenyang Sunshine as a scientist of the R&D department in January
1993, and served as a director of the R&D department from 1997 to 2006. She subsequently served as the chief technology officer
responsible for R&D and manufacturing process engineering of Shenyang Sunshine from 2006 to 2008. Ms. Su was promoted
to vice president of Shenyang Sunshine in April 2008. Ms. Su served as a director of Shenyang Sunshine from August 2007 to
June 2013, and was re-appointed on 18 July 2016. She also served as a director of Hongkong Sansheng from November 2009 to
November 2014.



                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023        37
Directors and Senior Management




Ms. Su also holds the following positions with other members of the Group:


(i)      senior vice president of Shenyang Sunshine;


(ii)     supervisor of Liaoning Sunshine;


(iii)    director of Sciprogen;


(iv)     director of Guangdong Sunshine;


(v)      director of Strategic International;


(vi)     executive director of Shenyang Jiasheng Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd. (瀋陽嘉生農業科技有限責任公司);


(vii)    director of Sunshine Guojian;


(viii)   executive director of Shanghai Bo Ai Ke Biotech Co. Ltd.; and


(ix)     trustee of Shanghai Sunshine Guojian Biotech Research Institute.


Ms. Su obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Biochemistry from Jilin University (吉林大學) in July 1992 and a Master’s and a Doctorate
degree in Microbiology and Pharmacology from Shenyang Pharmaceutical University (瀋陽藥科大學) in June 2001 and July 2010,
respectively. She has published in a number of academic journals on microbiology and medicinal biotechnology.


Non-executive Directors


Mr. HUANG Bin, aged 63, was first appointed as a Director on 5 September 2006 and ceased to be a Director on 29 May 2013.
Mr. Huang was re-appointed as an executive Director on 27 November 2014, and was re-designated as a non – executive Director
on 20 June 2019. Mr. Huang joined Shenyang Sunshine in 1993 as a manager of the human resources department.


Mr. Huang also holds the following positions (in a non-executive capacity) with other members of the Group:


(i)      director and vice president of Shenyang Sunshine; and


(ii)     director and general manager of Taizhou Huan Sheng.




38        3SBIO INC.
                                                                       Directors and Senior Management




Mr. Huang received a diploma in Engineering from Northeast University (東北大學) in July 1987. He attended a one-year training
program in business management in Tsinghua University (清華大學) from April 2000 to April 2001.


Independent Non-executive Directors


Mr. PU Tianruo, aged 56, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 23 May 2015, with such appointment
taking effect on 1 June 2015. Previously, he served as an independent Director and the audit committee chair of the Company from
1 September 2012 to 29 May 2013.


Mr. Pu has substantial experience in accounting and finance. He serves as an independent non-executive director of several
companies, including Autohome Inc. (NYSE: ATHM; HKEx stock code: 2518) since December 2016, One Connect Financial
Technology (NYSE: OCFT; HKEx stock code: 6638) since December 2019, and AnPac Bio-Medical Science Co., Ltd. (Nasdaq:
ANPC) since October 2022. Mr. Pu was previously an independent non-executive director of the following public companies: Renren
Inc. (NYSE: RENN), Kaixin Auto (NASDAQ: KXIN), Luckin Coffee (previously NASDAQ: LK). He was previously the chief financial
officer of Zhaopin Ltd. (previously NYSE: ZPIN). Mr. Pu obtained a Bachelor’s degree in English Language from China Foreign Affairs
University (外交學院) in July 1991, a Master of Science degree in Accounting from the University of Illinois, College of Business
Administration in May 1996 and an MBA degree from Northwestern University Kellogg School of Management in the U.S. in June
2000.


Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi (楊凱蒂), aged 54, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 29 June 2021. Ms. Yang
has been the Global Managing Director, Asian and World Art at Christie’s Hong Kong Limited since January 2021 and had served as
a member of the Listing Committee of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKEx”) from July 2019 to July 2021. Prior
to joining Christie’s Hong Kong Limited, Ms. Yang had over 28 years of experience in the financial sector and had held the positions
of Managing Director and Head of Corporate Advisory Group, Asia Pacific at Deutsche Bank Asia Limited, Managing Director and
Head of Corporate Finance Group at UBS Investment Bank Asia, and Analyst, Associate and Vice President at Morgan Stanley Asia
Limited. Ms. Yang holds a Bachelor of Arts degree majoring in economics from Columbia University, New York.


Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry (黃祖耀), aged 59, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 21 January 2022. He
has substantial experience in corporate planning, business expansion and development as well as cross-border management,
particular in the investment management business in the Asian region. Mr. Ng has been an independent non-executive director of
AIA Company (Trustee) Limited, a subsidiary of AIA Group Limited (HKEx stock code: 1299), since August 2021, for its pension fund
business in Hong Kong. He had served as the Chief Executive Officer, Asia ex Japan of Baring Asset Management (Asia) Limited
(“Baring Asset Management”) up to December 2019, having been appointed as Managing Director of Baring Asset Management
in December 2004. During his time at Baring Asset Management, Mr. Ng managed and had oversight of different offices in the
Asian region including those in Shanghai, Hong Kong, Taipei and Seoul, and was responsible for the business management of a
substantial book of business in retail mutual funds and institutional client assets. Mr. Ng has also had ample and broad range of
experience working with key sovereign wealth funds, large institutions and regulators in the region. Prior to joining Baring Asset
Management, Mr. Ng was employed by JF Asset Management Limited (now JP Morgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited)
from May 1992 to November 2004. During this period, he held various positions including Head of Asian Institutional Clients and
Finance Director (JF Unit Trusts), and had focused on sales, business development and client servicing in the Asian region. Mr. Ng

                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023        39
Directors and Senior Management




had also worked at Price Waterhouse (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) in both London and Hong Kong from September 1986 to
April 1992 with his last role serving as an Audit Manager in the Hong Kong office.


Mr. Ng is a Senior Fellow of the Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute and has also previously held many respectable and
prestigious positions in different professional and regulatory bodies, including formerly being a Member of the Securities and Futures
Appeals Tribunal, the Chairman and Executive Committee Member of Hong Kong Investment Funds Association, a Panel Member
of the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Appeal Board, and a Member of Hong Kong Trade Development Council Financial
Services Advisory Committee.


Mr. Ng holds a Bachelor of Science degree (with first class honours) majoring in civil engineering from Imperial College, London. He is
also a Chartered Accountant (England and Wales) and Certified Public Accountant (Hong Kong).


Dr. ZHANG Dan (張丹博士), aged 61, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 30 December 2022. He has
extensive experience in the field of medicine and pharmaceuticals, and has held numerous respectable and prestigious positions
in the industry. Dr. Zhang served as the first Chairman of the board of directors (Greater China region) and the Vice-President of
a U.S. company, Quintiles Transnational Corp.. Dr. Zhang had experience working at Sigma Tauresearch Inc., a U.S. company,
during which he was in charge of the clinical development and safety evaluations of drugs in respect of the market in North America.
In 2007, Dr. Zhang co-founded ClinChoice Inc. (昆翎醫藥) (formerly known as FMD China (方恩醫藥)), a clinical contract research
organization (CRO) dedicated to the development of innovative medicines. He was the Chairman and CEO of this company from
2007 to 2019, and has been the Chief Strategy Officer and a director of this company since 2020. He has also served as (i) the
Chief Scientist at Shenzhen Grandbaybio Development Consulting Co. Limited (深圳興灣生物醫藥發展顧問有限公司) since 2020; (ii)
the co-chairman of the board of directors of Hong Ji Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited (弘際生物科技（北京）有限責任公司) since
2021; and (iii) the co-chairman of the board of directors of Jiangsu Hillgene Medical Co. Limited (江蘇譜新生物醫藥有限公司) since
2022.


Dr. Zhang served as a consultant and a visiting professor at Peking Union Medical College and Harbin Medical University,
respectively. Dr. Zhang has been a member of China Pharmaceutical Innovation and Research Development Association (PhIRDA)
(中國醫藥創新促進會) from 2020 to 2022. He currently also serves as the head of the ICH E19 IFPMA expert committee and a ICH
working group expert in the NMPA.


Dr. Zhang completed his pre-medical training at the Department of Biology at Peking University in 1984. He then studied Medicine
at Peking Union Medical College from 1981 to 1989, and was subsequently awarded with a Doctor of Medicine by the State
Council of the PRC government. He further obtained a Master of Public Health degree from Harvard University in 1990 and a Master
of Science in Health Care Management degree in 1995 from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He was also
elected as a foreign member of the Russian Academy of Engineering in 2020.




40      3SBIO INC.
                                                                     Directors and Senior Management




SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The senior management of the Company comprises the executive Directors and the following persons:


Mr. HE Xiang (何翔), aged 40, has served as the chief financial officer of the Company since July 2023. Previously he worked at
Citigroup and J.P. Morgan investment banking in their Beijing, Shanghai, New York and Hong Kong offices for 15 years. During
his tenure at J.P. Morgan, he held different roles including the Head of Corporate Finance and the Head of Financial Institutions
for China. Mr. He graduated from the Guanghua School of Management of Peking University with a Master’s degree in Finance in
2008.


Ms. LIU Yanli (劉彥麗), aged 43, is the vice general manager and secretary to the board of directors of Sunshine Guojian since
June 2019, and she has also been a director since September 2022. She had been the joint company secretary of the Company
from April 2016 to October 2019, and was responsible for overseeing capital market, corporate governance, legal and public
relation matters of the Group. Ms. Liu has served as a director of Hongkong Sansheng since November 2014. Ms. Liu first joined
Shenyang Sunshine in January 2007. Ms. Liu obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Biochemistry and a Master’s degree in Chemistry
with Entrepreneurship from the University of Nottingham in July 2004 and December 2006, respectively.


Mr. XU Yong (徐勇), aged 59, has served as the general manager and a director of Sciprogen since 2015. He is also a director
of Guangdong Sunshine and Gains Prestige. From March 2006 to December 2012, he served as a deputy general manager of
Liaoning Nuokang Pharmaceutical Limited (遼寧諾康醫藥股份有限公司). Before that, Mr. Xu served as the deputy general manager
of Beijing Zhongguan Venture Science and Technology Co., Ltd. (北京中關創業科技發展有限公司) from January 2002 to March
2006. From June 1995 to December 2001, he worked first as a deputy director and then as a director in the second general
department of Hebei Provincial Government General Office (河北省政府辦公廳綜合二處). Mr. Xu obtained a Bachelor’s degree in
Precision Machinery from Zhejiang University (浙江大學) in August 1988.


Mr. JIN Zheng (靳征), aged 43, has served as the general manager of Shenyang Sunshine since 2021. He served as an executive
deputy general manager and R&D director of Shenyang Sunshine from August 2019 to November 2021. Before that, he served as
a project manager of Shenyang Sunshine from March 2010 to March 2013, as a R&D manager of Shenyang Sunshine from March
2013 to March 2015, and as the R&D director of Shenyang Sunshine from March 2015 to July 2019. Mr. Jin obtained a Bachelor’s
degree in Biological Engineering from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in July 2004. He obtained a Master’s degree in Applied
Biotechnology in September 2005, and a Doctorate degree in Pharmacy in July 2010, both from the University of Nottingham in the
U.K..


Mr. YU An (于桉), aged 41, has served as the general manager and an executive director of Sunshine Mandi since 2021. He is also
the general Manager and an executive director of Hangzhou Mandi Pharmacy Co., LTD and Hangzhou Mandi Hua Fa Clinic Co.,
LTD. He served as the sales director of the northern region of Sunshine Guojian from August 2017 to June 2020. Prior to that, he
worked at several foreign pharmaceutical companies, including Pfizer, Bayer, Roche and Janssen from July 2007 to July 2017. Mr.
Yu obtained a Master’s degree in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from Northwest University in July 2007.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023        41
Report of Directors

The Directors are pleased to present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the
Reporting Period.



CORPORATE INFORMATION

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 9 August 2006 as an exempted company with limited liability under the
laws of the Cayman Islands. The Company’s ordinary shares, par value of USD0.00001 each (the “Shares”) were listed on the Main
Board of the HKEx on 11 June 2015 (the “Listing Date”).



PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding and the Group is principally engaged in the development, production,
marketing and sale of biopharmaceutical products in the PRC. Analysis of the principal activities of the Group during the Reporting
Period is set out in the note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.



RESULTS

The results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on page 91 of this annual
report.



FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board resolved to declare a final dividend of HKD25 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: HKD10
cents) to those shareholders whose names appeared on the register of members of the Company on Friday, 26 July 2024,
which will be paid out of the Company’s share premium account. Subject to the approval of shareholders of the Company at the
forthcoming annual general meeting (“AGM”), the final dividend will be paid in cash on or around Monday, 5 August 2024.



BUSINESS REVIEW

A review of the business of the Group, a discussion on the Group’s prospects and the principal risks and uncertainties and an
analysis of the Group’s performance during the Reporting Period using financial key performance indicators are provided in the
section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 9 to 35. In addition, discussions on the Group’s relationships with
its key stakeholders and compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group are located
respectively in the paragraph headed “Relationship with Stakeholders” and the paragraph headed “Compliance with Laws and
Regulations” on pages 60 to 61 of this annual report.




42        3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                 Report of Directors




FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the Group’s results, assets and liabilities for the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial
statements and reclassified as appropriate, are set out on page 5 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the
audited consolidated financial statements.



MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

Major Customers


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales to its five largest customers accounted for approximately 14.5% (2022: 15.1%) of the
Group’s total revenue and the Group’s single largest customer accounted for approximately 3.9% (2022: 3.6%) of the Group’s total
revenue.


Major Suppliers


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 39.7% (2022: 39.6%) of the Group’s
total purchases and the Group’s single largest supplier accounted for approximately 12.3% (2022: 11.9%) of the Group’s total
purchases.


During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or their close associates or the shareholders of the Company (which, to the best
knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any interest in the Group’s five
largest customers and suppliers.



PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Company and the Group during the Reporting Period are set out
in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.



SHARE CAPITAL

Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in note 34 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023        43
Report of Directors




PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association (the “Articles of Association”) and
there are no statutory pre-emptive rights under the laws of the Cayman Islands, being the jurisdiction in which the Company was
incorporated, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.



EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

2015 Share Option Scheme


Details of the share option scheme adopted by the Company in 2015 are set out in the section headed “POST-IPO SHARE OPTION
SCHEME” in this Report of Directors.


2019 Share Award Scheme


Details of the share award scheme adopted by the Company in 2019 are set out in the section headed “SHARE AWARD SCHEME”
in this Report of Directors.


Except as disclosed above and in note 36 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, the Company had not
entered into any equity-linked agreements in 2023, nor did there subsist any equity-linked agreement entered into by the Company as
at 31 December 2023.



RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the Reporting Period are set out on pages 95 to 96 in
the consolidated statement of changes in equity in this annual report.



DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

As at 31 December 2023, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the provisions of the
Companies Laws of Cayman Islands, amounted to approximately RMB3,382.4 million (as at 31 December 2022: RMB3,624.9
million).




44          3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                 Report of Directors




BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Company and the Group as at 31 December 2023 are set out in note 30 to
the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.



DIRECTORS
The Directors of the Company during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report are:


Executive Directors:


Dr. LOU Jing (appointed on 5 September 2006) (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. SU Dongmei (appointed on 11 June 2012)


Non-executive Director:


Mr. HUANG Bin (appointed on 27 November 2014, and re-designated from executive
Director on 20 June 2019)


Independent Non-executive Directors:


Mr. PU Tianruo (appointment effective on 1 June 2015)
Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi (appointed on 29 June 2021)
Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry (appointed on 21 January 2022)
Dr. ZHANG Dan (appointed on 30 December 2022)




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023   45
Report of Directors




In accordance with article 84(1) of the Articles of Association, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or if their number is not a
multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) will retire from office by rotation and will be eligible for re-election
and re-appointment at every AGM, provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three
years.


In accordance with article 83(3) of the Articles of Association, any Director appointed by the Board either to fill a casual vacancy
or as an addition to the Board will hold office until the first general meeting or the next following AGM of the Company after his/her
appointment.


Details of the Directors to be re-elected or any Director candidates to be elected, as applicable, at the AGM will be set out in the
circular to the shareholders of the Company prior to its upcoming AGM.



DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Company are set out on pages 36 to 41 of this annual report.



CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Rules Governing
the Listing of Securities on the HKEx (the “HKEx Listing Rules”). The Company considers all of the independent non-executive
Directors to be independent in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the HKEx Listing Rules.



DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Dr. LOU Jing, one of the executive Directors, has entered into a service contract with the Company for an initial term of three
years commencing from the date of his appointment and continue for a period of three years after or until the third AGM of the
Company since the Listing Date (whichever is earlier), which shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of three years
until terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the service contract or by either party giving to the other prior notice
in writing. Ms. SU Dongmei, the other executive Director, has entered into a service contract with the Company for an extended
term of three years commencing from the date of the AGM of the Company in the year 2021 (“2021 AGM”) until the date of the
upcoming AGM of the Company from the date hereof, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of
the service contract.




46       3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                     Report of Directors




Mr. HUANG Bin, the non-executive Director, entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term commencing from 20
June 2019 until the date of the AGM of the Company in the year 2022 (“2022 AGM”), which has been automatically renewed for a
further three years, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the appointment letter.


Mr. PU Tianruo, one of the independent non-executive Directors, entered into an appointment letter with the Company on 23
May 2015. The appointment under the aforementioned letter had been renewed and extended until the date of the 2022 AGM of
the Company, which has been automatically renewed for a further three years, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with
the terms and conditions of the appointment letter. Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi, one of the independent non-executive Directors,
has entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term of three years commencing from the date of the 2021 AGM,
which shall then be automatically renewed for a further three years, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms
and conditions of the appointment letter. Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry, one of the independent non-executive Directors, entered into
a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of one year commencing from 21 January 2022, which was extended until
20 January 2025, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the appointment letter. Dr. ZHANG
Dan, the other independent non-executive Director, entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of one year
commencing from 30 December 2022, which was extended until the date of the AGM of the Company in the year 2024 (“2024
AGM”), unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the appointment letter.


Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has a service contract which is not determinable by the Group within one year
without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


The Directors’ service contracts and appointment letters may be renewed from time to time, and their terms of appointment are
subject to re-election and retirement as and when required by the Articles of Association.



DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Other than those transactions disclosed in note 42 to the consolidated financial statements and in the section “Connected
Transactions” below, no Director had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements and contracts
of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party
during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023         47
Report of Directors




CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS

Save as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the year had the Company or any of its subsidiaries entered into any
contract of significance with the controlling shareholder (as defined in the HKEx Listing Rules) or any of its subsidiaries, nor had
any contract of significance been entered into for the services provided by the controlling shareholder of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries to the Company or any of its subsidiaries.



MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company
were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.



EMOLUMENT POLICY

A remuneration committee was set up for reviewing the Group’s emolument policy and structure for all remuneration of the Directors
and senior management of the Group, having regard to the Group’s operating results, individual performance of the Directors and
senior management and comparable market practices.


Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals for the Reporting Period are set out in notes 8 and 9 to
the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.



RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SCHEME
Details of the retirement and employee benefits scheme of the Company are set out in note 10 and note 33 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report.



CHANGE TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS

Save as disclosed in the section headed “DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT” in this annual report, there was no change to
any of the information required to be disclosed in relation to any Director pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of Rule 13.51(2) of
the HKEx Listing Rules for the Reporting Period.




48      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                     Report of Directors




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executives of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”) which had been notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8
of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions
of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified
to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the HKEx Listing Rules were as follows:


(i)   Interests in the Company


                                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                        Number of          percentage of all
       Name                        Position                 Nature of Interest                         Shares held         Shares in Issue(1)


       LOU Jing(2) (婁競)            Executive Director       Beneficial owner                               491,553(L)                 0.02%
                                                            Beneficiary of a trust                      51,156,895(L)                 2.10%
                                                                                                                     (L)
                                                            Other                                     476,774,553                    19.55%
                                                                                                                     (L)
                                                                                                 Total: 528,423,001                  21.67%


       SU Dongmei(3) (蘇冬梅)         Executive Director       Interest in controlled corporation          24,384,630(L)                 1.00%
                                                                                                                     (L)
                                                            Beneficial owner                               440,000                    0.02%
                                                                                                                     (L)
                                                                                                 Total: 24,824,630                    1.02%


       HUANG Bin(4) (黃斌)           Non-executive Director   Interest in controlled corporation          32,197,350(L)                 1.32%




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023               49
Report of Directors




       Notes:


       (L):     denotes long position


       (1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 2,438,920,412 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2023.


       (2)      Dr. LOU Jing was granted 440,000 share options by the Company, representing 440,000 Shares upon full exercise. Dr. LOU Jing was a beneficiary
                under two unnamed trusts which were interested in 41,746,000 Shares and 9,410,895 Shares respectively. Further, Dr. LOU Jing was an enforcer and a
                beneficiary of an unnamed discretionary trust which was interested in 476,774,553 Shares. Therefore, Dr. LOU Jing was deemed to be interested in all such
                Shares as discussed in the foregoing.


       (3)      Ms. SU Dongmei directly holds the entire issued share capital of Joint Palace Group Limited (“JPG”) and therefore, was deemed to be interested in the same
                number of the Shares in which JPG was interested (i.e. 24,384,630 Shares); and, Ms. SU Dongmei was granted 440,000 share options by the Company,
                representing 440,000 Shares upon full exercise.


       (4)      Mr. HUANG Bin directly holds the entire issued share capital of Known Virtue International Limited (“KVI”) and therefore, was deemed to be interested in the
                same number of the Shares in which KVI was interested (i.e. 32,197,350 Shares).



(ii)   Interests in Associated Corporations


                                                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                                                                          Percentage of
                                                                                                                                                            Outstanding
                                                                                                                                                       Share Capital of
                                                                Associated                                                        Number of              the Associated
         Name                            Position               Corporation               Nature of Interest                       Securities             Corporation(1)


         LOU Jing (婁競)                   Executive Director     Sunshine Guojian          Interest in controlled                  25,160,657(L)(1)                 4.54%(1)
                                                                                            corporation


         SU Dongmei (蘇冬梅)                Executive Director     Sunshine Guojian          Others(2)                                   200,000(L)(2)                0.04%(2)


       Notes:


       (L):     denotes long position.


       (1)      The shares were allotted by Sunshine Guojian to Achieve Well International Limited, a company wholly-owned by Dr. LOU Jing, under the ESOP of Sunshine
                Guojian, for purposes of holding the awarded shares granted to Dr. LOU Jing. Upon completion of the offering of Sunshine Guojian on the Shanghai Stock
                Exchange on 22 July 2020 (“Guojian Offering”), the approximate percentage of Dr. LOU Jing’s interest in the share capital of Sunshine Guojian was diluted
                to 4.08%. The change did not trigger a disclosure obligation under the SFO and therefore the information shown in the table as of 31 December 2022
                reflects Dr. LOU Jing’s interests position as required to be disclosed under the SFO.


       (2)      An ultimate beneficial owner of an interest in a fund (the “Fund”) that is used for holding shares awarded under the ESOP of Sunshine Guojian, which directly
                holds the awarded shares for the ultimate benefit of Ms. SU Dongmei, being one of the grantees of the awarded shares that have been allotted to the Fund
                by Sunshine Guojian. Upon completion of the Guojian Offering, the approximate percentage of Ms. SU Dongmei’s interest in the share capital of Sunshine
                Guojian was diluted from 0.036% to 0.032%. The change did not trigger a disclosure obligation under the SFO and therefore the information shown in the
                table as of 31 December 2022 reflects Ms. SU Dongmei’s interests position as required to be disclosed under the SFO.




50       3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                   Report of Directors




Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, none of the Directors or the chief executives of the Company had or was
deemed to have any interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that was required to be notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant
to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have taken
under such provisions of the SFO), or required to be recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as
otherwise notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to the Model Code.



DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Other than disclosed under the heading “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares
and Debentures”, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company or any of its subsidiaries or holding company or any
subsidiary of the Company’s holding company a party to any arrangement that would enable the Directors to acquire benefits by
means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none of the Directors or any of
their spouses or children under the age of 18 were granted any right to subscribe for the equity or debt securities of the Company
or any other body corporate or had exercised any such right.



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

Save as disclosed below, there was no purchase, sale and redemption of any listed securities of the Company by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.


Redemption and Delisting of 2025 Bonds

Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 2025 Bonds, the holder(s) of the 2025 Bonds have the right to require Strategic
International Group Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as the issuer (the “Issuer”), to redeem all or some of
the 2025 Bonds of such holder on 29 June 2023. Certain holders exercised such right in respect of EUR287,600,000 in aggregate
principal amount of the 2025 Bonds (the “Put Bonds”). The redemption of the Put Bonds was completed, and all payments had
been made to the exercising holders on 29 June 2023 pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 2025 Bonds. The redeemed
Put Bonds had been cancelled. The remaining outstanding 2025 Bonds amounted to a principal amount of EUR1,400,000 (the
“Remaining Bonds”).


On 26 July 2023, the Issuer served a notice to exercise its right to redeem the Remaining Bonds on 28 August 2023 pursuant to the
terms and conditions of the 2025 Bonds. On 29 August 2023, all 2025 Bonds had been fully redeemed and no 2025 Bonds were
outstanding. The 2025 Bonds were delisted from the HKEx on 5 September 2023.


For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 29 June 2023, 17 July 2023, 26 July 2023, and 29 August 2023.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023        51
Report of Directors




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 31 December 2023, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executives
of the Company), had interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register of
interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                                          Number of             percentage of all
  Name of shareholder                                       Nature of Interest                                          Shares held             Shares in Issue(1)


  Decade Sunshine Limited (“DSL”)(2)                        Beneficial owner                                            476,774,553(L)                       19.55%
                                              (2)                                                                                         (L)
  Century Sunshine Limited (“CSL”)                          Interest in a controlled corporation                        476,774,553                          19.55%
  XING Lily(3)                                              Interest in a controlled corporation(2)                     476,774,553(L)                       19.55%
                                                                                   (3)                                                    (L)
                                                            Interest of spouse                                            51,648,448                         2.12%
                                                                                                                                          (L)
                                                                                                                 Total: 528,423,001                          21.67%


  Lambda International Limited(2)                           Interest in a controlled corporation                        476,774,553(L)                       19.55%
                           (4)                                                                                                            (L)
  TMF (Cayman) Ltd.                                         Trustee                                                     577,085,928                          23.66%
                                                                                                                                          (L)
  BlackRock, Inc.                                           Interest in a controlled corporation                        148,713,069                          6.10%


Notes:


(L):     denotes long position


(1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 2,438,920,412 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2023.


(2)      DSL was wholly-owned by CSL and therefore CSL was deemed to be interested in 476,774,553 Shares held by DSL; further, 42.52% and 35.65% of CSL were
         respectively controlled by Ms. XING Lily and Lambda International Limited, who were therefore deemed to be interested in such 476,774,553 Shares.


(3)      Ms. XING Lily’s spouse is Dr. LOU Jing.


(4)      TMF (Cayman) Ltd. was the trustee with respect to four unnamed trusts, which respectively were interested in 476,774,553, 51,156,895, 16,486,000, and
         32,668,480 Shares, as disclosed under the SFO, and therefore TMF (Cayman) Ltd. was deemed to be interested in all such Shares.



Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, the Directors and the chief executives of the Company were not aware of any
other person (other than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the shares or
underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the
SFO.




52        3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                   Report of Directors




POST-IPO SHARE OPTION SCHEME

Pursuant to a written resolution passed by the then sole shareholder of the Company on 23 May 2015, the Company adopted a
share option scheme pursuant to Chapter 17 of the HKEx Listing Rules (the “3SBio Option Scheme”). The details of the 3SBio
Option Scheme were disclosed in the Company’s prospectus dated 1 June 2015 in the section headed “Statutory and General
Information — 5. Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” in Appendix IV. Under the 3SBio Option Scheme, the Company was authorised
to issue up to 242,439,857 ordinary shares of the Company (subject to possible adjustments), which represented approximately
9.94% of the issued Shares as at the date of this report. The total number of options available for grant under the scheme mandate
of the 3SBio Option Scheme as at 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023 were 225,903,857 and 225,953,857, respectively. The
purpose of the 3SBio Option Scheme is to provide selected participants with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in
the Company and to encourage selected participants to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and its Shares for the
benefit of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


Eligible participants include any Directors and employees of any member of the Group (including nominees and/or trustees of any
employee benefit trusts established for them) and any advisors, consultants, distributors, contractors, customers, suppliers, agents,
business partners, joint venture business partners, service providers of any member of the Group who the Board considers, in its
sole discretion, have contributed or will contribute to the Group).


Unless approved by the shareholders of the Company in accordance with the terms of the 3SBio Option Scheme, the total number
of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted and to be granted under the 3SBio Option Scheme and
any other share option scheme(s) of the Company to each selected participant (including both exercised and outstanding options)
in any 12 month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue. An option may be exercised in accordance with
the terms of the 3SBio Option Scheme at any time during a period to be determined and notified by the Directors to each grantee,
which period may commence on a day after the date upon which the offer for the grant of options is made but shall end in any event
not later than 10 years from the date of grant of the option subject to the provisions for early termination under the 3SBio Option
Scheme. A nominal consideration of RMB1.00 is payable upon acceptance of the grant of an option. For details, please refer to
Appendix IV to the Company’s prospectus dated 1 June 2015.


The 3SBio Option Scheme will continue to be in effect for a term of ten years unless terminated sooner, and has a remaining term of
approximately 1 year as at the date of this report. On 28 June 2016, the Company amended the 3SBio Option Scheme to include
nominees and/or trustees of employee benefit trusts set up for the employees of the members of the Group as participants eligible
to participate in the 3SBio Option Scheme.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023        53
Report of Directors




The following outstanding share options were granted to the following Directors under the 3SBio Option Scheme as of 31 December
2023:

                                                             NUMBER OF SHARE OPTIONS

                                                                                                                                                                                                                THE WEIGHTED
                                                                                                                                                                                                    PRICE            AVERAGE
                                                                                                                                                                                                    OF THE   CLOSING PRICE OF
                                                                                                                                                                                               COMPANY’S      THE COMPANY’S
                                                                                                                                                                                             LISTED SHARES     LISTED SHARES
                                                                                                                                                                                 EXERCISE     IMMEDIATELY        IMMEDIATELY
                                                                                                                                                                                    PRICE      BEFORE THE         BEFORE THE
                                                                              FORFEITED/                                                   DATE OF             EXERCISE          OF SHARE      GRANT DATE           EXERCISE
                               AS AT         GRANTED         EXERCISED        CANCELLED            LAPSED             AS AT                 GRANT                 PERIOD          OPTIONS      OF OPTIONS              DATES
     NAME OF               1 JANUARY           DURING           DURING           DURING            DURING        31 December          OF SHARE                 OF SHARE          (HKD PER         (HKD PER          (HKD PER
     DIRECTOR                   2023        THE PERIOD       THE PERIOD       THE PERIOD        THE PERIOD              2023           OPTIONS                  OPTIONS            SHARE)          SHARE)             SHARE)


     Dr. LOU Jing             440,000                0                –                0                 0           440,000      2 February 2017           From 2 August             7.62            7.37               8.39
                                                                                                                                                                   2018 to
                                                                                                                                                           2 February 2027**


     Ms. SU Dongmei*          440,000                –                –                0                 0           440,000      2 February 2017           From 2 August             7.62            7.37               8.39
                                                                                                                                                                   2018 to
                                                                                                                                                           2 February 2027**



*             The outstanding share options were held by The Empire Trust, a trust established by the Company for beneficiaries who are employees of the Company and its
              subsidiaries and affiliates, and any other persons as nominated from time to time by the advisory committee of The Empire Trust that is established with the authority
              of the Board.


**            Share options granted are subject to vesting conditions with vesting periods ended 2 August 2018, 2 February 2020 and 2 August 2021, respectively.



The following outstanding share options were granted to employee participants# of the Group (apart from Directors) as of 31
December 2023:

                                               NUMBER OF SHARE OPTIONS

                                                                                                                                                                                                                THE WEIGHTED
                                                                                                                                                                                                    PRICE            AVERAGE
                                                                                                                                                                                                    OF THE   CLOSING PRICE OF
                                                                                                                                                                                               COMPANY’S      THE COMPANY’S
                                                                                                                                                                                             LISTED SHARES     LISTED SHARES
                                                                                                                                                                               EXERCISE       IMMEDIATELY        IMMEDIATELY
                                                                                                                                                                                  PRICE        BEFORE THE         BEFORE THE
                                                                 FORFEITED/                                                     DATE OF                  EXERCISE              OF SHARE        GRANT DATE           EXERCISE
               AS AT          GRANTED           EXERCISED        CANCELLED             LAPSED                AS AT               GRANT                      PERIOD             OPTIONS         OF OPTIONS              DATES
          1 JANUARY             DURING             DURING            DURING            DURING         31 December              OF SHARE                  OF SHARE              (HKD PER           (HKD PER          (HKD PER
                    2023    THE PERIOD         THE PERIOD        THE PERIOD        THE PERIOD                 2023             OPTIONS                    OPTIONS                SHARE)            SHARE)             SHARE)


           15,656,000*                  –           50,000                0                 0           15,606,000       2 February 2017              From 2 August                7.62               7.37               8.39
                                                                                                                                                             2018 to
                                                                                                                                                     2 February 2027**




54                  3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                                               Report of Directors




*     The outstanding share options were held by The Empire Trust, a trust established by the Company for beneficiaries who are employees of the Company and its
      subsidiaries and affiliates, and any other persons as nominated from time to time by the advisory committee of The Empire Trust that is established with the authority
      of the Board.


**    Share options granted are subject to vesting conditions with vesting periods ended 2 August 2018, 2 February 2020 and 2 August 2021, respectively.


#
      Employee participants include employees of any member of the Group (apart from Directors).



All of the above grants were made prior to the amendment to Chapter 17 of the HKEx Listing Rules and none of the grants of
options to any participant is in excess of the 1% individual limit.


Please refer to Note 36 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report for the accounting policy adopted for share
options.



SHARE AWARD SCHEME

The Company adopted the 2019 Share Award Scheme to recognise the contributions by selected participants and to motivate
and give incentives thereto in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group; to attract suitable
personnel for further development of the Group; and to provide selected participants with a direct economic interest in attaining a
long-term relationship between the Group and the selected participants.


The 2019 Share Award Scheme was initially adopted by the Board on 16 July 2019 (the “Adoption Date”), with subsequent
amendments thereafter. To provide more flexibility to the Company to operate an effective and efficient incentive plan with reference
to market practices and for the purpose of the Trust’s Acquisition as further elaborated in the section headed “CONNECTED
TRANSACTIONS — Connected transaction in relation to the Trust’s Acquisition and the Share Buy-back” of the Company’s 2022
annual report, the Board has resolved to amend the terms of the 2019 Share Award Scheme on 12 December 2021 to allow the
purchase or subscription of the Shares purchased or subscribed by the trustee appointed in relation to the 2019 Share Award
Scheme and reserved for award(s) as may be granted in future to selected participants. On the same date, the Company entered
into a trust deed with Tricor Trust (Hong Kong) Limited and appointed Tricor Trust (Hong Kong) Limited as trustee (the “Trustee”)
to assist with the administration of the 2019 Share Award Scheme pursuant to the 2019 Share Award Scheme. Save for the
aforementioned and other incidental changes, no other substantive changes have been made to the 2019 Share Award Scheme
and all other terms of the 2019 Share Award Scheme remain effective.


The 2019 Share Award Scheme allows Shares to be awarded to any director and employee of any member of the Group (including
nominee and/or trustee of any employee benefit trust established for them) and any advisor, consultant, distributor, contractor,
customer, supplier, agent, business partner, joint venture business partner, service provider of any member of the Group who the
Board considers, in its sole discretion, has contributed or will contribute to the Group. The Board has the power, at its absolute
discretion and based on such factors and circumstances as it considers relevant and appropriate, to determine the terms and
conditions in respect of each award, including but not limited to the vesting date and other vesting conditions, which shall be set out
in the award letter to be issued by the Company to the relevant selected participant.




                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023                55
Report of Directors




Under the 2019 Share Award Scheme, (i) as at 1 January 2023 there were 40,357,688 existing Shares and a maximum of
487,769,082 new Shares available for grant under the general mandate granted by the shareholders at the AGM held on 22 June
2022, which represented approximately 1.65% and 20.00% of the total issued Shares as at the date of this report; and (ii) as at
31 December 2023 there were 40,357,688 existing Shares and a maximum of 487,784,082 new Shares available for grant under
the general mandate granted by the shareholders at the AGM held on 20 June 2023, which represented approximately 1.65% and
20.00% of the total issued Shares as at the date of this report.


Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the terms of the 2019 Share Award Scheme, or
unless the Board by resolutions, resolve otherwise, the 2019 Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of ten
years commencing on the Adoption Date, and has a remaining term of approximately 5 years as at the date of this report.


Further details of the 2019 Share Award Scheme are set out in Note 36 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report.


As at 31 December 2023, details of the awarded shares granted under the 2019 Share Award Scheme of the Company were as
follows:


                                                                          NUMBER OF AWARDED SHARES

                                                                                                                                                     CLOSING
                                                                                                                                                        PRICE
                                                                                                                                                  IMMEDIATELY
                                                                                                                                                      BEFORE
                                                                                                                                                  THE DATE OF
 SHARE                                    NUMBER OF         AS AT    AWARDED         VESTED          LAPSED        AS AT                               AWARD
 AWARDS          DATE OF                   AWARDED      1 JANUARY      DURING        DURING          DURING   31 December       VESTING              (HKD PER
 HOLDERS         AWARD                      SHARES           2023   THE PERIOD   THE PERIOD    THE PERIOD            2023        PERIOD                SHARE)


 Employee        16 July 2019(1)            9,885,448          —            —            —               —             —    March 2020 to                13.88
                                                                                                                                            (3)
                                                                                                                              March 2023
                                    (2)
                 7 September 2020          10,000,000          —            —            —               —             —              NA(4)               8.98


 Total                                     19,885,448          —            —            —               —             —




56          3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                                              Report of Directors




Notes:


(1)      On 16 July 2019, the Board resolved to grant a maximum of 10,000,000 awarded Shares to 37 independent employees of the Group, pursuant to the terms of the
         2019 Share Award Scheme, in order to recognize the contributions of the independent employees to the Group. For details, please refer to the announcement of the
         Company dated 17 July 2019 and Note 22 to the interim condensed consolidated financial information in this report.


(2)      On 7 September 2020, the Board resolved to conditionally grant 10,000,000 new awarded Shares to Dr. ZHU Zhenping of which 5,000,000 awarded Shares and
         2,250,000 awarded Shares have so far been issued and allotted to Dr. ZHU Zhenping on 14 April 2021 and 8 March 2022, respectively. For details, please refer to
         the announcement of the Company dated 8 September 2020 and the circular of the Company dated 16 October 2020.


(3)      These awarded Shares are subject to vesting conditions involving financial targets and vesting periods.


(4)      These awarded Shares are not subject to any vesting condition or vesting period.


(5)      All of the above grants were made prior to the amendments to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules taking effect.




2025 BONDS

As announced on 29 June 2020, Strategic International completed the issuance, to institutional investors, of the 2025 Bonds, which
was guaranteed by the Company.


The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Bonds (after deduction of commissions and other related expenses) were
approximately EUR316,800,000. Such net proceeds were used to pay for the repurchase and the redemption of certain previously
issued and outstanding convertible bonds.


For more information regarding the issuance of the 2025 Bonds, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 17 June
2020, 18 June 2020 and 29 June 2020.


On 29 August 2023, all 2025 Bonds had been fully redeemed and no 2025 Bonds were outstanding. With respect to the
redemption and delisting of the 2025 Bonds, please refer to the section headed “PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED
SECURITIES — Redemption and Delisting of 2025 Bonds” herein above for more details.




                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023               57
Report of Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Connected transaction in relation to the Facility Agreement with Medical Recovery


On 17 July 2018, Strategic International, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a facility agreement (the
“Facility Agreement”) with Medical Recovery Limited (“Medical Recovery”), one of the controlling shareholders of the Company.
Pursuant to the Facility Agreement, Strategic International agreed to provide a loan (the “Loan”) to Medical Recovery in the principal
amount of USD30,000,000 with an interest rate of 4% per annum. In connection with the Facility Agreement, a debenture was
also made between Medical Recovery as chargor and Strategic International as chargee, pursuant to which all assets of Medical
Recovery were charged to Strategic International. The Facility Agreement was subject to a final maturity date (the “Maturity
Date”) of 12 months after the date of the Facility Agreement or an extended date as agreed by Strategic International and Medical
Recovery. As announced on 17 July 2023, Strategic International and Medical Recovery agreed to further extend the Maturity Date
to 17 July 2026 (the “Latest Extension”).


As at 17 July 2023, being the date on which the Company announced the Latest Extension, Medical Recovery directly held
approximately 1.39% of the then issued share capital of the Company, and was an associate of connected persons of the
Company for purposes of the Listing Rules as it is controlled by Dr. LOU Jing, Ms. SU Dongmei and Mr. HUANG Bin, directors of
the Company. Therefore, the Loan and its subsequent extensions including the Latest Extension constituted connected transactions
of the Company under Chapter 14A of the HKEx Listing Rules. As the highest applicable percentage ratio in respect of the Facility
Agreement and the subsequent extensions of the Loan including the Latest Extension in aggregate pursuant to Rule 14A.81 of
the HKEx Listing Rules was more than 0.1% but less than 5%, the Latest Extension and the transaction contemplated thereunder
were subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but were exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval
requirements under the Listing Rules.


The purpose of the Loan is for Medical Recovery to purchase the issued ordinary shares of the Company for employee retention
and incentives purposes. The Company considered it an effective and efficient way to motivate and incentivize its employees,
which is beneficial to the sustainable development of the Group. Additionally, the Board considered that the Group had surplus
cash resources and the entering into of the Facility Agreement can put such resources to more efficient use and to generate better
returns.


For further details of the Facility Agreement and the subsequent extensions of the Loan including the Latest Extension, please refer
to the announcements of the Company dated 17 July 2018, 17 July 2019, 17 July 2020, 18 July 2021 and 17 July 2023.




58         3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                     Report of Directors




Note 42 to the Consolidated Financial Statements


In respect of the Company’s related party transactions disclosed in note 42 to the consolidated financial statements prepared
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, to the extent that they constitute connected transactions of the
Company for the purpose of the Listing Rules that apply to them, the Company confirms that it has complied with the relevant
requirements under the HKEx Listing Rules (if applicable).


Save as disclosed above, the related party transactions of the Company set out in note 42 to the consolidated financial statements
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards do not constitute connected transactions of the Company
under the HKEx Listing Rules.



DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

Save as disclosed in this annual report, as at 31 December 2023, none of the Directors or their respective associates had engaged
in or had any interest in any business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the
Group.



DONATIONS

The Group supports various medical charity projects. The donation made by the Group for the Reporting Period was approximately
RMB21.6 million. Please refer to Section 7.2 “Enhancing Accessibility to Medicines and Medical Services” in the Company’s “2023
Environmental, Social and Governance Report” (“ESG Report”) as released on the same date as this annual report.



SIGNIFICANT LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

For the Reporting Period, the Company was not engaged in any litigation or arbitration of material importance and no litigation or
claim of material importance is known to the Directors to be pending or threatened against the Company.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023         59
Report of Directors




ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

The Group is subject to national and local environmental laws and regulations of the PRC. The Group has established detailed
internal rules regarding environmental protection. The Group tests effluent water to ensure compliance with national emission
standards. Solid waste is sorted for proper disposal. Hazardous waste is sent to qualified third parties for treatment. When a new
construction project is proposed, the Group conducts comprehensive analysis and testing on the environmental issues involved in
the manufacturing processes. The Group’s production team and in-house legal department are primarily responsible for ensuring
compliance with applicable environmental rules and regulations. All of the Group’s properties, plants and equipment meet the
standards required for compliance with applicable environmental rules and regulations, and the Group believes it has maintained a
good relationship with the communities surrounding the Group’s production facilities.


To the best knowledge of the Group, during the Reporting Period, there were no material breaches of national and local
environmental laws and regulations of the PRC.


The ESG Report of the Group, which is published on the same date as this annual report, respectively on the websites of the HKEx
(www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.3sbio.com) under the section “Investor Relations”.



RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS

The Group recognizes that various stakeholders including employees, medical experts, distributors, suppliers and other business
associates are key to Group’s success. The Group strives to achieve corporate sustainability through engaging, collaborating, and
cultivating strong relationship with them.


The Group believes that it is vital to attract, recruit and retain quality employees. To maintain the quality, knowledge and skill levels
of Group’s workforce, the Group provides the employees with periodic training, including introductory training for new employees,
technical training, professional and management training, and health and safety training. The Group believes that it maintains a good
relationship with its employees and the Group did not experience any significant labour disputes or any difficulty in recruiting staff for
its operations.




60      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                     Report of Directors




The Group conducts academic marketing activities to establish and maintain relationships with key opinion leaders in the national
medical system, as well as the department heads and senior physicians in Group’s target hospitals, particularly Grade III hospitals.
The Group provides these experts with detailed information on its products and helps them make independent comparisons among
competing products in the market. The Group also maintains long-term cooperative relationships with national academic associations,
such as the Chinese Society of Nephrology (中華腎臟病學會) and the Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (中國臨床腫瘤學會). The
Group believes that its relationships with medical experts help to raise Group’s profile, enhance awareness of Group’s products in
the medical community and among patients, and provide it with valuable clinical data to improve Group’s products, all of which help
the Group more effectively market and sell its products.


A significant amount of Group’s sales is attributable to a limited number of distributors. The Group selects the distributors based on
their qualifications, reputation, market coverage and sales experience. The Group generally has long term business relationship with
its large distributors.


The Group values long-term technological cooperation with suppliers and has entered into long-term supply agreements with key
suppliers, so as to secure the production stability of the Group. The Group strictly manages the quality of supplier products and
comprehensively manages the social and environmental risks associated with suppliers through measures such as diversified
management, daily monitoring and communication, training, green procurement, and assessment and auditing.



COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The Group recognises the importance of compliance with laws and regulatory requirements. The Group has been allocating
corporate and staff resources to ensure ongoing compliance with rules and regulations, including retaining external counsels and
advisors. During the Reporting Period, the Group has complied, to the best of its knowledge, with all relevant rules and regulations
that have a significant impact on it.


To the best knowledge of the Group, during the Reporting Period, there were no material breaches of the Group’s internal rules
or PRC laws and regulations relating to the promotion and distribution of the Group’s pharmaceutical products by its employees,
distributors, sub-distributors or third-party promoters.



PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

The Articles of Association provides that every Director of the Company shall be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets
and profits of the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they or any of them
may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in the execution of their duty, or supposed duty, and in their respective offices or
trusts provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty.


The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage in respect of potential legal actions against its Directors and senior
management.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023      61
Report of Directors




POST BALANCE SHEET EVENTS

For material post-balance sheet events concerning the Group, please refer to note 47 to the consolidated financial statements.



AUDIT COMMITTEE
The audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) has, together with the management and external auditor of the
Company (the “Auditor”), reviewed the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group and the consolidated financial
statements for the Reporting Period. The Audit Committee has also reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal
control systems of the Company and considers them to be effective and adequate.



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance practices. Information on the corporate
governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 64 to 82 of this annual
report.



CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF SHAREHOLDERS

The AGM is scheduled to be held on Tuesday, 25 June 2024. For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM,
the register of shareholders of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 20 June 2024 to Tuesday, 25 June 2024, both days
inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and vote
at the AGM, all transfer of shares of the Company, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the
Company’s Hong Kong share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712—1716, 17th Floor,
Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 19 June
2024.


For determining the entitlement to the final dividend, the register of shareholders of the Company will be closed from Wednesday, 24
July 2024 to Friday, 26 July 2024, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered.
In order to be entitled to the final dividend, all transfer of shares of the Company, accompanied by the relevant share certificates,
must be lodged with the Company’s Hong Kong share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops
1712—1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m.
on Tuesday, 23 July 2024.




62        3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                     Report of Directors




TAX RELIEF

The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to the shareholders by reason of their holding of the shares of the
Company.



SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information publicly available to the Company and to the best knowledge of the Directors, at least 25% of the Company’s
total issued shares, the prescribed minimum percentage of public float approved by the HKEx and permitted under the HKEx Listing
Rules, was held by the public at all times during the Reporting Period and as of the date of this annual report.



AUDITOR

Ernst & Young was appointed as the Auditor for the Reporting Period.


Ernst & Young shall retire at the forthcoming AGM and, being eligible, will offer itself for re-appointment. A resolution for the re-
appointment of Ernst & Young as the Auditor will be proposed at the AGM.


On behalf of the Board


Dr. LOU Jing
Chairman


Hong Kong SAR
PRC
20 March 2024




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023      63
Corporate Governance Report

The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report of the Company for the Reporting Period.



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of the shareholders and
to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as
set out in Appendix C1 to the HKEx Listing Rules as its own code of corporate governance.


Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions under the CG Code
throughout the Reporting Period. The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure
compliance with the CG Code.


The Company is committed to ensuring that its affairs are conducted in accordance with high ethical standards. This reflects its
belief that, in the achievement of its long-term objectives, it is crucial to act with probity, transparency and accountability. By so
acting, the Company believes that shareholder value will be maximised in the long term and that patients, its employees, those with
whom it does business and the communities in which it operates will all benefit.


Corporate governance is the process by which the Board instructs management of the Group to conduct its affairs with a view to
ensuring that its objectives are met. The Board is committed to maintaining and developing robust corporate governance practices
that are intended to ensure:


–     the delivery of high-quality products to patients and health workers;


–     satisfactory and sustainable returns to shareholders;


–     that the interests of those who deal with the Company are safeguarded;


–     that overall business risk is understood and managed appropriately; and


–     that high standards of ethics are maintained.




64     3SBIO INC.
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




THE BOARD

Responsibilities


The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, oversees the Group’s strategic decisions and monitors business
and performance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for day-to-day management and operation of the
Group to the senior management of the Group. To oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs, the Board has established
three Board committees including the Audit Committee, the remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”) and the
nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) (together, the “Board Committees”). The Board has delegated to the Board
Committees responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference.


The Board has established purpose, values, and strategy of the Company, and has satisfied itself that these objectives and the
Company’s culture are aligned. All Directors have acted with integrity, led by example, and promoted the desired culture of the
Company. The Company’s culture instills, and continually reinforces across the Company, the importance of values of acting
lawfully, ethically, and responsibly.


For the basis on which the Company generates or preserves value over the longer term and the strategy for delivering its
objectives, please refer to “Long Term Corporate Performance and Strategy” section hereinafter. Please also refer to “CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT” and “MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS” herein above. The Group will continuously review and adjust, if
necessary, its business strategies and keep track of the changing market conditions to ensure prompt and proactive measures will
be taken to respond to the changes and meet the market needs to foster the sustainability of its business.


All Directors have carried out duties in good faith and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and have acted in the
interests of the Company and the shareholders at all times.


The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance in respect of legal action against the Directors. The insurance coverage
will be reviewed on an annual basis.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023     65
Corporate Governance Report




Board Composition


As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises two executive Directors, one non-executive Director and four independent
non-executive Directors as follows:


Executive Directors:
Dr. LOU Jing (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. SU Dongmei


Non-executive Director:
Mr. HUANG Bin


Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. PU Tianruo
Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi
Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry
Dr. ZHANG Dan


The biographies of the Directors are set out under the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report.


During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, the Board has at all times met the requirements under Rules 3.10(1)
and 3.10(2) of the HKEx Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors with at
least one independent non-executive Director possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
management expertise.


The Company has also complied with Rule 3.10A of the HKEx Listing Rules relating to the appointment of independent non-
executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board.


The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees increasing diversity at the Board level as
an essential element in maintaining the Company’s competitive advantage. Therefore, the Company has adopted a Board diversity
policy to set out the approach to diversity on the Board. As provided in the Board diversity policy, the Nomination Committee will
review annually the structure, size and composition of the Board and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes
to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy. In relation to reviewing and assessing the Board composition,
the Nomination Committee will consider a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge, and industry and regional experience. The Nomination Committee will
discuss, and where necessary, agree on the measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board and recommend them to the
Board for adoption. The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the Board that are relevant to
the Company’s business growth. The Nomination Committee will review the Board diversity policy as appropriate and recommend
revisions, if any, to the Board for consideration and approval. The Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of the
Board diversity policy on an annual basis.

66      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




As each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the HKEx Listing
Rules, the Company considers all of them to be independent.


None of the Directors has any personal relationship (including financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationship)
with any other Director and chief executive.


All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business experience,
knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. Independent non-executive Directors are
invited to serve on the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.


As regards the CG Code provision requiring Directors to disclose the number and nature of offices held in public companies or
organisations and other significant commitments as well as the identity of the public companies or organisations and the time
involved to the issuer, Directors have agreed to disclose their commitments and any subsequent change to the Company in a timely
manner.


Independent Views


The Board has a majority of independent non-executive Directors, four out of a total of seven Directors. In assessing whether a
potential candidate is qualified to become an independent non-executive director of the Company, the Nomination Committee
and the Board will consider, among others, whether the candidate is able to devote sufficient time to perform his/her duties as
an independent non-executive Director, and the background and qualification of the candidate, in order to assess whether such
candidate is able to bring independent views to the Board.


The Company will ensure that there are channels (in addition to independent non-executive Directors) where independent views are
available, including but not limited to the availability of access by the Directors to external independent professional advice to assist
with their performance of duties.


The Board reviews the implementation and effectiveness of the above mechanism(s) on an annual basis.


Gender Diversity


Ms. SU Dongmei was appointed as a Director in June 2012 and was re-designated as an executive Director in November 2014.
Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in June 2021. As of June 2021, the female
representation in the Board has been increased to near 30%. Ms. YANG has also served as the Chairlady of the Remuneration
Committee since January 2022. The Board believes its efforts and achievement in regard to gender diversity on the Board are
satisfactory. The Board will monitor its gender diversity at Board membership changes, with regard to the need for successor
planning measures.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023         67
Corporate Governance Report




For the past three years, the female employees represented 51.44%, 52.68%, and 52.52% respectively in the Group’s workforce.
For further details regarding gender diversity and the relevant policy of the Group, please refer to the Section 4.1 “Employees’
Rights, Interests and Welfare” and Section 8.1 “Performance Data” in the ESG Report.


The Group will continue to build a diverse and friendly culture and work environment to promote gender balance and gender equity.


Induction and Continuous Professional Development


Each newly appointed Director is provided with necessary induction and information to ensure that he/she has a proper
understanding of the Company’s operations and businesses as well as his/her responsibilities under relevant statues, laws, rules
and regulations. The Directors are also provided with regular updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects to
enable the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties.


Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.
The company secretary of the Company has from time to time updated and provided written training materials relating to the roles,
functions and duties of a Director.


A summary of training received by the Directors throughout the Reporting Period is as follows:


                                                                                                                      Nature of
                                                                                                     Continuous Professional
 Name of Directors                                                                                 Development Programmes


 Executive Directors
 Dr. LOU Jing                                                                                                           A and B
 Ms. SU Dongmei                                                                                                               B


 Non-executive Director
 Mr. HUANG Bin                                                                                                                B


 Independent Non-Executive Directors
 Mr. PU Tianruo                                                                                                               B
 Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi                                                                                                       B
 Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry                                                                                                       B
 Dr. ZHANG Dan                                                                                                          B and D




68      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                       Corporate Governance Report




Notes:


A:       Attending seminars and/or meetings and/or forums and/or briefings


B:       Reading materials relevant to corporate governance, director’s duties and responsibilities, the HKEx Listing Rules and other relevant ordinances


C:       Giving talks in the seminars and/or meetings and/or forums


D:       Attending training relevant to the Company’s business conducted by lawyers



Separation of the Roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


Under code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and performed by
different individuals.


Dr. LOU Jing, the chairman of the Board, was also appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company. The Board believes that
vesting the roles of both chairman and chief executive officer in the same person has the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership
within the Group and enabling more effective and efficient overall strategic planning for the Group. The Board considers that the
balance of power and authority for the present arrangement will not be impaired, and this structure will enable the Company to
make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. In addition, all major decisions are made in consultation with members of
the Board, including the relevant Board committees and independent non-executive Directors.


The Board will from time to time review and consider splitting the roles of chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of
the Company at an appropriate time, taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.


Appointment and Re-election of Directors

Dr. LOU Jing, one of the executive Directors, has entered into a service contract with the Company for an initial term of three years
commencing from the date of his appointment and continue for a period of three years after or until the third AGM of the Company
since the Listing Date (whichever is earlier), which shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of three years until
terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the service contract or by either party giving to the other prior notice in
writing. Ms. SU Dongmei, the other executive Director, has entered into a service contract with the Company for an extended term
of three years commencing from the date of the 2021 AGM of the Company until the date of the upcoming AGM of the Company
from the date hereof, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the service contract.


Mr. HUANG Bin, the non-executive Director, entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term commencing from 20
June 2019 until the date of the 2022 AGM of the Company, which has been automatically renewed for a further three years, unless
otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the appointment letter.




                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023   69
Corporate Governance Report




Mr. PU Tianruo, one of the independent non-executive Directors, entered into an appointment letter with the Company on 23
May 2015. The appointment under the aforementioned letter had been renewed and extended until the date of the 2022 AGM of
the Company, which has been automatically renewed for a further three years, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with
the terms and conditions of the appointment letter. Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi, one of the independent non-executive Directors,
has entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term of three years commencing from the date of the 2021 AGM,
which shall then be automatically renewed for a further three years, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the appointment letter. Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry, one of the independent non-executive Directors, entered into a letter
of appointment with the Company for a term of one year commencing from 21 January 2022, which was extended until 20 January
2025, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the appointment letter. Dr. ZHANG Dan, the other
independent non-executive Director, entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of one year commencing
from 30 December 2022, which was extended until the date of the 2024 AGM, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the
terms and conditions of the appointment letter.


Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has a service contract which is not determinable by the Group within one year
without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


In accordance with the Articles of Association, all Directors are subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years
and any new Director appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall submit himself for re-election by the shareholders at the first general
meeting of the Company after appointment and new Directors appointed as an addition to the Board shall submit himself for re-
election by the shareholders at the next following AGM of the Company after appointment.


The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the Articles of Association. The
Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board composition and making recommendations to the Board on the
appointment or re-election of Directors and succession planning for Directors.


Board Meetings

The Company adopts the practice of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times a year, and at approximately quarterly
intervals. Notices of not less than fourteen days have been given for all regular Board meetings to provide all Directors with an
opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for a regular meeting. In 2023, four regular board meetings were held.


For other Board and Board Committee meetings, reasonable notices have been generally given. The agenda and accompanying
board papers have been dispatched to the Directors or Board Committee members at least three days before the meetings to
ensure that they have sufficient time to review the papers and are adequately prepared for the meetings. When Directors or Board
Committee members are unable to attend a meeting, they will be advised of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity
to make their views known to the Chairman prior to the meeting. Minutes of meetings are kept by the Company with copies
circulated to all Directors for information and records.


Minutes of the Board meetings and Board Committee meetings are recorded in sufficient detail about the matters considered by the
Board and the Board Committees and the decisions reached, including any concerns raised by the Directors. Draft minutes of each
Board meeting and Board Committee meeting are sent to the Directors for comments within a reasonable time after the date on
which the meeting is held. Minutes of the Board meetings are open for inspection by Directors.



70      3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




During the Reporting Period, four board meetings and one general meeting were held and the attendance of each Director at these
meetings is set out in the table below:


                                                                                        Attended/Eligible       Attended/Eligible
                                                                                             to attend the           to attend the
 Directors                                                                                Board meetings      general meeting(s)


 Executive Directors
 Dr. LOU Jing                                                                                           4/4                     1/1
 Ms. SU Dongmei                                                                                         4/4                     1/1


 Non-Executive Director
 Mr. HUANG Bin                                                                                          4/4                     1/1


 Independent Non-Executive Directors
 Mr. PU Tianruo                                                                                         4/4                     1/1
 Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi                                                                                 4/4                     1/1
 Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry                                                                                 4/4                     1/1
 Dr. ZHANG Dan                                                                                          4/4                     1/1


Model Code for Securities Transactions


The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the HKEx Listing Rules as its own code of conduct
regarding Directors’ securities transactions. Having made specific enquiry with the Directors, all Directors confirmed that they have
complied with the required standards as set out in the Model Code during the Reporting Period.


Code provision C.1.3 of the CG Code stipulates that the Company must establish guidelines no less exacting than the Model
Code for relevant employees in respect of their dealings in the Company’s securities. To comply with the CG Code, the Company
has adopted a set of guidelines no less exacting than the Model Code for relevant employees in respect of their dealings in the
Company’s securities prior to the Listing Date.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023        71
Corporate Governance Report




Delegation by the Board


The Board reserves for its decision all major matters of the Company, including: approval and monitoring of all policy matters,
overall strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management systems, material transactions (in particular those that may
involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of Directors and other significant financial and operational matters.
Directors could have recourse to seek independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s expense and
are encouraged to access and to consult with the Company’s senior management independently.


The daily management, administration and operation of the Group are delegated to the senior management. The delegated
functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board. Approval has to be obtained from the Board prior to any
significant transactions entered into by the management.


Corporate Governance Function


The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of the Directors which includes:


(a)   developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;


(b)   reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management of the
      Company;


(c)   reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;


(d)   developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and
      directors; and


(e)   reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.


Long Term Corporate Performance and Strategy


The Company sets long term financial performance as a corporate governance objective. The mission of the Company is to
provide better care for patients through innovation and excellence in its core and related therapeutic areas. The Company aims to
strengthen its leadership position in the PRC biotechnology industry and to expand its international business in the next few years.




72      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




BOARD COMMITTEES

Audit Committee


The Audit Committee currently comprises three members, all independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. PU Tianruo
(Chairman), Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi and Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry.


The principal duties of the Audit Committee include the following:


1.    reviewing the relationship with the Auditor by reference to the work performed by the Auditor, their fees and terms of
      engagement, and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the Auditor;


2.    reviewing the financial statements and reports and considering any significant or unusual items raised by the Company’s staff
      responsible for the accounting and financial reporting function or the Auditor before submission to the Board; and


3.    reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s financial reporting system, internal control and risk management
      systems and associated procedures, including the adequacy of the resources, staff qualifications and experience, training
      programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting function.


The written terms of reference of the Audit Committee, which include those set forth in code provisions D.3.3 and D.3.7 of the CG
Code, are available on the websites of the HKEx and the Company.


During the Reporting Period, three meetings of the Audit Committee were held to discuss and consider the following matters:


•     final results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the fiscal year as well as the audit report prepared by the Auditor relating
      to accounting issues and major findings in the course of audit;


•     interim results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023; and


•     the financial reporting system, compliance procedures, internal control (including the adequacy of resources, staff
      qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting function)
      and risk management systems and processes, and the re-appointment of the Auditor, with respect to which the Board had
      not deviated from any recommendation given by the Audit Committee on the selection, appointment, resignation or dismissal
      of the Auditor.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023         73
Corporate Governance Report




Attendance of each Audit Committee member is set out in the table below:


 Directors                                                                                               Attended/Eligible to attend


 Mr. PU Tianruo (Chairman)                                                                                                      3/3
 Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi                                                                                                         3/3
 Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry                                                                                                         3/3


Nomination Committee


The Nomination Committee currently comprises three members, including an executive Director, Dr. LOU Jing (Chairman), and two
independent non-executive Directors, Mr. PU Tianruo and Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry.


The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include the following:


1.    reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least annually
      and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy;


2.    developing the criteria for identifying and assessing the qualifications of and evaluating candidates for directorship;


3.    identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and selecting or making recommendations to the Board
      on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;


4.    assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors;


5.    making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and the succession planning for
      Directors, in particular the chairman and the chief executive officer; and


6.    developing a policy concerning diversity of Board members, and disclosing the policy or a summary of the policy in the
      corporate governance report.




74     3SBIO INC.
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




The written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the websites of the HKEx and the Company.


The nomination policy of Directors of the Company sets as one of its objectives to ensure the Board has a balance of skills,
experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business. For a summary of the
Company’s Board diversity policy, please refer to the relevant paragraph in the “Board Composition” section of this Corporate
Governance Report.


Pursuant to these policies, in assessing and selecting candidates, the Board and the Nomination Committee should consider
various factors including integrity, age, gender, skills, knowledge, experience, expertise, professional and educational qualifications,
background, the board’s composition and diversity, availability of service to the Company, expected contribution, independence,
conflicts of interest, and any other relevant factors.


The Nomination Committee identifies or selects candidates pursuant to the criteria as set out above. The Nomination Committee
then makes recommendation to the Board including the terms and conditions of the appointment. The Board deliberates and
decides on the appointment based upon the recommendation of the Nomination Committee. All appointments of director should
be confirmed by a service contract or letter of appointment (as the case may be) setting out the key terms and conditions. As
applicable, the Board shall make recommendation to shareholders in respect of the proposed election or re-election of director at a
general meeting.


During the Reporting Period, one meeting of the Nomination Committee was held. All three members of the Nomination Committee
attended the meeting.


Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee currently comprises three members, all independent non-executive Directors, namely, Ms. YANG, Hoi
Ti Heidi (Chairlady), Mr. PU Tianruo and Dr. ZHANG Dan.


The principal duties of the Remuneration Committee include the following:


1.    making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for the remuneration of the Directors and
      senior management and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policies;


2.    reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the corporate goals and objectives
      determined by the Board;


3.    making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of executive Directors and senior management;




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023         75
Corporate Governance Report




4.    making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;


5.    considering factors such as the level of remuneration paid by comparable companies, the time commitment and
      responsibilities of Directors and senior management, and the employment conditions of the Company and its subsidiaries and
      consolidated affiliated entities;


6.    ensuring that no Director or any of his/her associates is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration;


7.    reviewing and approving compensation payments and arrangements to Directors and senior management for loss or
      termination of their office or appointment, or dismissal or removal for misconduct and assessing whether the proposed
      payments or arrangements are fair, reasonable, consistent with the relevant contractual terms, or otherwise appropriate; and


8.    reviewing and/or approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the HKEx Listing Rules, including
      any grants of options or awards to Directors or senior management, and to make disclosure and give explanation on the
      appropriateness to such material matters (if any) being approved in the corporate governance report.


The written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee, which include those set forth in code provision E.1.2 of the CG
Code, are available on the websites of the HKEx and the Company.


The work performed by the Remuneration Committee during the Reporting Period included: (1) determining the policy for the
remuneration of the executive Directors; and (2) assessing performance of the executive Directors. With respect to the service
contracts of the two executive Directors, such contracts have been reviewed and approved by the Remuneration Committee and
the Board prior to the Reporting Period and have been in force through the Reporting Period, with no grounds for termination under
the terms of such contracts in the Reporting Period.


During the Reporting Period, one meeting of the Remuneration Committee was held. Attendance of each Remuneration Committee
member is set out in the table below:


 Directors                                                                                            Attended/Eligible to attend


 Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi (Chairlady)                                                                                           1/1
 Mr. PU Tianruo                                                                                                               1/1
 Dr. ZHANG Dan                                                                                                                1/1




76     3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management


The Company has established a formal and transparent procedure for formulating policies on remuneration of Directors and senior
management of the Group. Details of the remuneration by band of the members of the Board and senior management of the
Company for the Reporting Period are set out below:


 Remuneration band                                                                                         Number of individual


 Nil to RMB1,000,000                                                                                                             6
 RMB1,000,001 to RMB1,500,000                                                                                                    5
 RMB1,500,001 to RMB2,000,000                                                                                                    2
 Above RMB2,000,000                                                                                                              0



DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING IN
RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements for the Reporting Period which give a true and
fair view of the affairs of the Company and the Group and of the Group’s results and cash flows.


The management has provided to the Board such explanation and information as are necessary to enable the Board to carry out
an informed assessment of the Company’s financial statements, which are put to the Board for approval. The Company provides all
members of the Board with quarterly updates on Company’s performance, positions and prospects.


The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant doubt upon
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.


The statement by the Auditor regarding their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements of the Company is
set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 88 to 90 of this annual report.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023        77
Corporate Governance Report




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for the Company’s risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their
effectiveness. The risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to
achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


The Group’s risk management and internal control systems provide a comprehensive and organized structure with clearly defined
scopes of responsibilities, authorities and procedures. The Group has a designated risk management and internal control team
which is responsible for identifying and monitoring the Group’s risks and internal control issues and reports directly to the Board of
any findings and follow-up actions. Each department of the Group is also required to adhere strictly to the Group’s internal control
procedures and report to the risk management and internal control team of any risks or internal control issues.


The Group conducts self-assessment each year to confirm that all departments and the Group have properly complied with the risk
management and internal control policy.


The internal audit department is responsible for independent review of the adequacy and effectiveness of risk management
and internal control systems. During the Reporting Period, the internal audit department reviewed important issues such as the
relevant strategic management, major operational and financial reporting procedure adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and
experiences, regulatory compliance, and provided its findings and recommendations to the Audit Committee for improvement.


Any internal control defects identified by the internal audit department will be communicated to the department in question with
advice for correction and remediation. Before the end of the year, the status will be reviewed. The compliance department will also
assist in the correction and remediation. Any unresolved control defects at the end of the year will be informed to the management.
For the Reporting Period, no material internal control defect was detected.


The Audit Committee assists the Board to at least annually review and monitor the scope, issues, results and action plans in relation
to or arising from the internal and external audits. The Audit Committee reviews the Company’s material controls, including financial,
operational and compliance controls, and risk management and internal control systems at least annually. During the Reporting
Period, the Audit Committee conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the
Group, including the above-mentioned material controls. The review has covered various aspects of the Group’s risk management
and internal control systems. In the review, the Audit Committee reviewed the report from the management and the findings and
recommendations from the internal audit department. The review results were reported to the Board. The Board is satisfied that
such systems are effective and adequate.




78     3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




WHISTLE-BLOWING AND ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICIES AND
SYSTEMS

The Group has set up management systems, including the 3SBio Group Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Policy, which sets
out clear anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering requirements and regulates employee hospitality and charity
practices. Under the system’s guidance, the Group has established and strictly observed the compliance training system. The Risk
Compliance Department makes yearly plans for compliance training targeting the entire workforce. The Directors, full-time and part-
time employees and contractors are all required to take regular anti-corruption and business ethics training.


The Group has put in place a whistle-blowing system. The Group’s Risk Compliance Department has set up multiple reporting
channels via e-mails and telephones, inviting real-name or anonymous tip-offs about existing or suspected irregularities from
employees, third-party representatives and business partners.


Please further refer to the Section 2.3 “Ethics and Anti-corruption” and Section 8.1 “Performance Data” in the ESG Report.



INFORMATION DISCLOSURE POLICY

The Group has also adopted an information disclosure policy which has set out comprehensive guidelines in respect of handling and
dissemination of inside information. The Board is entrusted with the responsibility for monitoring and implementing the procedural
requirements in the information disclosure policy. Release of inside information shall be led by the Board. Unless duly authorized,
all staff members of the Company shall not disseminate inside information relating to the Group to any external parties and shall not
respond to media report or market speculation which may materially affect the trading price or volume of the Shares.



AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

Ernst & Young was appointed as the Auditor for the annual audit of the Group and other audit services for the Reporting Period.


The remuneration for the audit services and review services (including the review of the Company’s interim results announcement
and interim report for the six months ended 30 June 2023) provided by Ernst & Young to the Group for the Reporting Period was as
follows:


                                                                                                                          Amount
 Type of Services                                                                                                       (RMB’000)


 Audit services                                                                                                               6,736
 Review services                                                                                                              1,565


 Total                                                                                                                        8,301


                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023       79
Corporate Governance Report




COMPANY SECRETARY

The company secretary of the Company is responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance matters and ensuring that
the Board policies and procedures, as well as the applicable laws, rules and regulations are followed.


In order to uphold good corporate governance and ensure compliance with the HKEx Listing Rules and applicable Hong Kong laws,
the Company engages Ms. LAI Siu Kuen (“Ms. LAI”), a director of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited (“Tricor Services”),
as the company secretary of the Company. Tricor Services is a company secretarial service provider that provides general corporate
and secretarial support services.


The primary corporate contact person at the Company is Ms. SU Dongmei, an executive Director of the Company.


For the Reporting Period, Ms. LAI has undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 3.29
of the HKEx Listing Rules.



COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR
RELATIONS

The Company considers that effective communication with the shareholders of the Company is essential for enhancing investor
relations and understanding of the Group’s business, performance and strategies. The Company also recognizes the importance
of timely and non-selective disclosure of information, which will enable shareholders of the Company and investors to make the
informed investment decisions.


The AGM of the Company provides opportunity for the shareholders to communicate directly with the Directors. The chairman of
the Board and the chairmen/chairlady of the Board Committees will attend the AGM to answer shareholders’ questions. The Auditor
will also attend the AGM to answer questions about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the Auditor’s report,
the accounting policies and auditor’s independence.


The Group’s proactive approach to investor relations continued to widen the coverage of the Company by global funds in and
outside Hong Kong and Mainland China in 2023. A number of local and international sell-side firms and brokers publish research
reports on the Company, often on a regular basis, and the Company attracts attention of a wide range of institutional investors.


The Group’s management and investor relations function take great efforts to maintain an open dialogue with the investment
community to ensure a thorough understanding of the Company’s business development, core strategies and corporate
governance principles. In 2023, the Group participated in investor conferences, roadshows, healthcare summits on virtual basis and
in-person. Nearly 300 meetings were held with institutional investors and research analysts in Hong Kong and internationally.




80     3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




To promote effective communication, the Company adopts a shareholders’ communication policy which aims at establishing a
two-way relationship and communication between the Company and the shareholders and maintaining such relationship and
communication on the websites of the HKEx at www.hkexnews.hk and of the Company at www.3sbio.com, where up-to-date
information on the Company’s business operations and developments, financial information, corporate governance practices and
other information is available for public access. Shareholders can also communicate with the Company by mailing to the Company’s
principal place of business in Hong Kong at 5/F, Manulife Place, 348 Kwun Tong Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong and to the Company’s
investor relations department at email address ir@3sbio.com.


The Group’s MSCI ESG rating maintained at “AA” in 2023, higher than 84% of the rated global industry peers. The rating can
help shareholders and investors to evaluate and understand the Company’s efforts and commitment to environmental, social, and
governance goodness.


During the Reporting Period, the Company reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders communication
policy, including the multiple communication channels for shareholders (AGM, investor meetings, Company website, investor
relations mail and email channels, and ESG work) and the steps taken to handle shareholders’ enquiries. As assessed and
discussed under this section, the Company considered that the shareholders communication policy has been properly implemented
and effective.



DIVIDEND POLICY

The Board shall consider various factors before declaring or recommending dividends, including the Company’s actual and
expected financial performance; retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the
Group; the Group’s working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans; the Group’s liquidity
position; general economic conditions, business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal or external factors that may have
an impact on the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and other factors that the Board deems relevant.


The payment of dividend is also subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations including the laws of Cayman Islands
and the Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association.


As a holding company, the Company is dependent upon the receipt of cash distributions from its PRC subsidiaries to fund any
dividend payments. The ability of these subsidiaries to make dividend and other payments to the Company is restricted by their
constitutional documents and to the laws of and regulations of the PRC.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023        81
Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

To safeguard shareholders’ interests and rights, a separate resolution will be proposed for each issue at general meetings, including
the election of individual Directors.


All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted by poll pursuant to the HKEx Listing Rules and poll results will be
posted on the websites of the Company and the HKEx in a timely manner after each general meeting.


Convening of extraordinary general meeting and putting forward proposals


Shareholders of the Company do not generally have a right to propose new resolutions at general meetings. Shareholders of the
Company who wish to propose a resolution may request the Company to convene an extraordinary general meeting following the
procedures as set out below.


Any one or more members holding as at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the
Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to
the Board or the secretary of the Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting of the Company to be called by the Board
for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit
of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself
(themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of
the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.


As regards proposing a person for election as a Director, the procedures are available on the website of the Company.


Enquiries to the Board


The Company follows its shareholders’ communication policy to provide the Company’s shareholders with information about the
Company to enable them to engage actively with the Company and exercise their rights as shareholders in an informed manner.


Shareholders who intend to put forward their enquiries about the Company to the Board could send their enquiries to the
Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong at 5/F, Manulife Place, 348 Kwun Tong Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong (email
address: ir@3sbio.com).



CHANGE IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

There was no change in the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company for the Reporting Period.




82      3SBIO INC.
                          Independent Auditor’s Report


                                      Ernst & Young              安永會計師事務所
                                      27/F, One Taikoo Place     香港鰂魚涌
                                      979 King’s Road            英皇道979號
                                      Quarry Bay, Hong Kong      太古坊一座27樓

To the shareholders of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of 3SBio Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on
pages 91 to 224, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023, and the consolidated
statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity
and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including
material accounting policy information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
(“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.



Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) issued by the International Auditing
and Assurance Standards Board (“IAASB”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in
accordance with the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”),
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023        83
Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each
matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.


We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed
to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our
audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.




84      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                   Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



Key audit matters (continued)

                                                                       How our audit addressed the
 Key audit matter                                                      key audit matter

 Impairment of other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives


 As at 31 December 2023, other intangible assets with indefinite       Our audit procedures included, among others, a review of
 useful lives amounted to RMB159,171,000. In accordance with           the models and the assumptions applied by management in
 IAS 36 Impairment of Assets, intangible assets with indefinite        assessing the forecasted revenue growth and profit margins.
 useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually   We evaluated management’s sensitivity analyses to assess the
 or at the cash-generating unit level. The impairment reviews          impact of reasonably possible changes to key assumptions
 performed by the Group contained a number of significant              on the available headroom. We also reviewed the Group’s
 judgements and estimates including growth rates, royalty rates        disclosures of the assumptions applied in assessing the
 and discount rates. Changes in these assumptions might lead           impairment of those intangible assets. We involved our internal
 to a change in the carrying value of intangible assets.               valuation experts to assess the key assumptions in valuation
                                                                       models including growth rates, royalty rates and discount
 The Group’s disclosures on other intangible assets with               rates.
 indefinite useful lives are included in note 17 to the financial
 statements.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023        85
Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



Key audit matters (continued)

                                                                   How our audit addressed the
 Key audit matter                                                  key audit matter

 Impairment of goodwill


 As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of goodwill was       Our audit procedures included, among others, a review of
 RMB4,199,458,000. In accordance with IAS 36 Impairment of         the assumptions with actual results of prior periods applied
 Assets, the Group is required to test goodwill for impairment     by management in assessing the forecasted revenue growth
 annually. Management performs the impairment assessment           rates, gross margins and discount rates. We evaluated
 using a value in use calculation based on the discounted cash     management’s identification of cash-generating units (“CGU”)
 flow method. This assessment is complex and judgemental           and the impairment model used by the Group. We also
 and is based on assumptions, such as forecasted revenue           reviewed the Group’s disclosures of those assumptions to
 growth rates, gross margins and discount rates, which             which the outcome of the impairment test was most sensitive
 are affected by the expected future market or economic            and which had the most significant effect on the determination
 conditions, particularly in Chinese Mainland.                     of the recoverable amount of goodwill. We involved our internal
                                                                   valuation experts in benchmarking the key assumptions in
 The Group’s disclosures on goodwill are included in note 16 to    valuation models including expected perpetual rates and
 the financial statements.                                         discount rates.




86     3SBIO INC.
                                                                                  Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



Other information included in the Annual Report

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in
the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude
that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
regard.



Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial
statements

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and
for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
financial reporting process.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023         87
Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our report is made
solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis
of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout
the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
      design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
      to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
      one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
      internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
      circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.




88      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                  Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements (continued)

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
      the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
      attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
      inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
      report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves
      fair presentation.


•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the
      Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
      performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023         89
Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements (continued)

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in
our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Denis Ming Kui Cheng.


Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
20 March 2024




90      3SBIO INC.
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                                                      Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                       2023               2022
                                          Notes    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                     (Restated)


REVENUE                                    5      7,815,938          6,865,735


Cost of sales                              6      (1,174,298)       (1,194,161)


Gross profit                                      6,641,640          5,671,574


Other income and gains                     5        305,062            749,917
Selling and distribution expenses                 (3,006,225)       (2,580,528)
Administrative expenses                            (480,825)          (393,431)
Research and development costs                     (794,794)          (693,813)
Other expenses                             6       (444,308)          (337,128)
Finance costs                              7       (212,296)          (102,748)
Share of profits and losses of:
  A joint venture                          18         1,053              (2,555)
  Associates                               19        (30,848)          (31,692)


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                 1,978,459          2,279,596


Income tax expense                         11      (392,167)          (370,737)


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                               1,586,292          1,908,859


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                            1,549,239          1,915,727
  Non-controlling interests/(losses)                 37,053              (6,868)


                                                  1,586,292          1,908,859


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
  ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
  — Basic                                  13      RMB0.64            RMB0.78


  — Diluted                                13      RMB0.62            RMB0.74



                                                     Annual Report 2023       91
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                     2023         2022
                                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                              (Restated)


 PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                             1,586,292    1,908,859


 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
 Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
     profit or loss in subsequent periods:
 Exchange differences:
     Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations     14,331       71,773


 Net other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
     profit or loss in subsequent periods                          14,331       71,773


 Other comprehensive loss that will not be reclassified to
     profit or loss in subsequent periods:
     Equity investments designated at fair value
       through other comprehensive income:
       Changes in fair value                                      (115,197)    (139,005)
       Income tax effect                                              (461)       5,125


 Net other comprehensive loss that will not be
     reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods         (115,658)    (133,880)


 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                (101,327)     (62,107)


 TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                         1,484,965    1,846,752


 Attributable to:
     Owners of the parent                                        1,447,912    1,853,620
     Non-controlling interest                                      37,053        (6,868)


                                                                 1,484,965    1,846,752




92       3SBIO INC.
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                   31 December 2023




                                                                    31 December     31 December
                                                                           2023               2022
                                                            Notes      RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                       (Restated)


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                14        4,692,152       4,113,675
Right-of-use assets                                         15(a)       375,606          388,620
Goodwill                                                     16        4,199,458       4,140,061
Other intangible assets                                      17        1,554,451       1,578,312
Investments in joint ventures                                18            2,265              1,212
Investments in associates                                    19         593,316          622,637
Equity investments designated at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                       20         521,724          554,974
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets              24         203,422          353,810
Non-pledged time deposits                                    26        2,015,347         201,183
Deferred tax assets                                          21         274,604          303,949


Total non-current assets                                              14,432,345      12,258,433


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                  22         777,539          712,742
Trade and notes receivables                                  23        1,095,132       1,311,805
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets              24        1,132,499         504,790
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        25        3,302,596       4,861,054
Pledged deposits                                             26         195,432          208,392
Cash and bank balances                                       26        2,689,485       2,151,746


Total current assets                                                   9,192,683       9,750,529


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                     27         212,062          249,521
Other payables and accruals                                  28        1,332,393       1,028,460
Deferred income                                              29          29,152           28,549
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                   30        2,111,603         413,259
Lease liabilities                                           15(b)          9,735          12,234
Tax payable                                                              32,665          111,888


Total current liabilities                                              3,727,610       1,843,911


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                     5,465,073       7,906,618


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                 19,897,418      20,165,051



                                                                         Annual Report 2023       93
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

31 December 2023




                                                                    31 December     31 December
                                                                           2023           2022
                                                            Notes      RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                      (Restated)


 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                  30        1,462,733      1,901,748
 Lease liabilities                                          15(b)        27,813          27,587
 Convertible bonds                                           31               —       2,163,735
 Bonds payable                                               32        1,225,959             —
 Deferred income                                             29         412,156         422,610
 Deferred tax liabilities                                    21         250,554         279,865
 Other non-current liabilities                                             4,603          5,925


 Total non-current liabilities                                         3,383,818      4,801,470


 Net assets                                                           16,513,600     15,363,581


 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the parent
 Share capital                                               34             149             149
 Treasury shares                                             34         (235,641)      (235,641)
 Share premium                                               34        3,517,283      3,693,433
 Other reserves                                                       10,751,980      9,467,864


 Equity attributable to owners of the parent                          14,033,771     12,925,805


 Non-controlling interests                                             2,479,829      2,437,776


 Total equity                                                         16,513,600     15,363,581




LOU Jing                                       SU Dongmei

LOU Jing                                       SU Dongmei
Director                                       Director




94      3SBIO INC.
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                                          Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                  Equity
                                                                                                          component of            Statutory                                Exchange                         Non-
                                                        Share      Treasury        Share    Contributed      convertible            surplus       Retained    Fair value   fluctuation                 control ing        Total
                                                        capital      shares     premium        surplus*          bonds*           reserves*        profits*    reserve*      reserve*         Total     interests        equity
                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                      (note 34)    (note 34)    (note 34)     (note 36)        (note 31)          (note 37)


At 1 January 2022 (audited)                                155           —     4,152,181       338,198          110,744           890,772        6,643,663      98,378         (6,641)   12,227,450    2,430,347     14,657,797
Business combination under common control                   —            —            —         10,042                —                  —         (47,753)          —             —        (37,711)           —        (37,711)


At 1 January 2022 (restated)                               155           —     4,152,181       348,240          110,744           890,772        6,595,910      98,378         (6,641)   12,189,739    2,430,347     14,620,086
Profit for the year                                         —            —            —             —                 —                  —       1,915,727           —             —      1,915,727        (6,868)    1,908,859
Other comprehensive income for the year:
  Change in fair value of equity investments
     at fair value through other comprehensive
     income, net of tax                                     —            —            —             —                 —                  —              —     (133,880)            —       (133,880)           —       (133,880)
  Exchange differences on translation
     of foreign operations                                  —            —            —             —                 —                  —              —            —        71,773        71,773             —        71,773


Total comprehensive income for the year                     —            —            —             —                 —                  —       1,915,727    (133,880)       71,773      1,853,620        (6,868)    1,846,752
Transfer to statutory surplus reserves                      —            —            —             —                 —           251,397         (251,397)          —             —             —             —             —
Final 2021 dividend declared                                —            —            —             —                 —                  —        (417,140)          —             —       (417,140)           —       (417,140)
Shares repurchased                                          —      (711,321)          —             —                 —                  —              —            —             —       (711,321)           —       (711,321)
Shares cancel ed                                             (6)   475,680      (475,674)           —                 —                  —              —            —             —             —             —             —
Equity-settled share incentive scheme (Note 36)             —            —            —         10,738                —                  —              —            —             —        10,738             —        10,738
Shares issued upon exercise of
  share options (Note 36)                                   —            —       16,926        (16,757)               —                  —              —            —             —           169             —           169
Capital injection from non-control ing shareholders         —            —            —             —                 —                  —              —            —             —             —        14,297        14,297


At 31 December 2022 (restated)                             149     (235,641)   3,693,433       342,221          110,744         1,142,169        7,843,100     (35,502)       65,132     12,925,805    2,437,776     15,363,581




                                                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023                         95
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                                              Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                      Equity
                                                                                                               component of         Statutory                                  Exchange                         Non-
                                                            Share     Treasury       Share     Contributed       convertible          surplus        Retained     Fair value   fluctuation                 controlling        Total
                                                           capital     shares     premium         surplus*           bonds*         reserves*         profits*     reserve*      reserve*         Total      interests       equity
                                                          RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                          (note 34)   (note 34)   (note 34)       (note 36)         (note 31)        (note 37)


    At 31 December 2022 (audited)                              149    (235,641)   3,693,433        332,179           110,744        1,142,169        7,890,011      (35,502)       65,132    12,962,674     2,437,776    15,400,450
    Business combination under common control
      (Note 35)                                                 —           —            —          10,042                —                —           (46,911)          —             —        (36,869)           —        (36,869)



    At 1 January 2023 (restated)                               149    (235,641)   3,693,433        342,221           110,744        1,142,169        7,843,100      (35,502)       65,132    12,925,805     2,437,776    15,363,581
    Profit for the year                                         —           —            —              —                 —                —         1,549,239           —             —      1,549,239        37,053     1,586,292
    Other comprehensive income for the year:
      Change in fair value of equity investments
         at fair value through other comprehensive
         income, net of tax                                     —           —            —              —                 —                —                —      (115,658)           —       (115,658)           —       (115,658)
      Exchange differences related to
         foreign operations                                     —           —            —              —                 —                —                —            —         14,331       14,331             —        14,331



    Total comprehensive income for the year                     —           —            —              —                 —                —         1,549,239     (115,658)       14,331     1,447,912        37,053     1,484,965
    Transfer to statutory surplus reserves                      —           —            —              —                 —           218,073         (218,073)          —             —             —             —             —
    Final 2022 dividend declared (Note 12)                      —           —      (224,883)            —                 —                —                —            —             —       (224,883)           —       (224,883)
    Repurchase of convertible bonds                             —           —            —              —           (110,744)              —                —            —             —       (110,744)           —       (110,744)
    Equity-settled share incentive scheme (Note 36)             —           —            —          (4,656)               —                —                —            —             —         (4,656)           —         (4,656)
    Shares issued upon exercise
      of share options (Note 36)                                —           —       48,733         (48,396)               —                —                —            —             —           337             —           337
    Capital injection from non-control ing shareholders         —           —            —              —                 —                —                —            —             —             —          5,000         5,000
    Transfer to retained profits                                —           —            —              —                 —                —              410          (410)           —             —             —             —


    At 31 December 2023                                        149    (235,641)   3,517,283        289,169                —         1,360,242        9,174,676     (151,570)       79,463    14,033,771     2,479,829    16,513,600


*              These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated other reserves of approximately RMB10,751,980,000 (2022: RMB9,467,864,000 (restated)) in the consolidated
               statement of financial position.




96                3SBIO INC.
   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                           Notes    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                      (Restated)


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                   1,978,459         2,279,596
Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                                              7       212,296            102,748
  Gain on repurchase of convertible bonds                                    5       (48,268)             (1,284)
  Gain on deemed disposal of an associate                                    5            —               (3,485)
  Gain on termination of a lease                                                          —                 (730)
  Fair value losses/(gains) on financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss                                                         5, 6      358,548          (237,983)
  Share of profits and losses of a joint venture and associates            18, 19      29,795             34,247
  Interest income                                                            5       (153,124)         (149,487)
  Foreign exchange differences                                              5, 6       71,934          (274,644)
  Charge of share-based compensation costs                                   36        (4,656)            10,738
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                              6        211,283           186,845
  Amortisation of other intangible assets                                    6        103,873           162,319
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                        6         19,692             20,613
  Amortisation of long-term deferred expenses                                6         16,614             12,446
  Amortisation of other non-current assets                                                 —              15,934
  Recognition of deferred income                                            29        (29,826)           (38,136)
  (Reversal of provision)/provision for impairment of trade receivables      6        (14,670)             7,626
  (Reversal of provision)/provision for impairment of prepayments,
     other receivables and other assets                                     6         (10,502)           43,531
  Provision for impairment of other intangible assets                       6              —            186,019
  Provision for impairment of investment in an associate                     6             —             60,039
  (Reversal of provision)/provision for impairment of inventories           22        (27,538)           28,691
  Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                6           1,877             4,329


                                                                                    2,715,787         2,449,972

  Increase in inventories                                                             (37,258)          (48,706)
  Decrease/(increase) in pledged deposits                                              21,439           (29,175)
  Decrease in trade and notes receivables                                             231,343            60,804
  (Increase)/decrease in prepayments, other receivables and other assets             (609,875)           11,392
  (Decrease)/increase in trade and bills payables                                     (37,459)           19,009
  Increase in other payables and accruals                                             269,775            17,338


  Cash generated from operations                                                    2,553,752         2,480,634


  Income tax paid                                                                    (470,895)         (346,371)


  Net cash flows from operating activities                                          2,082,857         2,134,263



                                                                                      Annual Report 2023       97
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                      2023           2022
                                                                         Notes    RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                (Restated)


 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Interest received                                                             119,611        138,470
     Purchase of items of property, plant and equipment                           (624,717)       (910,609)
     Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           (3,858,003)   (16,501,947)
     Purchase of non-pledged time deposits                                       (1,945,055)      (200,000)
     Purchase of time deposits with original maturity
       of more than three months                                                    (78,324)            —
     Purchase of equity investments designated at fair value
       through other comprehensive income                                           (78,474)       (47,394)
     Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss                                                    4,990,017     13,778,899
     Proceeds from disposal of non-pledged time deposits                           160,238              —
     Proceeds from disposal of equity investments designated
       at fair value through other comprehensive income                             14,898          5,948
     Loans repayment from third parties                                                402         21,791
     Additions of other intangible assets                                           (79,619)       (64,169)
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                        15,382            412
     Funds received from government grants                                          18,289         55,608


 Net cash flows used in investing activities                                     (1,345,355)    (3,722,991)


 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Proceeds from issue of shares                                                     337            169
     Repurchase of convertible bonds                                      31     (2,377,953)      (227,873)
     Proceeds from issuances of bonds                                     32     1,200,000              —
     Received capital injections from non-controlling shareholders                   5,000         14,297
     (Increase)/decrease in pledged deposits                                         (8,479)        5,375
     Repayments of bank borrowings                                                (803,239)       (203,711)
     Acquisition of treasury shares                                       34             —        (475,680)
     Proceeds from bank borrowings                                               1,990,888      2,131,764
     Principal portion of lease payments                                            (12,210)       (16,727)
     Dividend paid                                                                (224,883)       (417,140)
     Interest paid                                                                (122,437)        (47,257)


 Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities                               (352,976)       763,217




98       3SBIO INC.
                                                            Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                   2023               2022
                                                                      Notes    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Restated)


NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                            384,526           (825,511)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                             2,151,746         2,868,250
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, net                             74,889            109,007


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR                                   2,611,161         2,151,746


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances                                                 26      2,610,430         2,150,920
Restricted cash                                                        26           731                826
Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months         26        78,324                  —


Cash and cash balances as stated in the consolidated statement
  of financial position                                                        2,689,485         2,151,746
Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months         26        (78,324)                —


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement
  of cash flows                                                                2,611,161         2,151,746




                                                                                 Annual Report 2023       99
Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2023




1. Corporate and group information

      3SBio Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under
      the Cayman Islands Companies Laws on 9 August 2006. The registered office address of the Company is Cricket Square,
      Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands. The Company’s shares were listed on the Main
      Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 11 June 2015.


      The Company is an investment holding company. During the year, the subsidiaries of the Company were principally engaged
      in the development, production, marketing and sale of biopharmaceutical products in the People’s Republic of China (the
      “PRC”) except for Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau (“Chinese Mainland”).


      Information about subsidiaries


      Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:


                                            Place and date of         Nominal value            Percentage of
                                            incorporation/            of issued ordinary/    equity attributable
                                            registration and          registered              to the Company
       Company name                         place of operations       share capital           Direct       Indirect    Principal activities


       Collected Mind Limited (“Collected   British Virgin Islands    United States Dollar       100               —   Investment holding
         Mind”) (集思有限公司)                    3 May 2006                (“USD”) 1


       Hongkong Sansheng Medical            Hong Kong                 Hong Kong Dollar            —            100     Trading and investment
         Limited (“Hongkong Sansheng”)      3 November 2009           (“HKD”) 2                                           holding
         (香港三生醫藥有限公司)


       Shenyang Sunshine Pharmaceutical     PRC/Chinese Mainland**** Renminbi (“RMB”)             —            100     Manufacture and sale of
         Co., Ltd. (“Shenyang Sunshine”)    3 January 1993            2,700,000,000                                       biopharmaceutical drugs
         (瀋陽三生製藥有限責任公司)                                                                                                   and development


       Liaoning Sunshine                    PRC/Chinese Mainland **   RMB15,000,000               —            100     Distribution and sale of
         Bio-Pharmaceutical                 1 February 2000                                                               pharmaceutical drugs
         Company Ltd.
         (“Liaoning Sunshine”)
         (遼寧三生醫藥有限公司)


       Taizhou Huan Sheng Consulting        PRC/Chinese Mainland**    RMB1,000,000                —            100     Project management and
         Management Company Ltd.            29 December 2010                                                              consultation
         (泰州環晟諮詢管理有限公司)


100    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                            31 December 2023




1. Corporate and group information (continued)

   Information about subsidiaries (continued)


                                        Place and date of         Nominal value            Percentage of
                                        incorporation/            of issued ordinary/    equity attributable
                                        registration and          registered              to the Company
    Company name                        place of operations       share capital           Direct       Indirect     Principal activities


    Taizhou Huan Sheng Healthcare       PRC/Chinese Mainland**    RMB250,000,000              —                80   Investment holding
      Industry Investment Centre LLP    30 May 2011
      (“Taizhou Centre”) (泰州環晟健
      康產業投資中心(有限合夥))


    Excel Partner Holdings Limited      Hong Kong                 HKD1                        —            100      Investment holding
      (“Excel Partner”)                 8 July 2010
      (特隆控股有限公司)


    Sirton Pharmaceuticals S.p.A.       Italy                     Euro (“EUR”) 300,000        —            100      Manufacture and sale of
      (“Sirton”)                        22 November 2010                                                              pharmaceutical drugs and
                                                                                                                      research and development


    Ample Harvest Investments Limited   British Virgin Islands    USD10                       —            100      Investment holding
      (“Ample Harvest”)                 2 January 2003
      (溢豐投資有限公司)


    Shenzhen Baishitong Technology      PRC/Chinese Mainland **   RMB500,000                  —            100      Investment holding
      Development Company Limited       8 March 2002
      (“Shenzhen Baishitong”)
      (深圳市百士通科技開發有限公司)


    Shenzhen Sciprogen                  PRC/Chinese Mainland *** RMB160,000,000               —            100      Manufacture and sale of
      Bio-pharmaceutical                22 March 1999                                                                 pharmaceutical drugs and
      Co., Ltd. (“Sciprogen”)                                                                                         research and development
      (深圳賽保爾生物藥業有限公司)




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023             101
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




1. Corporate and group information (continued)

      Information about subsidiaries (continued)


                                           Place and date of         Nominal value           Percentage of
                                           incorporation/            of issued ordinary/   equity attributable
                                           registration and          registered             to the Company
       Company name                        place of operations       share capital          Direct       Indirect    Principal activities


       Shanghai Anran Bio-technology       PRC/Chinese Mainland **   RMB10,000,000              —            100     Research and development
         Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Anran”)      21 December 2016                                                            of bio-technology and
         (上海安冉生物科技有限公司)                                                                                                drugs and sale of chemical
                                                                                                                       products


       Zhejiang Sunshine Mandi             PRC/Chinese Mainland **   RMB56,500,000              —            100     Manufacture and sale of
         Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.          27 October 1997                                                             pharmaceutical drugs and
         (“Sunshine Mandi”)                                                                                            research and development
         (浙江三生蔓迪藥業有限公司)


       Gains Prestige Limited (“Gains      British Virgin Islands    HKD8                      100               —   Investment holding
         Prestige”) (澤威有限公司)               2 September 2014


       Full Gain Pharmaceutical Limited    Hong Kong                 HKD1                       —            100     Investment holding
         (“Full Gain”) (富健藥業有限公司)          6 October 2014


       Shanghai Xingsheng Pharmaceutical   PRC/Chinese Mainland**    RMB410,000,000             —          96.25     Investment holding
         Company Limited (“Xing Sheng”)    23 December 1998
         (上海興生藥業有限公司)


       Sunshine Guojian Pharmaceutical     PRC/Chinese Mainland      RMB616,785,793             —          80.89     Manufacture and sale
         (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Sunshine   25 January 2002                                                             of biopharmaceutical
         Guojian”) (三生國健藥業(上海)股                                                                                        drugs and research and
         份有限公司)                                                                                                        development


       National Engineering Research       PRC/Chinese Mainland**    RMB260,000,000             —          49.78     Manufacture and sale
         Center of Antibody Medicine       15 January 2009                                                             of biopharmaceutical
         (“NERC”) (上海抗體藥物國家工程                                                                                          drugs and research and
         研究中心有限公司)                                                                                                     development




102    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                               31 December 2023




1. Corporate and group information (continued)

   Information about subsidiaries (continued)


                                            Place and date of         Nominal value           Percentage of
                                            incorporation/            of issued ordinary/   equity attributable
                                            registration and          registered             to the Company
    Company name                            place of operations       share capital          Direct       Indirect    Principal activities


    Cn-Gen Mab Co., Ltd. (“Cn-Gen           Hong Kong                 HKD383,771,138             —          80.89     Distribution and sale of
      Mab”) (中健抗體有限公司)                      19 September 2012                                                            pharmaceutical drugs


    Sunshine Guojian Pharmaceutical         PRC/Chinese Mainland**    RMB940,000,000             —          80.89     Manufacture and sale
      (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. (三生國健藥業            25 November 2013                                                             of biopharmaceutical
      (蘇州)有限公司)                                                                                                          drugs and research and
                                                                                                                         development


    Shanghai Shengguo Pharmaceutical        PRC/Chinese Mainland**    RMB224,428,188             —          80.89     Technology services
      Development Co., Ltd. (上海晟國           29 January 2014
      醫藥發展有限公司)


    Shanghai Hongshang Investment           PRC/Chinese Mainland**    RMB1,034,100,000           —            100     Investment holding
      Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai                  5 November 2015
      Hongshang”)
      (上海翃熵投資諮詢有限公司)


    Guangdong Sunshine                      PRC/Chinese Mainland***   RMB110,000,000             —            100     Manufacture and sale
      Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.              7 December 2016                                                              of biopharmaceutical
      (“Guangdong Sunshine”)                                                                                             drugs and research and
      (廣東三生製藥有限公司)                                                                                                       development


    Strategic International Group Limited   British Virgin Islands    EUR50,000                 100               —   Investment holding
      (“Strategic International”)           14 June 2017


    Grand Path Holdings Limited             Hong Kong                 HKD16,000,000             100               —   Investment holding
      (“Grand Path Holdings”)               13 May 2010




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023             103
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




1. Corporate and group information (continued)

      Information about subsidiaries (continued)


                                           Place and date of        Nominal value           Percentage of
                                           incorporation/           of issued ordinary/   equity attributable
                                           registration and         registered             to the Company
       Company name                        place of operations      share capital          Direct       Indirect     Principal activities


       Northern Medicine Valley Desen      PRC/Chinese Mainland**   RMB3,830,000,000           —          90.34      Manufacture and sale
         (Shenyang) Biologics Co., Ltd.    26 February 2018                                                             of biopharmaceutical
         (“Desen Biologics”) (北方藥谷德                                                                                     drugs and research and
         生(瀋陽)生物科技有限責任公司)                                                                                               development


       Shenyang Jiasheng Agriculture       PRC/Chinese Mainland**   RMB500,000                 —            100      Agricultural services
         Technology Co., Ltd. (瀋陽嘉生農       18 November 2020
         業科技有限責任公司)


       Hangzhou Mansheng HuaFa             PRC/Chinese Mainland**   RMB1,000,000               —            100      Distribution and sale of
         Pharmacy Co., Ltd. (杭州蔓生華         11 March 2021                                                                pharmaceutical drugs
         發大藥房有限公司)


       Jingsheng Pharmaceutical            PRC/Chinese Mainland**** USD2,000,000               —            100      Technology services
         Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.   25 February 2021
         (競生醫藥技術(上海)有限公司)


       Xinyisheng (Hainan) Commercial      PRC/Chinese Mainland**   RMB30,000,000              —                60   Financial service
         Factoring Co., Ltd. (信益生(海南)      22 November 2022
         商業保理有限公司)


       Shenyang Liaolan Sports Co., Ltd.   PRC/Chinese Mainland**   RMB2,000,000               —            100      Sports services
         (瀋陽遼籃體育有限公司)                      5 September 2022


       Liaoning Sansheng Private Equity    PRC/Chinese Mainland**   RMB5,000,000               —            100      Investment holding
         Fund Management Co., Ltd.         24 January 2022
         (遼寧三生私募基金管理有限公司)




104    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                        31 December 2023




1. Corporate and group information (continued)

   Information about subsidiaries (continued)


                                                 Place and date of              Nominal value           Percentage of
                                                 incorporation/                 of issued ordinary/   equity attributable
                                                 registration and               registered             to the Company
        Company name                             place of operations            share capital          Direct       Indirect    Principal activities


        Shanghai Pudong Tianyu Investment        PRC/Chinese Mainland**         RMB425,458,610             —            100     Investment advisory services
          Development Center (LP) (上海浦           20 November 2014
          東田羽投資發展中心(有限合夥))


        Liaoning Sunshine Technology             PRC/Chinese Mainland **        RMB10,000,000              —            100     Manufacture and sale of
          Development Co., Ltd. (遼寧三生            3 February 2010                                                                  medical devices
          科技發展有限公司)


        3SBio LLC                                United States                  USD5,366,867              100               —   Investment holding
                                                 20 February 2009


        3SBIO USA INC.                           United States                  —                          —            100     Investment holding
                                                 8 December 2021


   *         This subsidiary was registered as joint-stock limited company under PRC law.


   **        These subsidiaries were registered as limited liability companies under PRC law.


   ***       These subsidiaries were registered as foreign-owned enterprises under PRC law.


   ****      These subsidiaries were registered as a wholly-foreign owned enterprise under PRC law.



   The English names of these companies registered in the PRC represent the best effort made by the management of the
   Company to directly translate their Chinese names as these companies do not register any official English names.


   The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results for
   the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”). To give
   details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.




                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023            105
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies

      2.1 Basis of preparation


           These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
           (“IFRSs”) (which include all International Financial Reporting Standards, International Accounting Standards (“IASs”)
           and Interpretations) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the disclosure requirements
           of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for
           equity investments and certain financial assets which have been measured at fair value. These financial statements are
           presented in RMB and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.


           Basis of consolidation


           The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively
           referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2023. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured
           entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has
           rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its
           power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the
           investee).


           Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has less than a
           majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing
           whether it has power over an investee, including:


           (a)     the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;


           (b)     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


           (c)     the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.


           The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
           consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains
           control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.


           Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent of the
           Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. All
           intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of
           the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.




106    3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                 31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.1 Basis of preparation (continued)


       Basis of consolidation (continued)


       The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes
       to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary,
       without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.


       If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill), any non-controlling
       interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and recognises the fair value of any investment retained and any resulting
       surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive
       income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the
       Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.


   2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures


       The Group has adopted the following new and revised IFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial statements.


       IFRS 17                                   Insurance Contracts
       Amendments to IAS 1 and                   Disclosure of Accounting Policies
         IFRS Practice Statement 2
       Amendments to IAS 8                       Definition of Accounting Estimates
       Amendments to IAS 12                      Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction
       Amendments to IAS 12                      International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules


       The nature and the impact of the new and revised IFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:


       (a)   Amendments to IAS 1 require entities to disclose their material accounting policy information rather than their
             significant accounting policies. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together with other
             information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions
             that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements.
             Amendments to IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements provide non-mandatory guidance on
             how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures. The Group has disclosed the material
             accounting policy information in note 2 to the financial statements. The amendments did not have any impact on
             the measurement, recognition or presentation of any items in the Group’s financial statements.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023       107
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (continued)


           (b)     Amendments to IAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in accounting
                   policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject to
                   measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify how entities use measurement techniques and inputs
                   to develop accounting estimates. Since the Group’s approach and policy align with the amendments, the
                   amendments had no impact on the Group’s financial statements.


           (c)     Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction narrow
                   the scope of the initial recognition exception in IAS 12 so that it no longer applies to transactions that give rise to
                   equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, such as leases and decommissioning obligations. Therefore,
                   entities are required to recognise a deferred tax asset (provided that sufficient taxable profit is available) and a
                   deferred tax liability for temporary differences arising from these transactions.


                   Upon the application of the amendments, the Group has determined the temporary differences arising from right-
                   of-use assets and lease liabilities separately, which have been reflected in the reconciliation disclosed in note 21
                   to the financial statements. However, they did not have any material impact on the overall deferred tax balances
                   presented in the consolidated statement of financial position as the related deferred tax balances qualified for
                   offsetting under IAS 12.


           (d)     Amendments to IAS 12 International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules introduce a mandatory temporary
                   exception from the recognition and disclosure of deferred taxes arising from the implementation of the Pillar Two
                   model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. The amendments
                   also introduce disclosure requirements for the affected entities to help users of the financial statements better
                   understand the entities’ exposure to Pillar Two income taxes, including the disclosure of current tax related to
                   Pillar Two income taxes separately in the periods when Pillar Two legislation is effective and the disclosure of
                   known or reasonably estimable information of their exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in periods in which the
                   legislation is enacted or substantively enacted but not yet in effect.




108    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                          31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.3 Issued but not yet effective international financial reporting standards


        The Group has not applied the following revised IFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in these financial
        statements. The Group intends to apply these revised IFRSs, if applicable, when they become effective.


        Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                            Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or
                                                                       Joint Venture3
        Amendments to IFRS 16                                       Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback1
        Amendments to IAS 1                                         Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the “2020
                                                                       Amendments”)1
        Amendments to IAS 1                                         Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)1
        Amendments to ISA 7 and IFRS 7                              Supplier Finance Arrangements1
        Amendments to IAS 21                                        Lack of Exchangeability2

        1      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
        2      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
        3      No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption



        Further information about those IFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.


        Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in IFRS 10 and in IAS 28 in
        dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. The amendments
        require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a downstream transaction when the sale or contribution of assets
        constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or loss resulting from
        the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investor’s interest in that
        associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of
        amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 was removed by the IASB. However, the amendments are available for adoption
        now.


        Amendments to IFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability arising in
        a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of the gain or loss that
        relates to the right of use it retains. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
        2024 and shall be applied retrospectively to sale and leaseback transactions entered into after the date of initial
        application of IFRS 16 (i.e., 1 January 2019). Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have
        any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023      109
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.3 Issued but not yet effective international financial reporting standards (continued)


           The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current, including what is
           meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting period. Classification
           of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement. The amendments also
           clarify that a liability can be settled in its own equity instruments, and that only if a conversion option in a convertible
           liability is itself accounted for as an equity instrument would the terms of a liability not impact its classification. The
           2022 Amendments further clarify that, among covenants of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with
           which an entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect the classification of that liability as current or non-
           current. Additional disclosures are required for non-current liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future
           covenants within 12 months after the reporting period. The amendments shall be applied retrospectively with early
           application permitted. An entity that applies the 2020 Amendments early is required to apply simultaneously the 2022
           Amendments, and vice versa. The Group is currently assessing the impact of the amendments and whether existing
           loan agreements may require revision. Based on a preliminary assessment, the amendments are not expected to have
           any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


           Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and require additional
           disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments are intended to assist users of
           financial statements in understanding the effects of supplier finance arrangements on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows
           and exposure to liquidity risk. Earlier application of the amendments is permitted. The amendments provide certain
           transition reliefs regarding comparative information, quantitative information as at the beginning of the annual reporting
           period and interim disclosures. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s
           financial statements.


           Amendments to IAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another currency
           and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking. The
           amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to understand the impact
           of a currency not being exchangeable. Earlier application is permitted. When applying the amendments, an entity
           cannot restate comparative information. Any cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments shall be recognised
           as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or to the cumulative amount of translation differences
           accumulated in a separate component of equity, where appropriate, at the date of initial application. The amendments
           are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.




110    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                  31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies


       Investments in associates and joint ventures


       An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of the equity voting
       rights and over which it has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and
       operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.


       A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights
       to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement,
       which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing
       control.


       The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position
       at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses.


       The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures is
       included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive income, respectively. In
       addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate or joint venture, the Group
       recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Unrealised
       gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates or joint ventures are eliminated
       to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates or joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide
       evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is
       included as part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint ventures.


       If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is not
       remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method. In all other case, upon
       loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group measures and recognises
       any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture
       upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from
       disposal is recognised in profit or loss.


       When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for in accordance
       with IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023      111
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Business combinations and goodwill


           Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured at
           the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the Group,
           liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in
           exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-
           controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
           All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as
           incurred.


           The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes an input
           and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.


           When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate
           classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent
           conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of the
           acquiree.


           If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its acquisition
           date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.


           Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.
           Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised
           in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is
           accounted for within equity.


           Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the amount
           recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interests in the acquiree
           over the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items is lower
           than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a gain
           on bargain purchase.




112    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                     31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Business combinations and goodwill (continued)


       After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is tested for
       impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be
       impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31 December. For the purpose of impairment
       testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s
       cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the
       combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of
       units.


       Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating
       units) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-
       generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss recognised for
       goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.


       Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and part of the
       operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the
       carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in these
       circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and the portion of the cash-
       generating unit retained.


       Fair value measurement


       The Group measures its equity investments at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that
       would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
       the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset
       or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal
       market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must
       be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market
       participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best
       interest.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023         113
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Fair value measurement (continued)


           A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic
           benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset
           in its highest and best use.


           The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are
           available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable
           inputs.


           All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
           within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
           measurement as a whole:


           Level 1 —     based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities


           Level 2 —     based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                         measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly


           Level 3 —     based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                         measurement is unobservable


           For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines
           whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the lowest
           level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.


           Impairment of non-financial assets


           Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other than
           inventories, contact assets, deferred tax assets, investment properties and non-current assets/a disposal group
           classified as held for sale), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher
           of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an
           individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets
           or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset
           belongs.


114    3SBIO INC.
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Impairment of non-financial assets (continued)


       In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a
       headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and
       consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.


       An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing
       value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
       reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is
       charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the
       function of the impaired asset.


       An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
       recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the recoverable
       amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there
       has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount
       higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no
       impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to the
       statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises.


       Related parties


       A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


       (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person


             (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


             (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


             (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023       115
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Related parties (continued)


           or


           (b)     the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:


                   (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


                   (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of
                            the other entity);


                   (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


                   (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;


                   (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                            related to the Group; and the sponsoring employers of the post-employment benefit plan;


                   (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


                   (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                            personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and


                   (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to
                            the Group or to the parent of the Group.


           Property, plant and equipment and depreciation


           Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation
           and any impairment losses. When an item of property, plant and equipment is classified as held for sale or when it is
           part of a disposal group classified as held for sale, it is not depreciated and is accounted for in accordance with IFRS 5,
           as further explained in the accounting policy for “Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale”. The cost of an
           item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the
           asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.




116    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Property, plant and equipment and depreciation (continued)


       Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and
       maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations
       where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount
       of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced
       at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them
       accordingly.


       Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write-off the cost of each item of property, plant and equipment
       to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives used for this purpose are as follows:


       Buildings                                                                                                      10 to 25 years
       Plant and machinery                                                                                              3 to 20 years
       Furniture and fixtures                                                                                           3 to 10 years
       Motor vehicles                                                                                                   4 to 10 years


       Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated
       on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives and the
       depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.


       An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon
       disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or
       retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between
       the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.


       Construction in progress is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. It is reclassified to the
       appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023        117
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Intangible assets (other than goodwill)


           Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired
           in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed
           to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the useful economic
           life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The
           amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at
           each financial year end.


           Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the cash-
           generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life of an intangible asset with an indefinite life is
           reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the change in
           the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a prospective basis.


           Intangible assets are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the straight-line basis over their
           estimated useful lives. The principal estimated useful lives of intangible assets are as follows:


           Exclusive distribution right                                                                                       5 to 25 years
           Patents                                                                                                            5 to 20 years
           Technology know-how                                                                                               14 to 25 years
           Others                                                                                                             1 to 24 years
           In Progress Research and Development (“IPR&D”)                                                               Indefinite useful life


           Research and development costs


           All research costs are charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.


           Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group can
           demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale, its
           intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future economic benefits,
           the availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the
           development. Product development expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.


           Deferred development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised using the straight-line
           basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products, commencing from the date when the products are put into
           commercial production.

118    3SBIO INC.
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                  31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Leases


       The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a
       lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
       consideration.


       Group as a lessee


       The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and
       leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets
       representing the right to use the underlying assets.


       (a)   Right-of-use assets


             Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying asset is
             available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation and any impairment
             losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the
             amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the
             commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line
             basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:


             Leasehold land                                                                                         30 to 50 years
             Buildings                                                                                                 1 to 15 years


             If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the
             exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023          119
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Leases (continued)


           Group as a lessee (continued)


           (b)     Lease liabilities


                   Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease payments to
                   be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments)
                   less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts
                   expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of
                   a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for termination
                   of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease
                   payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the
                   event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.


                   In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
                   lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the
                   commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced
                   for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a
                   modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments
                   resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase the underlying
                   asset.


           (c)     Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets


                   The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of certain buildings (that
                   is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain
                   a purchase option). It also applies the recognition exemption for leases of low-value assets to leases of office
                   equipment that are considered to be of low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value
                   assets are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.




120    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Leases (continued)


       Group as a lessor


       When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of its leases as
       either an operating lease or a finance lease.


       Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset
       are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates
       the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is
       accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue in the statement of profit or
       loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added
       to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income.
       Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.


       Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee
       are accounted for as finance leases.


       Investments and other financial assets


       Initial recognition and measurement


       Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through
       other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.


       The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
       characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not
       contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting
       the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus in the
       case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain
       a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the
       transaction price determined under IFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023        121
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Investments and other financial assets (continued)


           Initial recognition and measurement (continued)


           In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive
           income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal
           amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through
           profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.


           The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to
           generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash
           flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held within
           a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial
           assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with
           the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the
           aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.


           Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation
           or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group commits to
           purchase or sell the asset.


           Subsequent measurement


           The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


           Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)


           Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject to
           impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified
           or impaired.




122    3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)
   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)

       Investments and other financial assets (continued)


       Subsequent measurement (continued)


       Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)


       For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign exchange revaluation
       and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in the statement of profit or loss and computed in the same
       manner as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value changes are recognised in other
       comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognised in other comprehensive
       income is recycled to the statement of profit or loss.


       Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity investments)


       Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments
       designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the definition of equity under IAS 32
       Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an instrument-by-
       instrument basis.


       Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss. Dividends are
       recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, except
       when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case,
       such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at fair value through other
       comprehensive income are not subject to impairment assessment.


       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss


       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with net
       changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


       This category includes derivative instruments and other unlisted investments. Dividends on the equity investments are
       also recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established.


       A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from the host
       and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to the host;
       a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative; and
       the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value
       with changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a
       change in the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a
       reclassification of a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.


                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023        123
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)

           Investments and other financial assets (continued)


           Subsequent measurement (continued)


           Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (continued)


           A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for separately. The
           financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its entirety as a financial asset
           at fair value through profit or loss.


           Derecognition of financial assets


           A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily
           derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:


           •       the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or


           •       the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the
                   received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either
                   (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither
                   transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.


           When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through
           arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When it
           has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset,
           the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that
           case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured
           on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.


           Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the
           original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to
           repay.




124    3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                  31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Impairment of financial assets


       The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at fair value
       through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with
       the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original
       effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit
       enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.


       General approach


       ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit
       risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within
       the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in
       credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the
       exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).


       At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly
       since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the
       financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date
       of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort,
       including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers that there has been a significant increase in
       credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.


       The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain
       cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates
       that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit
       enhancements held by the Group.


       A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023        125
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Impairment of financial assets (continued)


           General approach (continued)


           Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within
           the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables, financial assets included in prepayments,
           other receivables and other assets which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.


           Stage 1 —     Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and for
                         which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs


           Stage 2 —     Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that are
                         not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                         lifetime ECLs


           Stage 3 —     Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or originated
                         credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs


           Simplified approach


           For trade receivables and certain financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets that do
           not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the
           effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the
           simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on
           lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit
           loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.


           For trade receivables and certain financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets that
           contain a significant financing component and lease receivables, the Group chooses as its accounting policy to adopt
           the simplified approach in calculating ECLs with policies as described above.




126    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                          31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Financial liabilities


       Initial recognition and measurement


       Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and
       borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.


       All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of
       directly attributable transaction costs.


       The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and bills payables, financial liabilities included in other payables and
       accruals, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, convertible bonds, bonds payable and lease liabilities.


       Subsequent measurement


       The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:


       Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade and other payables, and borrowings)


       After initial recognition, trade and other payables, and interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently measured at
       amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which
       case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the liabilities are
       derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.


       Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are
       an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs in the
       statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023          127
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Financial liabilities (continued)


           Subsequent measurement (continued)


           Financial guarantee contracts


           Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are those contracts that require a payment to be made to reimburse
           the holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails to make a payment when due in accordance with the
           terms of a debt instrument. A financial guarantee contract is recognised initially as a liability at its fair value, adjusted for
           transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issuance of the guarantee. Subsequent to initial recognition, the
           Group measures the financial guarantee contracts at the higher of: (i) the ECL allowance determined in accordance with
           the policy as set out in “Impairment of financial assets”; and (ii) the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate,
           the cumulative amount of income recognised.


           Convertible bonds


           The component of convertible bonds that exhibits characteristics of a liability is recognised as a liability in the statement
           of financial position, net of transaction costs. On issuance of convertible bonds, the fair value of the liability component
           is determined using a market rate for an equivalent non-convertible bond; and this amount is carried as a long term
           liability on the amortised cost basis until extinguished on conversion or redemption. The remainder of the proceeds is
           allocated to the conversion option that is recognised and included in shareholders’ equity, net of transaction costs. The
           carrying amount of the conversion option is not remeasured in subsequent years. Transaction costs are apportioned
           between the liability and equity components of the convertible bonds based on the allocation of proceeds to the liability
           and equity components when the instruments are first recognised.


           Derecognition of financial liabilities


           A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.


           When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the
           terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition
           of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is
           recognised in the statement of profit or loss.




128    3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                   31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Offsetting of financial instruments


       Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial position if
       there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net
       basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.


       Treasury shares


       Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury shares) are recognised
       directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in the statement of profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or
       cancellation of the Group’s own equity instruments.


       Inventories


       Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on a weighted average basis
       and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate
       proportion of overheads. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be
       incurred to completion and disposal.


       Cash and cash equivalents


       Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks, and short-term
       highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily convertible into known amounts
       of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash
       commitments.


       For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and
       at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an
       integral part of the Group’s cash management.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023        129
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Provisions


           A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event and it is
           probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a reliable estimate can
           be made of the amount of the obligation.


           When the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, the reimbursement is recognised as a separate
           asset, but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain. The expense relating to a provision is presented in the
           statement of profit or loss net of any reimbursement.


           When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the end of
           the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The increase in the
           discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in the statement of profit
           or loss.


           Income tax


           Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is
           recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.


           Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation
           authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
           reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group
           operates.


           Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting period
           between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes, except that
           deferred tax is not recognised for the Pillar Two income taxes.




130    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Income tax (continued)


       Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:


       •     when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction
             that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor
             taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and


       •     in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
             ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the
             temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


       Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits
       and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be
       available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused
       tax losses can be utilised, except:


       •     when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial recognition of
             an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects
             neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
             temporary differences; and


       •     in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
             ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences
             will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences
             can be utilised.


       The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent
       that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to
       be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised
       to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred
       tax asset to be recovered.


       Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset
       is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by
       the end of the reporting period.



                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023        131
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Income tax (continued)


           Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off
           current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes
           levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either
           to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously,
           in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or
           recovered.


           Government grants


           Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received
           and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income
           on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.


           Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is released to the
           statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual instalments or deducted
           from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the statement of profit or loss by way of a reduced depreciation
           charge.


           Where the Group receives grants of non-monetary assets, the grants are recorded at the fair value of the non-monetary
           assets and released to the statement of profit or loss over the expected useful lives of the relevant assets by equal
           annual instalments.


           Where the Group receives government loans granted with no or at a below-market rate of interest for the construction
           of a qualifying asset, the initial carrying amount of the government loans is determined using the effective interest rate
           method, as further explained in the accounting policy for “Financial liabilities” above. The benefit of the government
           loans granted with no or at a below-market rate of interest, which is the difference between the initial carrying value of
           the loans and the proceeds received, is treated as a government grant and released to the statement of profit or loss
           over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual instalments.




132    3SBIO INC.
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                              31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Revenue recognition


       Revenue from contracts with customers


       Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the customers
       at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
       services.


       When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to which
       the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable consideration
       is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the
       amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration
       is subsequently resolved.


       When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of financing
       the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the present value of
       the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction
       between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component which
       provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract
       includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract
       where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year
       or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical
       expedient in IFRS 15.


       (a)   Sale of biopharmaceutical products


             Revenue from the sale of biopharmaceutical products is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is
             transferred to the customer, generally upon receipt of the biopharmaceutical products by customers.


             Some contracts for the sale of biopharmaceutical products provide customers with rights of return and trade
             discounts, giving rise to variable consideration.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023       133
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Revenue recognition (continued)


           Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)


           (a)     Sale of biopharmaceutical products (continued)


                   (i)    Rights of return


                          For contracts which provide a customer with a right to return the goods within a specified period, the
                          expected value method is used to estimate the goods that will not be returned because this method best
                          predicts the amount of variable consideration to which the Group will be entitled. The requirements in
                          IFRS 15 on constraining estimates of variable consideration are applied in order to determine the amount
                          of variable consideration that can be included in the transaction price. For goods that are expected to be
                          returned, instead of revenue, a refund liability is recognised. A right-of-return asset (and the corresponding
                          adjustment to cost of sales) is also recognised for the right to recover products from a customer.


                   (ii)   Trade discounts


                          Retrospective trade discounts may be provided to certain customers if they pay on a timely basis. Trade
                          discounts are offset against amounts payable by the customer. To estimate the variable consideration for
                          the expected future trade discounts, the most likely amount method is used for contracts with the expected
                          value method for contracts. The selected method that best predicts the amount of variable consideration
                          is primarily driven by the credit of customers. The requirements on constraining estimates of variable
                          consideration are applied and a refund liability for the expected future rebates is recognised.


           (b)     Contracts for services


                   Revenue from the provision of technical services is recognised over time, using an input method to measure
                   progress towards complete satisfaction of the service. The input method recognises revenue based on the
                   proportion of the actual costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs for satisfaction of the services.




134    3SBIO INC.
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                              31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Revenue recognition (continued)


       Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)


       (c)   Licensing revenue


             The Group provides licences of its IP or commercialisation licences to customers and the revenue is recognised
             when the customers obtain rights to use the underlying IP or licences. Licensing revenue is recognised at a point
             of time upon the customer obtains control of IP.


             The consideration for licences comprises a fixed element (the upfront payment) and variable elements (including
             development milestones and royalties).


             The Group would not undertake activities which significantly affect the licences. Thus, the customers get a right
             to use the licences and the revenue is recognised at a point in time. Upfront payment is recognised as revenue
             when customers have ability to use the underlying IP or licences and the variable elements are included in the
             transaction price when the Group can conclude that it is highly probable that there will not be a significant
             reversal of revenue.


       Revenue from other sources


       Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease payments that do not
       depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are incurred.


       Other income


       Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that exactly
       discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, when
       appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


       Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is probable
       that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be
       measured reliably.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023       135
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Contract assets


           If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before being unconditionally entitled to the
           consideration under the contract terms, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is conditional.
           Contract assets are subject to impairment assessment, details of which are included in the accounting policies for
           impairment of financial assets. They are reclassified to trade receivables when the right to the consideration becomes
           unconditional.


           Contract liabilities


           A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received, or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a customer
           before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group
           performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the customer).


           Contract costs


           Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, costs
           incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are met:


           (a)     The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify.


           (b)     The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy)
                   performance obligations in the future.


           (c)     The costs are expected to be recovered.


           The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to the statement of profit or loss on a systematic basis that
           is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates. Other contract costs
           are expensed as incurred.




136    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                   31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Right-of-return assets


       A right-of-return asset is recognised for the right to recover the goods expected to be returned by customers. The asset
       is measured at the former carrying amount of the goods to be returned, less any expected costs to recover the goods
       and any potential decreases in the value of the returned goods. The Group updates the measurement of the asset for
       any revisions to the expected level of returns and any additional decreases in the value of the returned goods.


       Refund liabilities


       A refund liability is recognised for the obligation to refund some or all of the consideration received (or receivable) from a
       customer and is measured at the amount the Group ultimately expects it will have to return to the customer. The Group
       updates its estimates of refund liabilities (and the corresponding change in the transaction price) at the end of each
       reporting period.


       Share-based payments


       The Company operates a share option scheme. Employees (including directors) of the Group receive remuneration in
       the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services in exchange for equity instruments (“equity-
       settled transactions”).The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value
       of the equity instruments at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external valuer using
       a binomial model, further details of which are given in note 36 to the financial statements.


       The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with a corresponding
       increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled. The cumulative
       expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting period until the vesting date reflects the
       extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that
       will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the statement of profit or loss for a period represents the movement in the
       cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023        137
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Share-based payments (continued)


           Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair
           value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best estimate of the
           number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are reflected within the grant date
           fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an associated service requirement, are considered to
           be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an immediate
           expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or performance conditions.


           For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not been met,
           no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the transactions are treated as
           vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and/
           or service conditions are satisfied.


           Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the terms had
           not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognised for any modification
           that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured
           at the date of modification. Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of
           cancellation, and any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately.


           The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of earnings per
           share.




138    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                               31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Other employee benefits


       Pension scheme


       The Group’s subsidiaries operating in Chinese Mainland participate in a central defined contribution retirement benefit
       plan managed by the local municipal government in the locations in which they operate. Contributions are made based
       on a percentage of the companies’ payroll costs and are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become
       payable in accordance with the rules of the central defined contribution retirement benefit plan.


       The Group’s subsidiary in Hong Kong participates in the defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement
       benefit scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) in Hong Kong under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for its
       employees. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are charged to the
       statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the
       MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund.


       Defined benefit plan


       The Group operates a defined benefit pension plan which requires contributions to be made to a separately
       administered fund. The benefits are unfunded. The cost of providing benefits under the defined benefit plan is
       determined using the projected unit credit actuarial valuation method.


       Remeasurements arising from the defined benefit pension plan, comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of
       the asset ceiling (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability) and the return on plan
       assets (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability), are recognised immediately in
       the consolidated statement of financial position with a corresponding debit or credit to retained profits through other
       comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in
       subsequent periods.


       Past service costs are recognised in profit or loss at the earlier of:


       •      the date of the plan amendment or curtailment; and


       •      the date that the Group recognises restructuring-related costs




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023      139
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Other employee benefits (continued)


           Defined benefit plan (continued)


           Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or asset. The Group recognises
           the following changes in the net defined benefit obligation under “cost of sales” and “administrative expenses” in the
           consolidated statement of profit or loss by function:


           •       service costs comprising current service costs, past-service costs, gains and losses on curtailments and non-
                   routine settlements


           •       net interest expense or income


           Termination benefits


           Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits
           and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.


           Borrowing costs


           Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, i.e., assets that
           necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised as part of the
           cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases when the assets are substantially ready for their
           intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs
           consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.


           Dividends


           Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting. Proposed
           final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and
           declared, because the Company’s memorandum and articles of association grant the directors the authority to declare
           interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and
           declared.




140    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

   2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


       Foreign currencies


       These financial statements are presented in RMB. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and
       items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency
       transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency
       rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
       translated at the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on
       settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


       Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in the statement of profit or loss with
       the exception of monetary items that are designated as part of the hedge of the Group’s net investment of a foreign
       operation. These are recognised in other comprehensive income until the net investment is disposed of, at which time
       the cumulative amount is reclassified to the statement of profit or loss. Tax charges and credits attributable to exchange
       differences on those monetary items are also recorded in other comprehensive income.


       Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
       exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency
       are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising on
       translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on
       change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other
       comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).


       In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the derecognition of
       a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date of initial transaction is the
       date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance
       consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each
       payment or receipt of the advance consideration.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023        141
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




2. Accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)


           Foreign currencies (continued)


           The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries and associates are currencies other than the RMB. As at
           the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into RMB at the exchange
           rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the
           exchange rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions.


           The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the exchange
           fluctuation reserve, except to the extent that the differences are attributable to non-controlling interests. On disposal of
           a foreign operation, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the
           statement of profit or loss.


           Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of
           assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at
           the closing rate.


           For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are translated
           into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows of overseas
           subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for the
           year.




142    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                   31 December 2023




3. Significant accounting judgements and estimates

   The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions
   that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the
   disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could
   require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.


   Judgements


   In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart from
   those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:


   Revenue from contracts with customers


   The Group applied the following judgements that significantly affect the determination of the amount and timing of revenue
   from contracts with customers:


   Determining the method to estimate variable consideration and assessing the constraint for the sale of
   biopharmaceutical products


   Certain contracts for the sale of biopharmaceutical products include a right of return and trade discounts that give rise to
   variable consideration. In estimating the variable consideration, the Group is required to use either the expected value method
   or the most likely amount method based on which method better predicts the amount of consideration to which it will be
   entitled.


   The Group determined that the expected value method is the appropriate method to use in estimating the variable
   consideration for the sale of biopharmaceutical products with rights of return, given the large number of customer contracts
   that have similar characteristics. In estimating the variable consideration for the sale of biopharmaceutical products with trade
   discounts, the Group determined that using a combination of the most likely amount method and the expected value method
   is appropriate. The selected method that better predicts the amount of variable consideration related to trade discounts is
   primarily driven by the credit of customers contained in the contract.


   Before including any amount of variable consideration in the transaction price, the Group considers whether the amount of
   variable consideration is constrained. The Group determined that the estimates of variable consideration are not constrained
   based on its historical experience, business forecast and the current economic conditions. In addition, the uncertainty on the
   variable consideration will be resolved within a short time frame.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023     143
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




3. Significant accounting judgements and estimates (continued)

      Judgements (continued)


      Tax provisions


      Determining tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The Group carefully
      evaluates tax implications of transactions, and tax provisions are set up accordingly. The tax treatment of such transactions is
      assessed periodically to take into account all the changes in the tax legislation and practices.


      Determination of control over an entity


      The Group considers that it has no control over an entity even through it has more than 50% of the voting rights. Based on
      the assessment following the basis of consolidation and accounting policies set out in notes 2.1 and 2.4, respectively, the
      Group has not consolidated an entity that it has no control. For the investment that the Group has significant influence, it is
      accounted for as an associate in accordance with IAS 28 Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures.


      Estimation uncertainty


      The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period,
      that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
      financial year, are described below.


      Variable consideration for returns and trade discounts


      The Group estimates variable consideration to be included in the transaction price for the sale of biopharmaceutical products
      with rights of return and trade discounts.


      The Group has developed a statistical model for forecasting sales returns. The model used the historical return data of each
      product to come up with expected return percentages. These percentages are applied to determine the expected value of
      the variable consideration. Any significant changes in experience as compared to the historical return pattern will impact the
      expected return percentages estimated by the Group.




144    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2023




3. Significant accounting judgements and estimates (continued)

   Estimation uncertainty (continued)


   Impairment of goodwill


   The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of the value in
   use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use requires the Group to make an
   estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash-generating units and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order
   to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at 31 December 2023 was approximately
   RMB4,199,458,000 (2022: RMB4,140,061,000). Further details are given in note 16 to the financial statements.


   Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables, prepayments, other receivables and other assets


   The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables, prepayments, other receivables and other assets.
   The provision rates are based on ageing for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by
   customer type and rating).


   The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate the matrix to
   adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if forecast economic conditions (i.e.,
   gross domestic products) are expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in
   the manufacturing sector, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates
   are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.


   The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is a
   significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast economic conditions. The
   Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of a customer’s
   actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade receivables is disclosed in note 23 to the
   financial statements.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023       145
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




3. Significant accounting judgements and estimates (continued)

      Estimation uncertainty (continued)


      Leases — Estimating the incremental borrowing rate


      The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an incremental borrowing rate
      (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar
      term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar
      economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the Group “would have to pay”, which requires estimation when
      no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or when it needs to
      be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease (for example, when leases are not in the subsidiary’s functional
      currency). The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required
      to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary’s stand-alone credit rating).


      Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)


      The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at the end of each reporting
      period. Indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually and at other times when such an indicator exists.
      Other non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be
      recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable
      amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The calculation of the fair value less
      costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales transactions in an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or
      observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. When value in use calculations are undertaken,
      management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the asset or cash-generating unit and choose a suitable
      discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.


      Deferred tax assets


      Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available
      against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred
      tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax
      planning strategies. Further details are contained in note 21 to the financial statements.




146    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                  31 December 2023




3. Significant accounting judgements and estimates (continued)

   Estimation uncertainty (continued)


   Fair value of unlisted equity investments


   The unlisted equity investments have been valued based on a market-based valuation technique as detailed in note 45 to the
   financial statements. The valuation requires the Group to determine the comparable public companies (peers) and select the
   price multiple. In addition, the Group makes estimates about the discount for illiquidity. The Group classifies the fair value of
   these investments as Level 3. The fair value of the unlisted equity investments at 31 December 2023 was RMB417,591,000
   (2022: RMB419,815,000). Further details are included in note 20 to the financial statements.


   Development costs


   Development costs are capitalised in accordance with the accounting policy for research and development costs in note 2.4
   to the financial statements. Determining the amounts to be capitalised requires management to make assumptions regarding
   the expected future cash generation of the assets, discount rates to be applied and the expected period of benefits. At 31
   December 2023, the best estimate of the carrying amount of capitalised development costs was RMB159,171,000 (2022:
   RMB149,245,000).


   Estimation of inventory provision


   The Group recognises a provision for inventories when the cost of inventories exceeds the net realisable value. The assessment
   of inventory provision requires management estimates on the future selling price and future cost to be incurred on the
   inventories. Where the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the original estimate, such differences will
   impact on the carrying value of inventories and provision charge/write-back of provision. The Group also reviews the condition
   of the inventories of the Group and makes provision for obsolete inventory items identified that were no longer suitable for
   sale.


   Share-based payments


   The Group measures the cost of equity-settled transactions with employees by reference to the fair value of the equity
   instruments at the date at which they are granted. Estimating fair value requires determining the most appropriate valuation
   model for a grant of equity instruments, which is dependent on the terms and conditions of the grant. This also requires
   determining the most appropriate inputs to the valuation model including the expected life of the option, volatility and dividend
   yield and making assumptions about them. Details of share-based payments are contained in note 36 to the financial
   statements.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023       147
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




3. Significant accounting judgements and estimates (continued)

      Estimation uncertainty (continued)


      Useful lives, residual values and depreciation of property, plant and equipment


      The Group determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for the Group’s property, plant and
      equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment of
      similar nature and functions. The Group will revise the depreciation charges where useful lives are different to those previously
      estimated, or it will write-off or write-down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.
      Actual economic lives may differ from estimated useful lives; and actual residual values may differ from estimated residual
      values. Periodic review could result in a change in depreciable lives and residual values and therefore depreciation expenses
      in the future periods.


      Useful lives and residual values of other intangible assets


      The Group’s management determines the useful lives, residual values and related amortisation charges for its other intangible
      assets. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of other intangible assets of similar nature
      and functions and may vary significantly as a result of technical innovations and keen competitions from competitors, resulting
      in higher amortisation charge and/or write-off or write-down of technically obsolete assets when useful lives are less than
      previously estimated. The Group will increase the amortisation charges where useful lives are less than previously estimated
      lives, or will write-off or write-down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.




148    3SBIO INC.
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                              31 December 2023




4. Operating segment information

   The Group has only one operating segment, which is the development, production, marketing and sale of biopharmaceutical
   products.


   Geographical information


   (a)   Revenue from external customers


                                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                   (Restated)


          Chinese Mainland                                                                      7,598,511          6,656,983
          Others                                                                                  217,427            208,752


          Total revenue                                                                         7,815,938          6,865,735


         The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.


   (b)   Non-current assets


                                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                   (Restated)


          Chinese Mainland                                                                      9,371,178          9,218,841
          Others                                                                                2,249,492          2,180,669


          Total non-current assets                                                            11,620,670         11,399,510


         The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes financial instruments and
         deferred tax assets.


   Information about major customers


   The Group’s customer base is diversified and no revenue from transactions with a significant customer accounted for 10% or
   more of the Group’s total revenue during the year.


                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023       149
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




5. Revenue, other income and gains
      An analysis of revenue is as follows:


                                                                              2023        2022
                                                                          RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                      (Restated)


       Revenue from contracts with customers
       Sale of biopharmaceuticals                                         7,641,957   6,699,860
       Contract development and manufacturing operation business           173,981     165,875


       Total revenue                                                      7,815,938   6,865,735


      Revenue from contracts with customers


      (a)   Disaggregated revenue information


                                                                              2023        2022
                                                                          RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                      (Restated)


              Types of goods or services
              Sale of biopharmaceuticals                                  7,641,957   6,699,860
              Contract development and manufacturing operation business    173,981     165,875


              Total revenue from contracts with customers                 7,815,938   6,865,735


              Geographical markets
              Chinese Mainland                                            7,598,511   6,656,983
              Others                                                       217,427     208,752


              Total revenue from contracts with customers                 7,815,938   6,865,735


              Timing of revenue recognition
              Goods transferred at a point in time                        7,641,957   6,699,860
              Services transferred at a point in time                      173,981     165,875


              Total revenue from contracts with customers                 7,815,938   6,865,735

150    3SBIO INC.
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                              31 December 2023




5. Revenue, other income and gains (continued)

   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)


   (a)   Disaggregated revenue information (continued)


         The following table shows the amount of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that was included in the
         contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period and recognised from performance obligations satisfied in
         previous periods:


                                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                   (Restated)


          Revenue recognised that was included in contract
            liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:
          Sale of biopharmaceuticals                                                               37,552             20,539


   (b)   Performance obligations


         Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:


         Sale of biopharmaceuticals


         The performance obligation is satisfied upon receipt of the biopharmaceutical products by customers and payment is
         generally due within 30 to 90 days from reception, except for new customers, where payment in advance is normally
         required. Some contracts provide customers with a right of return and trade discounts which give rise to variable
         consideration subject to constraint.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023       151
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




5. Revenue, other income and gains (continued)
      Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

      (b)   Performance obligations (continued)


            Contract development and manufacturing operation business


            The performance obligation is satisfied upon receipt of the technical services by customers or over time as services are
            rendered and payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days from reception, except for new customers, where payment
            in advance is normally required.


                                                                                                                                     2023                     2022
                                                                                                                               RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                                                                       (Restated)


              Other income
              Government grants related to
                  — Assets (a)                                                                                                    22,756                   30,648
                  — Income (b)                                                                                                    61,149                   42,823
              Interest income                                                                                                    153,124                  149,487
              Others                                                                                                              19,765                     9,563


              Total other income                                                                                                 256,794                  232,521


              Gains
              Gain on repurchase of convertible bonds                                                                             48,268                     1,284
              Gain on deemed disposal of an associate                                                                                    —                   3,485
              Foreign exchange differences, net                                                                                          —                274,644
              Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                  —                237,983


              Total gains                                                                                                         48,268                  517,396


              Total other income and gains                                                                                       305,062                  749,917


            Notes:


            (a)      The Group has received certain government grants to purchase items of property, plant and equipment. The grants are initially recorded as deferred
                     income and are amortised against the depreciation charge of the underlying property, plant and equipment in accordance with the assets’ estimated
                     useful lives (note 29).


            (b)      The government grants have been received for the Group’s contribution to the development of the local pharmaceutical industry. There are no
                     unfulfilled conditions or contingencies attaching to these grants.



152    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                                31 December 2023




6. Profit before tax
   The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                                                                       2023              2022
                                                                                                           Notes                 RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                                                    (Restated)


       Cost of inventories sold                                                                                                 1,029,861           1,061,663
       Cost of service provided                                                                                                    144,437            132,498
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                         14                    211,283            186,845
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                 15(a)                    19,692             20,613
       Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                               17                    103,873            162,319
       Amortisation of long-term deferred expenses                                                                                  16,614             12,446
       Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                                 15(c)                      8,437              4,346
       Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                                         8,301              8,411


       Employee benefit expenses (excluding directors’ and
         chief executive’s remuneration):
         Wages, salaries and staff welfare                                                                                      1,125,939           1,099,976
         Equity-settled compensation expenses                                                                                        (4,656)           10,738
         Pension scheme contributions*                                                                                              95,094             86,384
         Social welfare and other costs                                                                                            239,236            136,843


       Total                                                                                                                    1,455,613           1,333,941


       Other expenses:
       Donation                                                                                                                     21,629             22,180
       Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                                                                     1,877              4,329
       (Reversal of provision)/provision for impairment of trade receivables                                 23                    (14,670)              7,626
       (Reversal of provision)/provision for impairment of prepayments,
         other receivables and other assets                                                                  24                    (10,502)            43,531
       Provision for impairment of other intangible assets                                                   17                            —          186,019
       Provision for impairment of investment in an associate                                                19                            —           60,039
       Foreign exchange differences, net                                                                                            71,934                  —
       Fair value losses on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                  358,548                  —
       Others                                                                                                                       15,492             13,404


       Total                                                                                                                       444,308            337,128


   *        There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023       153
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




7. Finance costs
      An analysis of finance costs is as follows:


                                                                                                           2023                2022
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                          (Restated)


       Interest on bank borrowings                                                                      159,546              46,327
       Interest on bonds payable                                                                         25,606                   —
       Interest on convertible bonds                                                                     23,885              54,649
       Interest on lease liabilities                                                                      3,259               1,772


       Total                                                                                            212,296            102,748



8. Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration
      Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c)
      and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of
      Directors) Regulation, is as follows:


                                                                                                           2023                2022
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000


       Fees                                                                                               5,496               5,006


       Other emoluments:
          Salaries, allowances, bonuses and other benefits                                                2,133               1,871
          Pension scheme contributions                                                                      508                 479


       Subtotal                                                                                           2,641               2,350


       Total fees and other emoluments                                                                    8,137               7,356


      On 2 February 2017, certain directors were granted share options, in respect of their services to the Group, under the share
      option scheme of the Company, further details of which are set out in note 34 to the financial statements. The fair value of
      such options, which has been recognised in the statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, was determined as at
      the date of grant and the amount included in the financial statements for 2021 is included in the above directors’ and chief
      executive’s remuneration disclosures.


154    3SBIO INC.
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                             31 December 2023




8. Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration (continued)

   (a)   Independent non-executive directors


         The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:


                                                                                                    2023                  2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


               Ms. YANG, Hoi Ti Heidi                                                                270                  258
               Mr. PU Tianruo                                                                        270                  258
               Dr. Wong Lap Yan (i)                                                                    —                   14
               Mr. NG, Joo Yeow Gerry                                                                270                  244
               Dr. Zhang Dan                                                                         270                    —


               Total                                                                               1,080                  774


         (i)       Dr. Wong Lap Yan resigned on 21 January 2022.



         There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year (2022: Nil).




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023        155
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




8. Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration (continued)

      (b)   Executive director, non-executive director and the chief executive


                                                            Salaries,
                                                         allowances,    Equity-settled        Pension
                                                        bonuses and     compensation          scheme
                                               Fees    other benefits       expenses     contributions      Total
                                            RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000


             2023
             Chief executive
               Dr. Jing Lou (i)                3,194           1,281               —              421      4,896


             Executive director
               Ms. Dongmei Su                   526              852               —               87      1,465


             Non-executive director
               Mr. Bin Huang                    696               —                —               —         696


             Total                             4,416           2,133               —              508      7,057




156    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                                     31 December 2023




8. Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration (continued)

   (b)   Executive director, non-executive director and the chief executive (continued)


                                                                                           Salaries,
                                                                                       allowances,         Equity-settled              Pension
                                                                                     bonuses and          compensation                 scheme
                                                                         Fees        other benefits            expenses           contributions                Total
                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000


               2022
               Chief executive
                 Dr. Jing Lou (i)                                       3,048                 1,032                     —                   397               4,477


               Executive director
                 Ms. Dongmei Su                                           488                   839                     —                     82              1,409


               Non-executive director
                 Mr. Bin Huang                                            696                     —                     —                     —                 696


               Total                                                    4,232                 1,871                     —                   479               6,582


         (i)           Dr. Jing Lou who acts as the chief executive and the president of the Company is also an executive director of the Company.



         There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any remuneration
         during the year.




                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023           157
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




9. Five highest paid employees

      The five highest paid employees during the year included the chief executive and executive director (2022: the chief executive),
      details of whose remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining three (2022:
      four) highest paid employees who are neither directors nor chief executives of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                                            2023                2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


       Salaries, allowances, bonuses and other benefits                                                    4,331               7,654
       Pension scheme contributions                                                                          430                 533


       Total                                                                                               4,761               8,187


      The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following
      bands is as follows:


                                                                                                      Number of employees
                                                                                                            2023                2022


       HKD1,500,001 to HKD2,000,000                                                                             2                   2
       HKD2,000,001 to HKD2,500,000                                                                             1                  —
       HKD2,500,001 to HKD3,000,000                                                                            —                    1
       HKD3,000,001 to HKD3,500,000                                                                            —                   —
       HKD3,500,001 to HKD4,000,000                                                                            —                   —
       HKD4,500,001 to HKD5,000,000                                                                            —                    1
       HKD5,000,001 to HKD5,500,000                                                                            —                   —


       Total                                                                                                    3                   4




158    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                      31 December 2023




10. Pension scheme

   The Company’s subsidiaries registered in the PRC and Italy are required to participate in the retirement benefit schemes
   operated by the relevant local government authorities in Chinese Mainland and Italy. The relevant local government authorities
   in Chinese Mainland and Italy are responsible for the pension liabilities payable to retired employees. The Group was required
   to make contributions for those employees who are registered as permanent residents in Chinese Mainland and Italy within
   the scope of the relevant PRC and Italy regulations at 14% to 16% and 30% (2022: 14% to 16% and 30%) of the employees’
   salaries for the year, respectively.


   The Company’s subsidiary in Hong Kong also operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF scheme”) under the
   Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for employees employed under the jurisdiction of the Hong Kong
   Employment Ordinance and not previously covered by the defined benefit retirement plan. The MPF scheme is a defined
   contribution retirement plan administered by independent trustees. Under the MPF scheme, the employer and its employees
   are each required to make contributions to the plan at 5% of the employees’ relevant income, subject to a cap of monthly
   relevant income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the plan vest immediately, there is no forfeited contributions that may be used
   by the Group to reduce the existing level of contribution.


   The Group’s contributions to the retirement benefit schemes for the year ended 31 December 2023 amounted to
   approximately RMB95,524,000 (2022: RMB86,863,000 (restated)).



11. Income tax

   The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in which members
   of the Group are domiciled and operate.


   Pursuant to the relevant rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”), the Company and
   the subsidiaries of the Group incorporated therein are not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands and the BVI.


   No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made during the year as the Group had no assessable profits arising in Hong
   Kong.


   Under the relevant PRC income tax law, except for Shenyang Sunshine, Sciprogen, Sunshine Mandi, NERC and Sunshine
   Guojian which enjoy certain preferential treatment available to the Group, the PRC subsidiaries of the Group are subject to
   income tax at a rate of 25% on their respective taxable income.


   Shenyang Sunshine, Sciprogen, Sunshine Mandi, NERC and Sunshine Guojian are qualified as High and New Technology
   Enterprises and are entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15%. In accordance with relevant Italian tax regulations, Sirton is
   subject to income tax at a rate of 27.9% (2022: 27.9%).




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023        159
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




11. Income tax (continued)
      Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign investors
      from the foreign investment enterprises established in Chinese Mainland. The requirement became effective on 1 January
      2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. A lower withholding tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty
      between the PRC and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors.


      An analysis of the provision for tax in the financial statements is as follows:


                                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (Restated)


       Current                                                                                       391,672            384,548
       Deferred                                                                                          495            (13,811)


       Total tax charge for the year                                                                 392,167            370,737


      A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax using the statutory rate for Chinese Mainland to the tax
      expense at the effective tax rate is as follows:


                                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (Restated)


       Profit before tax                                                                           1,978,459          2,279,596


       At the PRC’s statutory income tax rate of 25%                                                 494,615            569,900
       Preferential income tax rates applicable to subsidiaries                                     (219,026)          (243,878)
       Additional deductible allowance for research and development expenses                         (98,590)           (71,226)
       Income not subject to tax                                                                      (3,558)             (4,135)
       Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous periods                                      15,018              5,663
       Effect of non-deductible expenses                                                              42,602              9,232
       Tax losses utilised from previous periods                                                           —            (12,152)
       Tax losses not recognised                                                                      94,776            112,761
       Others                                                                                         66,330              4,572


       Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                                      392,167            370,737


      The effective tax rate of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 was 19.8% (2022: 16.3%).



160    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2023




11. Income tax (continued)

   Pillar Two income taxes

   As stated in note 2.2(d), the Group has applied the mandatory exception to recognising and disclosing information about
   deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from Pillar Two income taxes, and will account for the Pillar Two income taxes as
   current tax when incurred. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or substantively enacted in certain jurisdictions in which the
   Group operates, and the legislation will be effective for the Group’s financial year beginning 1 January 2024.


   The Group is in the process of assessing the potential exposure arising from Pillar Two legislation based on the information
   available for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. Based on the assessment carried out so far, the Group has
   identified certain countries where the Pillar Two effective tax rates are likely to be lower than 15%. Quantitative information to
   indicate potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes is currently not known or reasonably estimable.


12. Dividends
                                                                                                          2023                2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


    Proposed 2021 final — HKD20 cents per ordinary share                                                     —            417,140


    Proposed 2022 final — HKD10 cents per ordinary share                                                224,883                 —


   A final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 of HKD10 cents per share was proposed pursuant to a
   resolution passed by the Board on 21 March 2023 and subject to the approval of the shareholders at the 2023 annual general
   meeting. The aforementioned dividend had been paid to the shareholders of Company in July 2023.


13. Earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of the
    parent
   The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity
   holders of the parent and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 2,438,916,302 (2022: 2,444,078,746) in issue
   during the year, as adjusted to reflect the issue of ordinary shares during the year.


   The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity
   holders of the parent, adjusted to reflect the interest on the convertible bonds. The weighted average number of ordinary
   shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares in issue during the year, as used in the basic earnings per
   share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued at no consideration on
   the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.


                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023      161
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




13. Earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of the
    parent (continued)

      The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:


                                                                                                 2023             2022
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                              (Restated)


       Earnings
       Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
         used in the basic earnings per share calculation:                                  1,549,239        1,915,727
       Interest on convertible bonds                                                           23,885            54,649
       Less: Gain on repurchase of convertible bonds                                           (48,268)          (1,284)


       Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent before interest on
         convertible bonds and gain on repurchase of convertible bonds                      1,524,856        1,969,092


                                                                                              Number of shares
                                                                                                 2023             2022


       Shares
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year used
         in the basic earnings per share calculation                                     2,438,916,302    2,444,078,746


       Effect of dilution — weighted average number of ordinary shares:
         Share options                                                                              —                —
         Awarded shares                                                                     2,750,000       12,635,448
         Convertible bonds                                                                          —      191,494,580


       Total                                                                             2,441,666,302    2,648,208,774




162    3SBIO INC.
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                   31 December 2023




14. Property, plant and equipment
   2023


                                        Land and       Plant and       Furniture          Motor     Construction
                                        buildings     Machinery      and fixtures       vehicles     in progress             Total
                                        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000


    At 31 December 2022 and
       at 1 January 2023 (restated):
    Cost                                1,057,084      1,680,972         312,810         15,848        2,476,630        5,543,344
    Accumulated depreciation             (376,930)       (815,931)      (226,764)        (10,044)             —         (1,429,669)


    Net carrying amount                   680,154        865,041          86,046           5,804       2,476,630        4,113,675


    At 1 January 2023, net of
       accumulated depreciation           680,154        865,041          86,046           5,804       2,476,630        4,113,675
    Additions                                  66        125,187          28,817            700          643,239          798,009
    Disposals                                  —          (11,117)         (6,141)            —               —            (17,258)
    Depreciation provided during
       the year                           (59,436)       (112,219)       (37,797)         (1,831)             —          (211,283)
    Transfers                             361,080        211,792          13,359             14         (586,245)               —
    Exchange realignment                    2,046           6,582            241             13             127              9,009


    At 31 December 2023, net of
       accumulated depreciation           983,910      1,085,266          84,525           4,700       2,533,751        4,692,152


    At 31 December 2023
    Cost                                1,421,139      2,002,417         335,703         16,249        2,533,751        6,309,259
    Accumulated depreciation             (437,229)       (917,151)      (251,178)        (11,549)             —         (1,617,107)


    Net carrying amount                   983,910      1,085,266          84,525           4,700       2,533,751        4,692,152


   A freehold land with a carrying amount of approximately RMB2,748,000 as at 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB2,595,000) is
   situated in Italy.


   The Group is in the process of applying for the title certificates of certain of its buildings with an aggregate book value of
   approximately RMB40,218,000 as at 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB13,076,000). The directors are of the view that the
   Group is entitled to lawfully and validly occupy and use the above-mentioned buildings. The directors are also of the opinion
   that the aforesaid matter did not have any significant impact on the Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2023.



                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023        163
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




14. Property, plant and equipment (continued)
      At 31 December 2023, certain of the Group’s construction in progress, freehold land and buildings, which had aggregate
      carrying amounts of approximately RMB1,083,345,000 (2022: RMB1,071,168,000), RMB2,748,000 (2022: RMB2,595,000)
      and RMB90,680,000 (2022: RMB91,668,000), respectively, were pledged to secure general banking facilities granted to the
      Group (note 30).


      The Group leases certain buildings to independent third parties under operating lease arrangements, with lease terms ranging
      from two to three years (2022: one to two years) (note 15).


      2022


                                            Land and        Plant and     Furniture         Motor     Construction
                                             buildings     Machinery    and fixtures      vehicles     in progress          Total
                                            RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                                       (Restated)


       At 31 December 2021 and
         at 1 January 2022:
       Cost                                1,030,470       1,399,987       285,541         13,998       2,000,911      4,730,907
       Accumulated depreciation             (325,439)       (724,256)     (200,305)        (10,629)             —     (1,260,629)


       Net carrying amount                   705,031         675,731        85,236          3,369       2,000,911      3,470,278


       At 1 January 2022, net of
         accumulated depreciation            705,031         675,731        85,236          3,369       2,000,911      3,470,278
       Additions                                   28         31,443        25,083          2,962         771,238        830,754
       Disposals                                    (6)       (3,186)        (1,182)          (367)             —         (4,741)
       Depreciation provided during the
         year                                 (52,757)      (100,104)       (32,874)        (1,110)             —       (186,845)
       Transfers                              26,472         256,204         9,659            938        (293,273)            —
       Exchange realignment                     1,386          4,953           124             12           (2,246)        4,229


       At 31 December 2022, net of
         accumulated depreciation            680,154         865,041        86,046          5,804       2,476,630      4,113,675


       At 31 December 2022
       Cost                                1,057,084       1,680,972       312,810         15,848       2,476,630      5,543,344
       Accumulated depreciation             (376,930)       (815,931)     (226,764)        (10,044)             —     (1,429,669)


       Net carrying amount                   680,154         865,041        86,046          5,804       2,476,630      4,113,675


164    3SBIO INC.
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                              31 December 2023




15. Leases

   The Group as a lessee


   The Group has lease contracts for certain land and buildings. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire the lease
   land from the owners with lease periods of 30 to 50 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these
   land leases. Some of the leased office equipment have lease terms of 12 months or less and/or are individually of low value.
   Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets outside the Group.


   (a)   Right-of-use assets


         The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                       Leasehold land            Buildings              Total
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000


          As at 1 January 2022 (restated)                                      353,732              42,939            396,671
          Additions                                                                  —              13,454             13,454
          Depreciation charge                                                    (9,737)           (10,876)           (20,613)
          Gain on termination of a lease                                             —                (892)              (892)


          As at 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                            343,995              44,625            388,620
          Additions                                                                  —               6,678              6,678
          Depreciation charge                                                    (9,737)            (9,955)           (19,692)


          As at 31 December 2023                                               334,258              41,348            375,606


         At 31 December 2023, certain of the Group’s leasehold land, which had aggregate carrying amounts of approximately
         RMB29,633,000 (2022: RMB45,022,000) was pledged to secure general banking facilities granted to the Group
         (note 30).




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023      165
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




15. Leases (continued)

      The Group as a lessee (continued)


      (b)   Lease liabilities


            The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                                 2023         2022
                                                                                                              RMB’000     RMB’000


             Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                      39,821       42,944
             New leases                                                                                         6,678       13,454
             Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                                   3,259         1,772
             Payments                                                                                          (12,210)     (16,727)
             Gain on termination of a lease                                                                         —        (1,622)


             Carrying amount at 31 December                                                                    37,548       39,821


             Analysed into:
             Current portion                                                                                    9,735       12,234
             Non-current portion                                                                               27,813       27,587


            The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 46 to the financial statements.


      (c)   The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:


                                                                                                                 2023         2022
                                                                                                              RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                                                          (Restated)


             Interest on lease liabilities                                                                      3,259         1,772
             Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                        19,692       20,613
             Expense relating to short-term leases (included in administrative expenses)                        8,428         4,284
             Expense relating to leases of low-value assets (included in administrative
                expenses)                                                                                            9           62


             Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                                         31,388       26,731


166    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                 31 December 2023




15. Leases (continued)

   The Group as a lessor


   The Group leases a portion of its buildings in Shanghai under operating lease arrangements. The terms of the leases generally
   require the tenants to pay security deposits. The terms of the leases generally require the tenants to pay security deposits and
   provide for periodic rent adjustments according to the then prevailing market conditions. Rental income recognised by the
   Group during the year was RMB4,380,000 (2022: RMB1,314,000).


   At 31 December 2023, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under non-cancellable
   operating leases with its tenants are as follows:


                                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


    Within one year                                                                                    1,074               2,366
    After one year but within two years                                                                  914                 140
    After three years                                                                                    228                   —


    Total                                                                                              2,216               2,506




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023       167
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




16. Goodwill
                                                                                                                          RMB’000


       Cost at 1 January 2022                                                                                            3,843,883
       Exchange realignment                                                                                                296,178


       Cost and net carrying amount at 31 December 2022                                                                  4,140,061


       Cost at 1 January 2023                                                                                            4,140,061
       Exchange realignment                                                                                                  59,397


       Cost and net carrying amount at 31 December 2023                                                                  4,199,458


       At 31 December 2023:
         Cost                                                                                                            4,199,458
         Accumulated impairment                                                                                                  —


         Net carrying amount                                                                                             4,199,458


      Impairment testing of goodwill

      Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the group of biopharmaceutical products cash-generating
      units (“CGUs”), which is the sole group of CGUs of the Group.


      The recoverable amount of the group of CGUs has been determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow
      projections which are based on financial forecast approved by the Company’s directors covering a period of six years (the
      “Forecast Period”). The discount rate applied to the cash flow projections is 15.0% (2022: 15.0%), which is determined by
      reference to the average rate for similar industries and the business risk of the relevant business units. The growth rate used
      to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the Forecast Period is 3% (2022: 3%).


      In the opinion of the Company’s directors, any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable
      amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the group of CGUs to exceed the recoverable amount.

      Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of the group of CGUs as at 31 December 2023. The following
      describes each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing
      of goodwill:

      Gross margins — Gross margins are based on the average gross margins achieved in the year immediately before the
      forecast year and are increased over the Forecast Period for anticipated efficiency improvements and expected market
      development.

      Discount rate — The discount rate used is before tax and reflects specific risks relating to the relevant group of CGUs.


168    3SBIO INC.
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                 31 December 2023




16. Goodwill (continued)
   Impairment testing of goodwill (continued)

   Growth rates — The growth rates are based on historical sales over the last three years and expected growth rates of the
   pharmaceutical market according to published industry research.


   The values assigned to the key assumptions are consistent with external information sources.


   In the opinion of the Company’s directors, a decrease in the growth rate by 5% would cause the recoverable amount of the
   cash-generating unit to exceed its carrying amount by approximately RMB9,456,432,000 to RMB7,323,387,000, and any
   reasonably possible change in the other key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based would not cause the
   carrying amount of the cash-generating unit to exceed its recoverable amount.


17. Other intangible assets
   2023


                                              Exclusive
                                            distribution   Technology
                                                   right   know-how       Patents       IPR&Ds         Others               Total
                                              RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000


    Cost at 1 January 2023,
      net of accumulated amortisation             1,530     1,058,228     357,759       149,245         11,550         1,578,312
    Additions                                        —             —        6,975        70,142          2,502            79,619
    Transfer                                         —         60,216          —        (60,216)            —                  —
    Amortisation provided during the year          (104)      (66,791)    (32,723)           —          (4,255)         (103,873)
    Exchange realignment                             25            —           —             —            368                393


    At 31 December 2023                           1,451     1,051,653     332,011       159,171         10,165         1,554,451


    At 31 December 2023
      Cost                                        8,617     1,834,273     585,297       175,167         80,280         2,683,634
      Accumulated amortisation and
          impairment                             (7,166)     (782,620)   (253,286)      (15,996)       (70,115)        (1,129,183)


      Net carrying amount                         1,451     1,051,653     332,011       159,171         10,165         1,554,451




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023         169
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




17. Other intangible assets (continued)
      2022


                                                Exclusive
                                               distribution   Technology
                                                      right   know-how         Patents         IPR&Ds          Others             Total
                                                RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                                             (Restated)


       Cost at 1 January 2022,
         net of accumulated amortisation         236,598       1,122,193      346,927         132,898          10,548       1,849,164
       Additions                                        —             —        42,420          16,347           5,402          64,169
       Amortisation provided during the year      (62,105)       (63,965)      (31,588)             —           (4,661)       (162,319)
       Impairment during the year                (186,019)            —             —               —               —         (186,019)
       Exchange realignment                        13,056             —             —               —             261          13,317


       At 31 December 2022                          1,530      1,058,228      357,759         149,245          11,550       1,578,312


       At 31 December 2022:
         Cost                                    355,770       1,774,057      578,322         165,241          77,125       2,950,515
         Accumulated amortisation and
             impairment                          (354,240)      (715,829)     (220,563)        (15,996)        (65,575)     (1,372,203)


         Net carrying amount                        1,530      1,058,228      357,759         149,245          11,550       1,578,312


      Impairment testing of IPR&Ds


      IPR&Ds were either acquired from a third party or capitalised in accordance with the accounting policies for research
      and development costs in note 2.4 to the financial statements. The useful life of IPR&Ds is considered indefinite until the
      completion or abandonment of the related research and development efforts. IPR&Ds are not amortised but tested individually
      for impairment annually. The useful life of an intangible asset with an indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine whether
      the indefinite life assessment continues to be supportable.


      The recoverable amounts of IPR&Ds have been determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow projections
      which are based on financial forecast approved by the Company’s directors. The discount rates applied to the six cash flow
      projections are from 13.9% to 22.5% (2022: from 14.0% to 23.5%), which are determined by reference to the average rates
      for in progress research and development projects with similar business risk and after taking into account the risk premium in
      connection with the related research and development efforts.



170    3SBIO INC.
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                31 December 2023




17. Other intangible assets (continued)

   Impairment testing of IPR&Ds (continued)


   In the opinion of the Company’s directors, any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable
   amounts are based would not cause the carrying amounts of IPR&Ds to exceed their recoverable amounts.


   Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of IPR&Ds as at 31 December 2023. The following describes each key
   assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of IPR&Ds:


   Discount rates — The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks in respect of the related research and
   development efforts.


   Royalty rates — The royalty rates are based on similar royalty rates charged by third parties in the pharmaceutical and biotech
   industry.


   Growth rates — The growth rates used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the five-year period are based on the estimated
   growth rate of the Group taking into account the industry growth rate, past experience and the medium-term or long-term
   growth target of the Group.


   The values assigned to the key assumptions are consistent with external information sources.



18. Investments in joint ventures
                                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000


    Share of net assets                                                                               2,265               1,212




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023       171
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




18. Investments in joint ventures (continued)

      Particulars of the Group’s joint ventures are as follows:


                                                         Place of                              Percentage of

                                                         registration            Ownership         Voting         Profit   Principal
      Name                                               and business               interest       power         sharing   activities


      Liaoning Sunshine Bio-Pharmaceutical Investment    PRC/Chinese Mainland             50           50            50    Health industry
       Fund Management Partnership LLP                                                                                       investment
       (“Sunshine Bio-Pharmaceutical Fund”)                                                                                  management


      Shenyang Sunshine Logistics Co., Ltd.              PRC/Chinese Mainland             50           50            50    Logistics services
       (“Shenyang Sunshine Logistics”)


      The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s joint ventures that is not individually material:


                                                                                                                 2023                   2022
                                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


       Share of the joint ventures’ profits/(losses) for the year                                                1,053              (2,555)


       Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in joint ventures                                    2,265                  1,212



19. Investments in associates
                                                                                                                 2023                   2022
                                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                                (Restated)


       Share of net assets                                                                                     593,316            622,637




172    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                     31 December 2023




19. Investments in associates (continued)

   Particulars of the Group’s associates are as follows:


                                                                                                                   Percentage
                                                                                            Place of              of ownership
                                                                      Particulars           incorporation/             interest
                                                                      of issued             registration         attributable to
     Name                                                             shares held           and business             the Group     Principal activities


     Refuge Biotechnologies, Inc. (a) (“Refuge”)                      Preferred shares      United States                 10.21    Research and
                                                                                                                                     development
     Shanghai Companion Diagnostics Technology Ltd. (a)               Ordinary shares       PRC/Chinese                   14.00    Research and
         (“Shanghai Companion”)                                                                Mainland                              development
     Liaoning Sunshine Medical Industry                               Limited partner       PRC/Chinese                   66.01    Investment holding
         Investment Fund Partnership LLP (a)                                                   Mainland
         (“Sunshine Medical Industry Fund”)
     Verseau Therapeutics, Inc. (a)                                   Preferred shares      United States                 11.75    Research and
         (“Verseau”)                                                                                                                 development
     Shanghai Corinline Diagnostics Technology Ltd. (a)               Ordinary shares       PRC/Chinese                    8.00    Research and
         (“Corinline”)                                                                         Mainland                              development
     Numab Therapeutics AG, Inc. (a)                                  Preferred shares      Switzerland                    7.87    Research and
         (“Numab”)                                                                                                                   development
     Tieling Staff Hospital and Fukang Centre (a)                     Ordinary shares       PRC/Chinese                   11.00    Medical services
                                                                                               Mainland


   Note:


   (a)     Not audited by Ernst & Young, Hong Kong or another member firm of the Ernst & Young global network.




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023           173
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




19. Investments in associates (continued)

      The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not individually material:


                                                                                                              2023                 2022
                                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                              (Restated)


       Share of the associates’ losses for the year                                                         (30,848)            (31,692)
       Share of the associates’ other comprehensive income                                                    1,527                   —


       Share of the associates’ total comprehensive income                                                  (29,321)            (31,692)
       Impairment during the year                                                                                —              (60,039)


       Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in associates                                  593,316             622,637



20. Equity investments designated at fair value through other
    comprehensive income

                                                                                                              2023                 2022
                                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000


       Equity investments designated at fair value through
          other comprehensive income
       Listed equity investments, at fair value                                                            104,133             135,159
       Unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                                          417,591             419,815


                                                                                                           521,724             554,974


      The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at fair value through other comprehensive income as the Group
      considers these investments to be strategic in nature.




174    3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                             31 December 2023




21. Deferred tax

   The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:


   Deferred tax liabilities


                                                                                            2023
                                                             Fair value            Fair value
                                                            adjustment        adjustments of
                                                           arising from    financial assets at
                                                          acquisition of   fair value through
                                                           subsidiaries         profit or loss      Others                Total
                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


    At 1 January 2023                                           214,510                31,729       33,626           279,865
    Deferred tax credited to the consolidated statement
      of profit or loss during the year (note 11)               (12,684)              (31,729)      15,102              (29,311)


    Gross deferred tax liabilities at 31 December 2023          201,826                    —        48,728           250,554




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023       175
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




21. Deferred tax (continued)
      The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows: (continued)


      Deferred tax assets


                                                                                                 2023
                                                                Impairment/
                                                                 write-off of
                                                                inventories,                                          Losses
                                                                       other                                     available for
                                                                  intangible    Decelerated                         offsetting
                                                                assets, and     depreciation                          against
                                                                   financial         for tax   Government       future taxable
                                                    Accruals         assets        purposes        grants              profits    Others      Total
                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000   RMB’000


       At 1 January 2023                              85,755          41,184          7,153        24,825             123,844     21,188    303,949
       Deferred tax credited/(charged) to
          the consolidated statement of profit or
          loss during the year (note 11)             (38,534)         (7,995)         2,908             (394)         (30,961)    45,170    (29,806)
       Deferred tax credited to the consolidated
          statement of comprehensive income               —               —              —                —                —         461       461


       Gross deferred tax assets
          at 31 December 2023                         47,221          33,189         10,061        24,431              92,883     66,819    274,604




176    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                                                 31 December 2023




21. Deferred tax (continued)
   The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows: (continued)


   Deferred tax liabilities


                                                                                                                             2022
                                                                                 Fair value                     Fair value
                                                                            adjustment                    adjustments of
                                                                           arising from             financial assets at
                                                                         acquisition of                 fair value through
                                                                           subsidiaries                      profit or loss                         Others                 Total
                                                                                 RMB’000                        RMB’000                        RMB’000                  RMB’000


    At 1 January 2022                                                             227,268                                —                          37,200               264,468
    Deferred tax credited to the consolidated statement of
       profit or loss during the year (note 11)                                   (12,758)                        31,729                            (3,574)               15,397


    Gross deferred tax liabilities at 31 December 2022                            214,510                         31,729                            33,626               279,865


   Deferred tax assets


                                                                                                                2022
                                                                 Impairment/
                                                                  write-off of                                                           Losses
                                                                  inventories,                                                      available for
                                                                        other          Decelerated                                    offsetting
                                                                   intangible         depreciation                                       against
                                                                 assets, and                  for tax        Government         future taxable
                                                  Accruals    financial assets           purposes                  grants                 profits             Others        Total
                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000               RMB’000                RMB’000               RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000


    At 1 January 2022                              85,665             31,695                  3,949               25,306               105,938                27,313     279,866
    Deferred tax credited/(charged) to
       the consolidated statement of profit or
       loss during the year (note 11)                    90            9,489                  3,204                    (481)             17,906               (1,000)     29,208
    Deferred tax credited to the consolidated
       statement of comprehensive income                 —                 —                      —                      —                    —               (5,125)      (5,125)


    Gross deferred tax assets
       at 31 December 2022                         85,755             41,184                  7,153               24,825               123,844                21,188     303,949



                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023            177
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




21. Deferred tax (continued)

      Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign investors
      from the foreign investment enterprises established in Chinese Mainland. The requirement is effective from 1 January 2008
      and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. A lower withholding tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty between
      Chinese Mainland and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors. For the Group, the applicable rate is 5% or 10%. The Group is
      therefore liable for withholding taxes on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in Chinese Mainland in respect
      of earnings generated from 1 January 2008.


      At 31 December 2023, no deferred tax liabilities have been recognised for withholding taxes that would be payable on the
      unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group’s subsidiaries established in Chinese Mainland (2022:
      Nil).


      In the opinion of the directors, it is not probable that these subsidiaries will distribute such earnings in the foreseeable future.
      The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries in Chinese Mainland for which
      deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised was approximately RMB10,677,553,000 (2022: RMB8,340,719,000).


      There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company to its shareholders.


      Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:


                                                                                                                                          2023                      2022
                                                                                                                                   RMB’000                    RMB’000


        Tax losses arising in Chinese Mainland (a)                                                                                   659,178                   578,414
        Tax losses arising in Hong Kong and other countries                                                                        1,532,908                 1,382,354


        Total                                                                                                                      2,192,086                 1,960,768


      Note:


      (a)     The tax losses arising in Chinese Mainland are available for a maximum of ten years for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the
              losses arose.




178     3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                 31 December 2023




22. Inventories

                                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                       (Restated)


    Raw materials                                                                                    264,479            262,671
    Work in progress                                                                                 305,646            324,895
    Finished goods                                                                                   149,642              93,993
    Consumables and packaging materials                                                               61,006              61,955


    Total                                                                                            780,773            743,514
    Impairment                                                                                         (3,234)           (30,772)


    Net carrying amount                                                                              777,539            712,742



23. Trade and notes receivables

                                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                       (Restated)


    Trade receivables                                                                              1,060,439          1,284,667
    Notes receivable                                                                                  85,445              92,560


    Total                                                                                          1,145,884          1,377,227
    Provision for impairment of trade receivables                                                    (50,752)            (65,422)


    Net carrying amount                                                                            1,095,132          1,311,805


   The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit period is generally two months, extending
   up to three months for major customers. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and
   overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s
   trade receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. Trade
   receivables are non-interest-bearing.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023       179
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




23. Trade and notes receivables (continued)

      An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                            2023                2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                           (Restated)


       Within 1 month                                                                                    514,891             489,022
       1 to 3 months                                                                                     470,039             686,265
       3 to 6 months                                                                                      16,884              31,933
       6 months to 1 year                                                                                  9,132              11,375
       1 to 2 years                                                                                        7,283              23,981
       Over 2 years                                                                                       42,210              42,091


       Total                                                                                           1,060,439           1,284,667


      The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:


                                                                                                            2023                2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                           (Restated)


       At beginning of year                                                                               65,422              57,796
       Impairment losses, net                                                                            (14,670)              7,626


       At end of year                                                                                     50,752              65,422


      An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses. The
      provision rates are based on ageing for groupings of various customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer
      type and rating). The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and
      supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future
      economic conditions.




180    3SBIO INC.
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                 31 December 2023




23. Trade and notes receivables (continued)

   Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a provision matrix:


   As at 31 December 2023


                                                                            Ageing

                                              Within       1 to 3       3 to 6 6 months          1 to 2       Over
                                            1 month      months       months     to 1 year       years      2 years        Total


    Expected credit loss rate                 0.53%       0.50%        0.44%         0.35%     46.24%        100%        4.79%
    Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)         514,891      470,039       16,884         9,132      7,283       42,210 1,060,439


    Expected credit losses (RMB’000)           2,717        2,350          75           32       3,368       42,210      50,752


   As at 31 December 2022


                                                                            Ageing

                                               Within      1 to 3       3 to 6   6 months        1 to 2        Over
                                            1 month       months      months      to 1 year       years     2 years        Total


    Expected credit loss rate                 0.68%        0.57%       0.51%         0.55%     52.33%         100%        4.58%
    Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)         489,022      686,265       31,933        11,375     17,016       42,091 1,277,702


    Expected credit losses (RMB’000)           3,337        3,901         162           62       8,904       42,091      58,457


   In addition to the above provision matrix, for certain customer whose credit risk increased significantly, the Group has made
   an individual loss allowance. As at 31 December 2022, the accumulated individual loss allowance was RMB6,965,000 with
   a carrying amount before loss allowance of RMB6,965,000. With the collection efforts made by the Group, trade receivable
   amounting to USD999,960 was settled by certain customer in the second quarter of 2023 in respect of the individual loss
   allowance provided.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023         181
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




24. Prepayments, other receivables and other assets

                                                                                                         2023               2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                       (Restated)


       Prepayments, other receivables and other assets — current portion:
         Due from related parties                                                                    368,471             373,387
         Other deposits and other receivables                                                        710,973             137,269
         Deductible input VAT                                                                        156,433             145,698
         Other prepayments                                                                           106,326              68,642


                                                                                                   1,342,203             724,996
       Impairment allowance                                                                          (209,704)          (220,206)


       Total                                                                                       1,132,499             504,790


       Prepayments, other receivables and other assets — non-current portion:
         Advance payments for property, plant and equipment                                            86,067            241,538
         Other non-current assets                                                                    117,355             112,272


       Total                                                                                         203,422             353,810


      The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of prepayments, other receivables and other assets are as follows:


                                                                                                         2023               2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                       (Restated)


       Balances at beginning of the year                                                             (220,206)          (178,897)
       Charge for the year                                                                             10,502            (43,531)
       Write-off                                                                                           —               2,222


       At end of year                                                                                (209,704)          (220,206)


      Other receivables mainly represent the Group’s receivables from related parties and third parties. According to the related
      party’s historical credit, repayment and mortgage information, the loss given default was estimated to be 1% within one year,
      56% from one year to two years and 100% for more than two years.

182    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                31 December 2023




25. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000


    Other unlisted investments, at fair value                                                     3,302,596          4,861,054


   The above unlisted investments were treasury or cash management products issued by banks and other financial institutions
   in Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong. They were mandatorily classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as
   their contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest.



26. Cash and cash equivalents and pledged deposits

                                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (Restated)


    Cash at bank and on hand                                                                      2,610,430          2,150,920
    Restricted cash                                                                                     731                 826
    Pledged deposits                                                                                195,432            208,392
    Non-pledged time deposits                                                                     2,015,347            201,183
    Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months                                   78,324                   —


    Subtotal                                                                                      4,900,264          2,561,321
    Less:
       Pledged deposits                                                                            (195,432)           (208,392)
       Non-pledged time deposits                                                                 (2,015,347)           (201,183)


    Cash and bank balances                                                                        2,689,485          2,151,746
    Less:
       Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months                               (78,324)                  —


    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     2,611,161          2,151,746


   The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Chinese Mainland’s Foreign Exchange Control
   Regulations and Administration of Settlement, and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is
   permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business. The
   remittance of funds out of Chinese Mainland is subject to exchange restrictions imposed by the PRC government.

                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023       183
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




26. Cash and cash equivalents and pledged deposits (continued)
      The Group’s cash and cash equivalents and deposits as at 31 December 2023 are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                        2023                 2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (Restated)


       Denominated in:
          — RMB                                                                                    4,049,851          2,154,171
          — HKD                                                                                       81,060                34,118
          — USD                                                                                      727,181            299,199
          — EUR                                                                                       42,171                73,832
          — Great Britain Pound (“GBP”)                                                                     1                   1


                                                                                                   4,900,264          2,561,321


      Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The bank balances and deposits are
      deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default. The carrying amounts of the cash and cash equivalents
      approximated to their fair values as at the end of the reporting period. Deposits of approximately RMB195,432,000 (2022:
      RMB208,392,000) have been pledged to secure letters of credit, bank acceptance bills and pending lawsuits and arbitration as
      at 31 December 2023.


27. Trade and bills payables
      An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as
      follows:


                                                                                                        2023                 2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (Restated)


       Within 3 months                                                                               182,022            218,002
       3 to 6 months                                                                                  25,875                27,191
       Over 6 months                                                                                   4,165                 4,328


       Total                                                                                         212,062            249,521


      The trade and bills payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable within the normal operating cycle or on demand.


184    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                31 December 2023




28. Other payables and accruals
                                                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                     (Restated)


     Accrued selling and marketing expenses                                                        750,790             492,379
     Accrued salaries, bonuses and welfare expenses                                                188,902             205,273
     Contract liabilities (a)                                                                        23,241             50,692
     Taxes payable (other than income tax)                                                           54,306             45,133
     Payable to vendors of property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets               183,735             134,165
     Others                                                                                        131,419             100,818


     Total                                                                                       1,332,393          1,028,460


   Notes:


   (a)      Details of contract liabilities are as follows:


                                                                          31 December 2023   31 December 2022      1 January 2022
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


              Short-term advances received from customers
              Contract development and manufacturing operation business              6,089             20,509                 —
              Sale of biopharmaceuticals                                            17,152             30,183             20,539


              Total contract liabilities                                            23,241             50,692             20,539


   (b)      Other payables are non-interest-bearing.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023        185
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




29. Deferred income
                                                                                                                                         2023                      2022
                                                                                                                                   RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                                                                            (Restated)


        At beginning of the year                                                                                                     451,159                  436,720
        Received during the year
            — Government grants (a)                                                                                                   19,975                    52,575
        Less: Recognition during the year
                 — Government grants (a)                                                                                             (29,826)                  (38,136)


        Total                                                                                                                        441,308                  451,159
        Less: Deferred income — current portion
                 — Government grants (a)                                                                                             (29,152)                  (28,549)


        Total deferred income — non-current portion                                                                                  412,156                  422,610


      Note:


      (a)     The grants relate to the subsidies received from the government for compensation for expenses arising from research and the improvement of manufacturing
              facilities on certain special projects. Upon completion of the related projects and the final assessment of the relevant government authorities, the grants
              related to the expense items will be recognised as other income directly in the consolidated statement of profit or loss when such expense items have been
              incurred by the Group and the grants related to an asset will be released to the consolidated statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the
              relevant asset.




186     3SBIO INC.
                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                 31 December 2023




30. Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings

                                               2023                                  2022
                                  Effective                            Effective
                                   interest                             interest
                                   rate (%)    Maturity   RMB’000       rate (%)      Maturity        RMB’000
                                                                                                     (Restated)


    Current
    Bank loans — unsecured        2.30-3.91       2024    1,485,796   2.30-2.80         2023           300,259
    Bank loan — secured           1.95-3.65       2024     625,807    3.40-4.10         2023           113,000


    Total — current                                       2,111,603                                    413,259


    Non-current
    Bank loan — unsecured         1.30-6.60       2025    1,401,578   1.48-6.27    2024-2025         1,716,787
    Bank loans — secured          2.75-3.65   2025-2031     61,155    2.75-4.20    2024-2031           184,961


    Subtotal — non-current                                1,462,733                                  1,901,748
    Bonds payable (note 32)           4.20    2023-2025   1,225,959          —              —                —
    Convertible bonds (note 31)         —             —         —          1.50    2020-2025         2,163,735


    Total — non-current                                   2,688,692                                  4,065,483


    Total                                                 4,800,295                                  4,478,742




                                                                                   Annual Report 2023        187
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




30. Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings (continued)
                                                                                                                                            2023                     2022
                                                                                                                                     RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                                                                               (Restated)


        Interest-bearing bank borrowings denominated in:
            — RMB                                                                                                                      689,835                   546,260
            — HKD                                                                                                                      877,036                   859,031
            — USD                                                                                                                      701,250                   857,756
            — EUR                                                                                                                    1,306,215                     51,960


        Total                                                                                                                        3,574,336                 2,315,007


                                                                                                                                            2023                     2022
                                                                                                                                     RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                                                                               (Restated)


        Analysed into:
            Bank loans and overdrafts repayable:
            Within one year or on demand                                                                                             2,111,603                   413,259
            In the second year                                                                                                       1,293,578                   470,309
            In the third to tenth years, inclusive                                                                                     169,155                 1,431,439


                                                                                                                                     3,574,336                 2,315,007


      Notes:


      (a)      Certain of the Group’s bank borrowings are secured by mortgages over the Group’s freehold land, leasehold land, buildings and constructions in progress.
               Refer to note 14 and note 15.


      (b)      The Group has entered into certain recourse factoring agreements with certain bank for financing purposes. As at 31 December 2023, trade receivables of
               RMB333,333,000 (31 December 2022: RMB5,556,000) had been transferred under recourse factoring agreements. Those trade receivables were derived
               from internal transactions within the Group and were eliminated in full on consolidation. In the opinion of the directors, such transactions did not qualify for
               derecognition of the relevant trade receivables and the loans received from the bank were accounted for as secured borrowings.


      (c)      Certain of the Group’s bank loans are secured by the 90.34% equity interests in Desen Biologics held by Shenyang Sunshine.


      (d)      The carrying amounts of the current bank borrowings approximate to their fair values.




188     3SBIO INC.
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                            31 December 2023




31. Convertible bonds
   On 29 June 2020, Strategic International issued Euro-denominated zero-coupon convertible bonds (the “2025 Bonds”)
   with a nominal value of EUR320,000,000. The 2025 Bonds are guaranteed by the Company and convertible at the option
   of the bondholders into ordinary shares with the initial conversion price of HKD13.1750 per share at any time on and after
   9 August 2020 and up to the close of business on the date falling seven days prior to 29 June 2025. The 2025 Bonds are
   redeemable at the option of the bondholders at a 1.50% gross yield upon early redemption. On 15 July 2022, 29 June 2023
   and 28 August 2023, the 2025 Bonds were repurchased with nominal values of EUR31,000,000, EUR287,600,000 and
   EUR1,400,000, respectively.


   The fair value of the liability component was estimated at the issuance date using an equivalent market interest rate for
   a similar bond without a conversion option. The residual amount is assigned as the equity component and is included in
   shareholders’ equity.


   The 2025 Bonds issued have been split into the liability and equity components as follows:


                                                                                                                  RMB’000


    Nominal value of convertible bonds issued at 29 June 2020                                                    2,547,520
    Equity                                                                                                        (111,172)
    Direct transaction costs attributable to the liability component                                                (25,475)


    Liability component at the issuance date                                                                     2,410,873
    Interest accrual                                                                                                30,592
    Exchange realignment                                                                                            19,962


    Liability component at 1 January 2021                                                                        2,461,427
    Interest accrual                                                                                                60,416
    Exchange realignment                                                                                          (250,245)


    Liability component at 31 December 2021                                                                      2,271,598


    Liability component at 1 January 2022                                                                        2,271,598
    Interest accrual                                                                                                54,649
    Repurchase                                                                                                    (227,873)
    Exchange realignment                                                                                            65,361


    Liability component at 31 December 2022                                                                      2,163,735


    Liability component at 1 January 2023                                                                        2,163,735
    Interest accrual                                                                                                23,885
    Repurchase                                                                                                  (2,315,477)
    Exchange realignment                                                                                           127,857


    Liability component at 31 December 2023                                                                              —

                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023      189
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




32. Bonds payable

      On 26 June 2023, the Company issued unsecured non-listed bonds in an aggregate amount of RMB1,200,000,000. The
      bonds were priced at par at RMB100 each, carrying interest at a fixed rate of 4.20% per annum. The bonds will mature on 26
      June 2025.


                                                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                                                                 2023
                                                                                                                            RMB’000


       Bonds payable                                                                                                       1,225,959


       Amount repayable:
       In the second year                                                                                                  1,225,959



33. Retirement benefit obligations

      The Italian subsidiary of the Group operates an unfunded defined benefit plan, namely the Italian staff leaving indemnity (the
      “TFR”). The TFR is classified as a defined benefit pension plan, which defines an amount of pension benefit that an employee
      will receive on retirement, usually dependent on one or more factors such as age, years of service and compensation.


      In 2007, with the Italian labour law reform, it was decided that the TFR accrued each month starting from January 2008 would
      be paid monthly to a private external fund or social institution, transforming the contribution to the pension plan into a defined
      contribution plan. It was also decided that the remaining TFR balances by the end of 2007 would be recorded as non-current
      liabilities to be paid to employees upon retirement. Such TFR balances are subject to actuarial valuation in accordance with
      IAS 19.


      The TFR benefit liability represents the present value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the reporting period less
      the fair value of plan assets, together with adjustments for unrecognised past-service costs. The defined benefit obligations
      are calculated annually by an independent actuary, Doctor Fabrizio Marino, using the project unit credit method. The present
      value of the defined benefit obligations is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows. Actuarial gains and
      losses arising from the changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited to other comprehensive income in the period
      in which they arise. Past service costs are recognised immediately in profit or loss. (Doctor Fabrizio Marino is an associate
      of the Society of Actuaries. He is of the company “Bruni, Marino & C. Srl Benefit Company”, at Via Lodovico Muratori 20135
      Milan (MI) – ITALY.)




190    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                   31 December 2023




33. Retirement benefit obligations (continued)

   The plan is exposed to inflation risk and the risk of changes in the life expectancy of the plan members.


   The principal actuarial assumptions used at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                                                                2023


    Discount rate (%)
    Expected rate of future pension cost increases by (%) — 2024                                                                  1.9
    Expected rate of future pension cost increases by (%) — 2025                                                                  1.8
    Expected rate of future pension cost increases by (%) — 2026                                                                  1.7
    Expected rate of future pension cost increases by (%) — from 2027                                                             1.7


                                                                                                                                2022


    Discount rate (%)
    Expected rate of future pension cost increases by (%) — 2023                                                                  7.3
    Expected rate of future pension cost increases by (%) — 2024                                                                  2.6
    Expected rate of future pension cost increases by (%) — 2025                                                                  1.9
    Expected rate of future pension cost increases by (%) — from 2026                                                             1.9


   A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumption as at the end of the reporting period is shown below:


                                                                            Net decrease                             Net increase
                                                                                in defined                                 in defined
                                                             Increase              benefit          Decrease                  benefit
                                                                in rate       obligations               in rate           obligations
                                                                   (%)           RMB’000                   (%)              RMB’000


    2023
    Discount rate                                                   0.5               (122)                 0.5                  164


    2022
    Discount rate                                                   0.5                 (92)                0.5                  139




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023         191
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




33. Retirement benefit obligations (continued)
      The sensitivity analysis above has been determined based on a method that extrapolates the impact on defined benefit
      obligations as a result of reasonable changes in key assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period. The sensitivity
      analysis above is based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. The sensitivity analysis
      may not be representative of an actual change in the defined benefit obligations as it is unlikely that changes in assumptions
      would occur in isolation of one another.


      The total expenses recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in respect of the plan are as follows:


                                                                                                             2023               2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


       Current service cost                                                                                   227                 329
       Interest cost                                                                                          176                  45


       Net benefit expenses                                                                                   403                 374


       Recognised in finance costs                                                                            403                 374


      The movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:


                                                                                                             2023               2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


       At 1 January                                                                                        4,474               5,568
       Current service cost                                                                                   227                 329
       Interest cost                                                                                          176                  45
       Benefit paid                                                                                          (614)                (742)
       Actuarial loss                                                                                         79                  (825)
       Exchange realignment                                                                                     7                  99


       At 31 December                                                                                      4,349               4,474


      The plan has no defined benefit plan assets.


      The Group does not expect to make further contributions to the defined benefit plan in future years.


      The average duration of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the reporting period was 15 years (2022: 15 years).


192    3SBIO INC.
                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                       31 December 2023




34. Share capital

                                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000


    Issued and fully paid:
      2,438,920,412 (2022: 2,438,870,412) ordinary shares                                       149               149


                                                     Number of
                                                 shares in issue     Share capital   Share premium               Total
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


    Ordinary shares of USD0.00001 each
      at 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023      2,438,870,412               149         3,693,433         3,693,582
    Share options exercised (a)                             50,000             —             48,733            48,733
    Final 2022 dividend declared (b)                            —              —           (224,883)         (224,883)


    Ordinary shares of USD0.00001 each
      at 31 December 2023                         2,438,920,412               149         3,517,283         3,517,432


                                                                               Number of shares        Treasury shares
                                                                                                            RMB’000


    At 1 January 2022                                                                         —                    —


    Repurchased                                                                      126,117,775              711,321
    Cancelled                                                                        (85,760,087)            (475,680)


    At 31 December 2022                                                               40,357,688              235,641


    Repurchased                                                                               —                    —
    Cancelled                                                                                 —                    —


    At 31 December 2023                                                               40,357,688              235,641




                                                                                            Annual Report 2023     193
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




34. Share capital (continued)
      Notes:


      (a)      The subscription rights attaching to 50,000 share options were exercised at the subscription price of HKD7.62 per share (note 36), resulting in the issue of
               50,000 shares for a total cash consideration of RMB337,000. An amount of RMB233,000 was transferred from the contributed surplus to share premium
               upon the exercise of the share options.


               There were 9,885,448 restricted shares exercised during the year ended 31 December 2023. An amount of RMB48,163,000 was transferred from the
               contributed surplus to share premium upon the exercise of the share options.


      (b)      The Company declared the final 2022 dividend out of the Company’s share premium account.




35. Business combination

      Acquisition of a subsidiary under common control


      On 31 May 2023, the Group acquired a 100% interest in Liaoning Sunshine Technology Development Co., Ltd. (“Liaoning
      Sunshine Technology”) from Dalian Huansheng Medical Investment Co., Ltd (“Dalian Huansheng”) with a cash
      consideration of RMB1.00. Liaoning Sunshine Technology is engaged in the manufacture and sale of medical devices.


      Since Liaoning Sunshine Technology and the Group are both under common control of Dr. Lou Jing before and after
      the acquisition, the acquisition is accounted for as merger accounting, i.e., the assets and liabilities of Liaoning Sunshine
      Technology are consolidated by the Group using the existing book values from Dr. Lou Jing’s perspective, as if the current
      group structure had been in existence throughout the periods presented, with the difference between the book value of the
      net assets of Liaoning Sunshine Technology and the consideration directly credited to equity. The comparative figures of the
      consolidated financial statements have also been restated as a result of the merger accounting.




194     3SBIO INC.
                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                          31 December 2023




35. Business combination (continued)

   Acquisition of a subsidiary under common control (continued)


   The book values of Liaoning Sunshine Technology’s assets and liabilities as at 31 May 2023 and 31 December 2022 were as
   follows:


                                                                                              31 May       31 December
                                                                                                 2023              2022
                                                                                          Book value          Book value
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


    Property, plant and equipment                                                              26,164            27,578
    Other intangible assets                                                                     8,309              8,405
    Other current assets                                                                        5,046              5,690
    Other current liabilities                                                                   (5,574)           (4,740)
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                (82,200)           (68,105)
    Deferred income                                                                             (5,492)           (5,697)


    Deficient in net assets                                                                   (53,747)           (36,869)


    Difference directly credited to equity                                                    (53,747)                —


    Cash consideration                                                                      RMB1.00                   —




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023      195
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




36. Share incentive scheme

      Share option scheme adopted by the Company


      On 26 September 2016, a total of 20,000,000 share options, each of which entitles the holders to subscribe for one ordinary
      share of the Company at an exercise price of HKD9.10, under the post-IPO share option scheme of the Company adopted on
      23 May 2015 and 28 June 2016 (the “Share Option Scheme”), were granted to TMF (Cayman) Ltd. (“TMF”), as the trustee
      of The Empire Trust (the “Grantee”), a trust established by the Company for the beneficiaries who are executive directors and
      employees of the Group and its holding companies, and any other persons as nominated from time to time by the advisory
      committee of the Grantee that is established with the authority of the board of the directors of the Company. The share
      options will vest and become exercisable upon meeting certain vesting conditions. If the vesting conditions are not met, the
      share options will lapse.


      On 2 February 2017, the Company and the Grantee had agreed that the grant of 20,000,000 share options which was
      approved by the board on 22 September 2016 was cancelled at nil consideration. By the date of cancellation, no beneficiary
      had been nominated by the advisory committee of the Grantee and no options had been designated to any beneficiary, and
      thus the Group did not recognise any share-based payment expenses in relation to the cancelled 20,000,000 share options.
      On the same date, a total of 20,000,000 share options, each of which entitles the holders to subscribe for one ordinary
      share of the Company at an exercise price of HKD7.62 (which is the highest of the closing price of HKD7.30 per share and
      the average closing price of HKD7.62 per share) were granted to TMF, as the trustee of the Grantee under the Share Option
      Scheme for the benefits of the designated beneficiaries. The share options will vest and become exercisable upon meeting
      certain vesting conditions. If the vesting conditions are not met, the share options will lapse.




196    3SBIO INC.
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                               31 December 2023




36. Share incentive scheme (continued)

   Share option scheme adopted by the Company (continued)

   The following share options were outstanding under the Share Option scheme during the year:


                                                                     2023                                 2022
                                                            Weighted                             Weighted
                                                              average          Number              average            Number
                                                        exercise price      of options       exercise price         of options
                                                        HKD per share              ’000     HKD per share                ’000


    At 1 January                                                 7.62           16,536                7.62             16,561
    Granted during the year                                        —                 —                  —                   —
    Forfeited during the year                                      —                 —                  —                   —
    Exercised during the year                                    7.62               (50)              7.62                 (25)
    Expired during the year                                        —                 —                  —                   —


    At 31 December                                               7.62           16,486                7.62             16,536


   The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised during the year was HKD8.54 per share
   (2022: HKD8.36 per share).


   The fair value of the share options at the grant date is estimated using a binomial option pricing model, taking into account
   the terms and conditions upon which the share options were granted. The contractual life of each option granted is ten years.
   There is no cash settlement of the share options. The fair value of share options granted on 2 February 2017 was estimated
   on the date of grant using the following assumptions:


   Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                       —
   Expected volatility (%)                                                                                              39.63
   Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                           1.91
   Expected contractual life of share options (years)                                                                   10.00
   Underlying share price (RMB)                                                                                          6.45
   Exercise price of each share option (RMB)                                                                             6.73


   At the end of the reporting period, the Company had 16,486,000 share options outstanding under the Share Option Scheme,
   which represented approximately 0.71% of the Company’s shares in issue as at that date.


   As the vesting period has passed, the share options have been fully amortised for the year ended 31 December 2022. No
   share-based payment expenses have been recorded in the consolidated statement of profit or loss during the year ended 31
   December 2023 (2022: Nil).



                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023       197
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




36. Share incentive scheme (continued)

      Share award scheme adopted by the Company


      As part of the Group’s initiatives to recognise the contributions of the selected participants, attract suitable personnel and
      provide the selected participants with a direct economic interest in attaining a long-term relationship between the Group and
      the selected participants, on 16 July 2019, the board of the directors of the Company approved the adoption of the share
      award scheme and the award of a maximum of 10,000,000 shares to 37 independent employees of the Group. Such award is
      subject to vesting conditions and the awarded shares will lapse if the vesting conditions are not met. Since 23 March 2020, a
      total of 9,885,448 shares has been awarded to and vested with to 32 employees of the Group at nil consideration.


      The fair value of the awarded shares at the grant date is estimated using a binomial option pricing model, taking into account
      the terms and conditions upon which the awarded shares were granted. There is no cash settlement of the share award. The
      fair value of the share award granted on 23 March 2020 was estimated on the date of grant using the following assumptions:


      Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                        —
      Expected volatility (%)                                                                                               44.83
      Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                            0.86
      Discounts for the lack of marketability (%)                                                                           17.00
      Expected contractual life of share options (years)                                                                    10.00
      Underlying share price (RMB)                                                                                           5.12


      At the end of the reporting period, the Company had no awarded shares outstanding under the share award scheme. The
      Group had recorded share-based payment expenses of RMB1,626,000 in the consolidated statement of profit or loss during
      the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB8,195,000). The 9,885,448 awarded shares were exercised during the year.


      On 7 September 2020, the board of the directors of the Company approved the grant of 10,000,000 shares through the
      share award scheme at nil consideration to Dr. Zhu. The fair value of the 10,000,000 awarded shares granted to Dr. Zhu is
      approximately HKD84,400,000 on the grant date. At the end of the reporting period, the Company had 2,750,000 awarded
      shares outstanding under the share award scheme, which represented approximately 0.11% of the Company’s shares in issue
      as at that date.




198    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                  31 December 2023




36. Share incentive scheme (continued)

   Restricted share incentive plan adopted by Sunshine Guojian


   As part of the Group’s initiatives to recognise the contributions of the selected participants, attract suitable personnel and
   provide the selected participants with a direct economic interest in attaining a long-term relationship between the Group
   and the selected participants, the board of the directors of Sunshine Guojian approved the adoption of the restricted share
   incentive plan of 2,670,600 shares with exercise price at RMB4.00 per share, as which 2,243,500 restricted shares were
   granted to 139 employees and 427,100 restricted shares were granted to 33 employees of Sunshine Guojian on 8 April 2021
   and 16 February 2022, respectively. Vesting conditions upon which the restricted shares will vest and become exercisable by
   batch include revenue growth rate and the progress of research and development programs from 2021 to 2023. If the vesting
   conditions are not met, the restricted shares will lapse.


   The fair value of the restricted shares at the grant date is estimated using a binomial option pricing model, taking into account
   the terms and conditions upon which the restricted shares were granted. There is no cash settlement of the restricted shares.


   There were no restricted shares exercised during the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB574,380). There were
   870,999 restricted shares lapsed during the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB1,225,221). At the end of the
   reporting period, Sunshine Guojian had no restricted shares outstanding under the restricted share incentive plan. The
   Group had written off recorded share-based payment expenses of RMB6,282,000 in the consolidated statement of profit or
   loss during the year ended 31 December 2023 and had recorded share-based payment expenses of RMB2,543,000 in the
   consolidated statement of profit or loss during the year ended 31 December 2022.



37. Reserves

   The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in
   equity.


   Statutory surplus reserves


   Pursuant to the relevant PRC rules and regulations, those PRC subsidiaries which are domestic enterprises in the PRC
   as mentioned in note 1 to the financial statements are required to transfer no less than 10% of their profits after taxation,
   as determined under PRC accounting regulations and their respective articles of association, to the statutory reserve until
   the reserve balance reaches 50% of the registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before the dividend
   distribution to shareholders.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023       199
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




38. Notes to the consolidated statement of cash flows

      (a)   Major non-cash transactions


            During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB6,678,000
            and RMB6,678,000, respectively, in respect of lease arrangements for certain buildings (2022: RMB9,885,000 and
            RMB11,831,000).


      (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities


            2023


                                                    Bank and other             Lease        Convertible           Bonds
                                                        borrowings          liabilities          bonds           payable
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


             At 1 January 2023                            2,315,007           39,821          2,163,735               —
             Changes from financing cash flows            1,229,711           (12,210)       (2,315,477)        1,200,000
             New leases                                          —              6,678                  —              —
             Interest accrual                                    —              3,259            23,885           25,606
             Exchange realignment                            29,618                 —          127,857               353


             At 31 December 2023                          3,574,336           37,548                   —        1,225,959


            2022


                                                                      Bank and other             Lease        Convertible
                                                                          borrowings           liabilities        bonds
                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                               (Restated)


             At 1 January 2022                                               314,337            42,944         2,271,598
             Changes from financing cash flows                             1,935,471           (16,727)         (227,873)
             New leases                                                             —           11,832                —
             Interest accrual                                                       —             1,772           54,649
             Exchange realignment                                             65,199                  —           65,361


             At 31 December 2022                                           2,315,007            39,821         2,163,735




200    3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2023




38. Notes to the consolidated statement of cash flows (continued)

   (c)   Total cash outflow for leases


         The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:


                                                                                                          2023                   2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                          (Restated)


           Within operating activities                                                                    8,437                  4,346
           Within financing activities                                                                  12,210                  16,727


                                                                                                        20,647                  21,073



39. Contingent liabilities

   Arbitration of Sunshine Guojian


   In July 2021, Aohai Biotechnology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Aohai”) filed an arbitration application with Shanghai International
   Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for a dispute with regard to its collaboration with Sunshine Guojian and the
   application has been accepted. Aohai requested to terminate its cooperation agreement with Sunshine Guojian signed in
   December 2015 with a compensation of RMB131.4 million. In August 2021, Sunshine Guojian received the dispute notice
   with a compensation of RMB131.1 million. In December 2022, Aohai altered the dispute application with a compensation of
   RMB401.02 million. At the date of approval of the consolidated financial statements, the arbitration is still in progress.


   The directors of the Company has made an overall analysis including obtaining a legal opinion from an external lawyer,
   according to which, the possibility of the compensation is remote. There is no significant impact to the consolidated financial
   statements as at 31 December 2023.



40. Pledge of assets

   Details of the Group’s interest-bearing bank and other borrowings which are secured by the assets of the Group are included
   in note 30 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023         201
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




41. Commitments

      The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


       Contracted, but not provided for:
          Plant and machinery                                                                          526,884            853,803
          Capital contribution payable to funds                                                        466,667            466,667


       Total                                                                                           993,551          1,320,470



42. Related party transactions

      Details of the Group’s principal related parties are as follows:


       Company                                                           Relationship


       Shenyang Sunshine Logistics Co., Ltd.                             Joint venture
          (“Shenyang Sunshine Logistics”)
       Dalian Huansheng Medical Investment Co., Ltd.                     Under control of certain middle management personnel
          (“Dalian Huansheng”)                                             of the Company
       Zhejiang Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd                         Under control of certain middle management personnel
          (“Zhejiang Sunshine”)                                            of the Company
       Medical Recovery Limited (“Medical Recovery”)                     Under control of directors of the Company
       Mighty Decade Limited (“Mighty Decade”)                           Under control of directors of the Company
       Numab                                                             Associate
       Shanghai Sunshine Guojian Biotechnology                           A private non-enterprise unit set up by Sunshine Guojian
          Research Institute (“Guojian Biotechnology”)




202    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                              31 December 2023




42. Related party transactions (continued)

   (a)   The Group had the following other transactions with related parties during the year:


                                                                                                                                     2023                  2022
                                                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                                                                     (Restated)


                Lease from Shenyang Sunshine Logistics                                                                               3,805                3,948
                Services received from Dalian Huansheng                                                                              3,383                6,419
                Licence fee to Numab                                                                                                    —               13,321
                Lease to Guojian Biotechnology                                                                                         55                     55
                Testing fee to Guojian Biotechnology                                                                                  100                      —


         *          The service prices were negotiated by the Group and the related parties in accordance with the market price.



   (b)   The Group had the following loans and prepayments with related parties during the year:


                                                                                                                                     2023                  2022
                                                                                                       Notes                  RMB’000                RMB’000


                Convertible loan including interest to Zhejiang Sunshine                                  (i)                           —                 6,826
                Loans to Dalian Huansheng                                                                 (ii)                      12,229              11,898
                Loans to Zhejiang Sunshine                                                                (iii)                     86,100              93,583
                Loans to Medical Recovery                                                                (iv)                      258,250             243,968
                Prepayments for shares repurchase to Mighty Decade                                        (v)                           —              223,854


         Notes:


         (i)        On 29 March 2016, Shenyang Sunshine lent to Zhejiang Sunshine, a related party which was under control of certain middle management
                    personnel of the Company, a convertible loan with a principal amount of RMB75,000,000 at an annual interest rate of 8%. The convertible loan can
                    be converted into equity interests in Zhejiang Sunshine at the discretion of Shenyang Sunshine. By 2020, Zhejiang Sunshine had repaid all of the
                    principal amount of RMB75,000,000. In 2022, Shenyang Sansheng exempted Zhejiang Sansheng from interest amounting to RMB6,826,000. There
                    were no accrued interest during the year (2022: RMB6,826,000).


         (ii)       It represents a loan to Dalian Huansheng with the principal amount of RMB10,000,000 and the interest rate is 4.35% per annum. Pursuant to a
                    supplemental agreement dated 25 May 2023, the maturity date was extended to 25 May 2024 and the interest rate was changed to 3.29%. The
                    accrued interest for the year of 2023 was RMB313,000 (2022: RMB376,000).




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023         203
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




42. Related party transactions (continued)

      (b)   The Group had the following loans and prepayments with related parties during the year:
            (continued)

            Notes: (continued)


            (iii)     On 8 August 2019, Shenyang Sunshine provided an entrusted loan with the principal amount of RMB30,000,000 to Zhejiang Sunshine at an annual
                      interest rate of 3.48% per annum. Pursuant to a supplemental agreement dated 7 August 2023, the maturity date was extended to 7 August 2024
                      and the interest rate was changed to 2.5%. In 2023, Shenyang Sansheng exempted Zhejiang Sansheng from interest amounting to RMB4,391,000
                      and the amount of loan with no interest is RMB30,000,000. There were no accrued interest during the year (2022: RMB1,095,000).


                      On 30 November 2020, Shenyang Sunshine provided an entrusted loan with the principal amount of RMB55,000,000 to Zhejiang Sunshine at an
                      annual interest rate of 3.15% per annum. Pursuant to supplemental agreements dated 16 December 2023, the maturity date was extended to 16
                      December 2024 and the nature of the loan was changed to an interest-free loan. In 2023, Shenyang Sansheng exempted Zhejiang Sansheng from
                      interest amounting to RMB5,203,000 and the amount of loan with no interest is RMB55,000,000. There were no accrued interest during the year
                      (2022: RMB1,993,000).


                      On 8 August 2018, Xing Sheng provided a loan of RMB1,100,000 to Zhejiang Sunshine with no maturity date and interest.


            (iv)      It represents a loan to Medical Recovery with the principal amount of USD30,000,000 and maturity date on 17 July 2023, which was secured by
                      mortgages over all assets of Medical Recovery. Pursuant to a supplemental agreement dated 17 July 2023, the maturity date was extended to and
                      17 July 2026. The interest rate is 4% per annum. The accrued interest for the year of 2023 was RMB10,738,000 (2022: RMB9,171,000). Medical
                      Recovery is a company set up for purposes of The Sun Shine Trust. The Sun Shine Trust is a gratuitous incentive scheme set up by certain directors
                      of the Group and it was established prior to the listing of the Company and Medical Recovery is considered a related party of the Group.


            (v)       On 22 December 2021, the Company prepaid RMB223,854,000 to Mighty Decade to repurchase 40,357,688 shares of the Company held by CS
                      Sunshine Investment Limited. The repurchase was completed on 13 January 2022.



      (c)   Outstanding balances with related parties:


            The Group had the following significant balances with its related parties at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                                                        2023                      2022
                                                                                                                                 RMB’000                   RMB’000


                Due from related parties
                    Medical Recovery                                                                                               191,186                   176,904
                    Directors and senior management                                                                                        28                    12,000


                                                                                                                                   191,214                   188,904


      (d)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:


            Key management compensation is detailed in notes 8 and 9 to the financial statements.

204    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                            31 December 2023




43. Financial instruments by category

   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


   2023


   Financial assets

                                                                                    Financial assets
                                                                                        at fair value
                                                                Financial assets      through other
                                                            at fair value through   comprehensive
                                                                   profit or loss           income
                                                                     Designated
                                                                   as such upon               Equity     Financial assets
                                                              initial recognition        investment     at amortised cost             Total
                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000


    Equity investments designated at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                             —             521,724                   —             521,724
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              3,302,596                  —                   —           3,302,596
    Financial assets included in prepayments,
       other receivables and other assets                                     —                   —              875,267            875,267
    Trade and notes receivables                                               —                   —            1,095,132          1,095,132
    Cash and cash balances                                                    —                   —            2,689,485          2,689,485
    Pledged deposits                                                          —                   —              195,432            195,432
    Non-pledged time deposits                                                 —                   —            2,015,347          2,015,347


    Total                                                              3,302,596            521,724            6,870,663         10,694,983




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023      205
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




43. Financial instruments by category (continued)

      The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
      (continued)


      2023 (continued)


      Financial liabilities


                                                                                                                       Financial
                                                                                                                    liabilities at
                                                                                                                amortised cost
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


       Trade and bills payables                                                                                          212,062
       Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                                   1,060,488
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                                      3,574,336
       Bonds payable                                                                                                   1,225,959


       Total                                                                                                           6,072,845




206    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                             31 December 2023




43. Financial instruments by category (continued)

   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
   (continued)


   2022


   Financial assets

                                                                                     Financial assets
                                                                                         at fair value
                                                                Financial assets       through other
                                                            at fair value through    comprehensive
                                                                   profit or loss            income
                                                                     Designated
                                                                  as such upon                Equity      Financial assets
                                                               initial recognition       investment      at amortised cost              Total
                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                                   (Restated)


    Equity investments designated at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                              —            554,974                    —             554,974
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss             4,861,054                    —                   —           4,861,054
    Financial assets included in prepayments,
       other receivables and other assets                                      —                   —             293,323             293,323
    Trade and notes receivables                                                —                   —           1,311,805           1,311,805
    Cash and cash balances                                                     —                   —           2,151,746           2,151,746
    Pledged deposits                                                           —                   —             208,392             208,392
    Non-pledged time deposits                                                  —                   —             201,183             201,183


    Total                                                             4,861,054             554,974            4,166,449           9,582,477




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023        207
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




43. Financial instruments by category (continued)

      The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
      (continued)


      2022 (continued)


      Financial liabilities


                                                                                                                        Financial
                                                                                                                      liabilities at
                                                                                                                  amortised cost
                                                                                                                       RMB’000
                                                                                                                       (Restated)


       Trade and bills payables                                                                                          249,521
       Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                                     727,360
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                                      2,315,007
       Convertible bonds                                                                                               2,163,735


       Total                                                                                                           5,455,623




208    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                     31 December 2023




44. Transfers of financial assets

   As at 31 December 2023, the Group endorsed certain notes receivable (the “Derecognised Bills”) accepted by major banks
   in Mainland China (the “PRC banks”) to certain of its suppliers in order to settle the trade payables due to such suppliers
   with a carrying amount totalling approximately RMB7,642,000 (2022: RMB8,297,000). The Derecognised Bills had a maturity
   of one to six months at the end of the reporting period. In accordance with the Law of Negotiable Instruments in the PRC,
   the holders of the Derecognised Bills have a right of recourse against the Group if the PRC banks default (the “Continuing
   Involvement”). In the opinion of the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the
   Derecognised Bills. Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the Derecognised Bills and the associated
   trade payables. The maximum exposure to loss from the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills and the
   undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these Derecognised Bills is equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of the
   directors, the fair values of the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills are not significant.


   During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group had not recognised any gain or loss on the date of transfer of the
   Derecognised Bills. No gains or losses were recognised from the Continuing Involvement, both during the year or cumulatively.
   The endorsements had been made evenly throughout the year.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023        209
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




45. Fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial instruments
      The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying amounts that
      reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:


                                                                  Carrying amounts                          Fair values
                                                            31 December          31 December       31 December        31 December
                                                                      2023                2022             2023                2022
                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                          (Restated)


       Financial assets
       Equity investments designated at fair value
          through other comprehensive income                      521,724              554,974          521,724            554,974
       Financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss                                3,302,596            4,861,054        3,302,596           4,861,054
       Non-pledged time deposits                                2,015,347              201,183        2,016,558            204,796


       Total                                                    5,839,667            5,617,211        5,840,878           5,620,824


       Financial liabilities
       Interest-bearing bank borrowings:
          non-current                                           1,462,733            1,901,748        1,424,483           1,902,998
       Bonds payable                                            1,225,959                    —        1,225,959                   —
       Convertible bonds                                                 —           2,163,735                —           2,163,735


       Total                                                    2,688,692            4,065,483        2,650,442           4,066,733


      Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade and notes receivables,
      trade and bills payables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, financial liabilities
      included in other payables and accruals, the current portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings approximate to
      their carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.


      The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies and procedures
      for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance manager reports directly to the chief financial officer
      and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the movements in the values of financial
      instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief
      financial officer. The valuation process and results are discussed with the audit committee twice a year for interim and annual
      financial reporting.


      The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in
      a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.



210    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2023




45. Fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial instruments
    (continued)

   The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:


   The fair values of the non-current portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, bonds payable and
   convertible bonds and non-pledged time deposits have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using
   rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as
   a result of the Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-bearing bank and other borrowings as at 31 December 2023
   were assessed to be insignificant. The fair value of the liability portion of the convertible bonds is estimated by discounting the
   expected future cash flows using an equivalent market interest rate for a similar convertible bonds with consideration of the
   Group’s own non-performance risk.


   The fair values of listed equity investments are based on quoted market prices. The fair values of unlisted equity investments
   designated at fair value through other comprehensive income have been estimated using a market-based valuation
   technique based on assumptions that are not supported by observable market prices or rates. The valuation requires the
   directors to determine comparable public companies (peers) based on industry, size, leverage and strategy, and to calculate
   an appropriate price multiple, such as enterprise value to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation
   (“EV/EBITDA”) multiple and price to earnings (“P/E”) multiple, for each comparable company identified. The multiple is
   calculated by dividing the enterprise value of the comparable company by an earnings measure. The trading multiple is then
   discounted for considerations such as illiquidity and size differences between the comparable companies based on company-
   specific facts and circumstances. The discounted multiple is applied to the corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted
   equity investments to measure the fair value. The directors believe that the estimated fair values resulting from the valuation
   technique, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and the related changes in fair values, which
   are recorded in other comprehensive income, are reasonable, and that they were the most appropriate values at the end of
   the reporting period.


   The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent treasury or cash management products issued by banks and
   other financial institutions in Chinese Mainland and other countries. The Group has estimated the fair value of an unlisted
   investment by using a discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar
   terms and risks.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023       211
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




45. Fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial instruments
    (continued)

      Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments together with a quantitative
      sensitivity analysis as at 31 December 2023 and 2022:


                                     Valuation         Significant
                                     technique         unobservable input     Range             Sensitivity of fair value to the input


       Unlisted equity investments   Market approach   Discount for lack of   2023:             10% (2022: 10%)
                                                         marketability          (10%) to 10%      increase/decrease in discount
                                                                              (2022:              would result in decrease/increase
                                                                                (10%) to 10%)     in fair value of RMB46,000 and
                                                                                                  RMB46,000, respectively
                                                                                                  (2022: RMB89,000 and RMB89,000)


      The discount for lack of marketability represents the amounts of premiums and discounts determined by the Group that
      market participants would take into account when pricing the investments.




212    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                  31 December 2023




45. Fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial instruments
    (continued)
   Fair value hierarchy

   The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

   Assets measured at fair value:

   As at 31 December 2023

                                                                 Fair value measurement using
                                                      Quoted prices           Significant        Significant
                                                           in active          observable       unobservable
                                                           markets                inputs             inputs
                                                           (Level 1)            (Level 2)          (Level 3)             Total
                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000


    Equity investments designated at fair value
       through other comprehensive income:
       Listed equity investments                              104,133                   —                  —            104,133
       Unlisted equity investments                                 —                    —             417,591           417,591
    Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss:
       Treasury or cash management products                         —           3,302,596                   —         3,302,596


    Total                                                     104,133           3,302,596             417,591         3,824,320


   As at 31 December 2022

                                                                   Fair value measurement using
                                                        Quoted prices           Significant         Significant
                                                             in active         observable        unobservable
                                                             markets                inputs              inputs
                                                             (Level 1)            (Level 2)           (Level 3)           Total
                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000


    Equity investments designated at fair value
       through other comprehensive income:
       Listed equity investments                              135,159                   —                  —            135,159
       Unlisted equity investments                                 —                    —             419,815           419,815
    Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss:
       Treasury or cash management products                         —           4,861,054                   —         4,861,054


    Total                                                     135,159           4,861,054             419,815         5,416,028



                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023     213
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




45. Fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial instruments
    (continued)

      Fair value hierarchy (continued)


      Assets measured at fair value: (continued)


      The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                       2023                  2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


       Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income:
       At 1 January                                                                                 419,815           354,609
       Purchases                                                                                     72,709             47,394
       Redemption of investments                                                                    (14,488)            (5,948)
       Transfer to listed equity investment, net                                                         —              (7,268)
       Total gains recognised in other comprehensive income                                         (60,445)            31,028


       At 31 December                                                                               417,591           419,815


      The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.




214    3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                     31 December 2023




45. Fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial instruments
    (continued)

   Fair value hierarchy (continued)


   During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or out
   of Level 3 for financial liabilities (2022: Nil), and there were no transfers of fair value measurements from Level 3 to Level 1 for
   financial assets (2022: RMB7,268,000).


   Assets for which fair values are disclosed:


   As at 31 December 2023


                                                                  Fair value measurement using

                                                       Quoted prices            Significant         Significant
                                                              in active        observable        unobservable
                                                              markets                inputs              inputs
                                                              (Level 1)           (Level 2)            (Level 3)               Total
                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000


    Non-pledged time deposits                                        —           2,016,558                    —           2,016,558


   As at 31 December 2022


                                                                    Fair value measurement using

                                                         Quoted prices           Significant          Significant
                                                               in active         observable       unobservable
                                                               markets                inputs              inputs
                                                               (Level 1)           (Level 2)            (Level 3)               Total
                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000


    Non-pledged time deposits                                        —             204,796                    —             204,796




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023        215
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




45. Fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial instruments
    (continued)

      Fair value hierarchy (continued)


      Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:


      As at 31 December 2023


                                                                  Fair value measurement using

                                                         Quoted prices        Significant          Significant
                                                              in active       observable      unobservable
                                                              markets              inputs              inputs
                                                              (Level 1)          (Level 2)           (Level 3)        Total
                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000


       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings:
         non-current                                                 —         1,424,483                    —     1,424,483
       Bonds payable                                                 —         1,225,959                    —     1,225,959


       Total                                                         —         2,650,442                    —     2,650,442


      As at 31 December 2022


                                                                    Fair value measurement using

                                                          Quoted prices         Significant         Significant
                                                               in active       observable      unobservable
                                                               markets              inputs              inputs
                                                               (Level 1)          (Level 2)           (Level 3)       Total
                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000      RMB’000


       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings:
         non-current                                                 —         1,902,998                    —     1,902,998
       Convertible bonds                                             —         2,163,735                    —     2,163,735


       Total                                                         —         4,066,733                    —     4,066,733




216    3SBIO INC.
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                    31 December 2023




46. Financial risk management objectives and policies

   The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, interest-bearing bank and
   other borrowings, lease liabilities, bonds payable and convertible bonds. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to
   raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities, such as trade and notes
   receivables and trade and bills payables, which arise directly from its operations.


   The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk, liquidity
   risk and equity price risk. The board of directors and senior management meet periodically to analyse and formulate measures
   to manage the Group’s exposure to these risks.


   Interest rate risk


   The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk due to fluctuations in the prevailing market interest rates on cash and
   cash equivalents, and pledged and non-pledged deposits. Management considers that these bank balances are not sensitive
   to fluctuations in interest rates.


   The Group’s interest rate risk relates primarily to bank borrowings. The Group currently does not have an interest rate hedging
   policy. However, management monitors interest rate exposure and will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure
   should the need arise. The Group’s interest rate profile as monitored by management is set out in note 30 to the financial
   statements.


   Foreign currency risk

   The Group’s business is mainly located in Chinese Mainland and most transactions are conducted in RMB. Most of the
   Group’s assets and liabilities were denominated in RMB, except for certain bank balances denominated in USD, HKD, GBP
   and EUR as disclosed in note 26, non-current portion of interest-bearing bank borrowings denominated in USD, HKD and
   EUR as disclosed in note 30 and Euro-denominated convertible bonds as disclosed in note 31 to the financial statements.


   The Group’s assets and liabilities denominated in USD and EUR were mainly held by the Company and certain subsidiaries
   incorporated outside Chinese Mainland which had USD and EUR as their functional currencies, and the Group did not have
   material foreign currency transactions during the year.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023       217
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




46. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

      Credit risk


      As at 31 December 2023, all pledged deposits and cash and cash equivalents were deposited in high quality financial
      institutions without significant credit risk.


      The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who wish
      to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an
      ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not significant.


      Maximum exposure and year-end staging


      The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit policy, which is
      mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging
      classification as at 31 December 2023. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.


      As at 31 December 2023


                                                      12-month
                                                         ECLs                   Lifetime ECLs

                                                                                                     Simplified
                                                       Stage 1        Stage 2          Stage 3       approach              Total
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


       Trade and notes receivables*                         —               —                —        1,095,132        1,095,132
       Financial assets included in
          prepayments, other receivables
          and other assets*                                 —               —                —          875,267          875,267
       Pledged deposits
          — Not yet past due                           195,432              —                —                —          195,432
       Cash and cash balances
          — Not yet past due                          2,689,485             —                —                —        2,689,485
       Non-pledged time deposits
          — Not yet past due                          2,015,347             —                —                —        2,015,347


       Total                                          4,900,264             —                —        1,970,399        6,870,663




218    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                                 31 December 2023




46. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

   Credit risk (continued)


   Maximum exposure and year-end staging (continued)


   As at 31 December 2022


                                                               12-month
                                                                     ECLs                             Lifetime ECLs

                                                                                                                                  Simplified
                                                                 Stage 1                Stage 2               Stage 3             approach                Total
                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000             RMB’000


       Trade and notes receivables*                                      —                     —                     —           1,311,805           1,311,805
       Financial assets included in
         prepayments, other receivables
         and other assets*                                               —                     —                     —              293,323            293,323
       Pledged deposits
         — Not yet past due                                      208,392                       —                     —                      —          208,392
       Cash and cash balances
         — Not yet past due                                   2,151,746                        —                     —                      —        2,151,746
       Non-pledged time deposits
         — Not yet past due                                      201,183                       —                     —                      —          201,183


       Total                                                  2,561,321                        —                     —           1,605,128           4,166,449


   *       For trade and notes receivables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets to which the Group applies the simplified
           approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix is disclosed in note 23 and note 24 to the financial statements.



   Since the Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties, there is no requirement for collateral. Concentrations
   of credit risk are managed by customer/counterparty and by geographical region. There are no significant concentrations of
   credit risk within the Group as the customer bases of the Group’s trade and notes receivables are widely dispersed in different
   regions.




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023         219
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




46. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

      Liquidity risk


      The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds based on the maturity of its financial assets and financial liabilities and
      projected cash flows from operations.


      The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of interest-bearing
      bank and other borrowings, bonds payable, convertible bonds, lease liabilities and issue of new debts or equity instruments.
      The directors have reviewed the Group’s profitability, working capital and capital expenditure requirements and determined
      that the Group has no significant liquidity risk.


      The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at the end of the reporting period, based on the contractual undiscounted
      payments, is as follows:


      Group


                                                                                             2023
                                                               Less than       3 to less than
                                                                3 months          12 months         1 to 10 years                Total
                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000


       Financial liabilities:
       Trade and bills payables                                  182,065               27,840                2,157            212,062
       Financial liabilities included in other
          payables and accruals                                  887,371              145,967              27,150           1,060,488
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                   5,006           2,106,597           1,462,733           3,574,336
       Bonds payable                                                    —                   —           1,225,959           1,225,959
       Lease liabilities                                            5,125                 751              39,315              45,191


       Total                                                   1,079,567            2,281,155           2,757,314           6,118,036




220    3SBIO INC.
                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                       31 December 2023




46. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
   Liquidity risk (continued)

   Group (continued)


                                                                                             2022
                                                               Less than        3 to less than                 1 to
                                                               3 months            12 months              10 years                 Total
                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                             (Restated)


    Financial liabilities:
    Trade and bills payables                                    218,001                28,440                3,080             249,521
    Financial liabilities included in other
       payables and accruals                                    654,515                21,919              50,926              727,360
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                    50,259             363,000            1,901,748            2,315,007
    Convertible bonds                                                  —                    —           2,163,735            2,163,735
    Lease liabilities                                              1,586                9,603              37,736               48,925


    Total                                                       924,361              422,962            4,157,225            5,504,548


   Equity price risk

   Equity price risk is the risk that the fair values of equity securities decrease as a result of changes in the levels of equity indices
   and the value of individual securities. The Group is exposed to equity price risk arising from individual equity investments
   included in equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (note 20) as at 31 December
   2023 and 31 December 2022. The Group’s major listed equity investments during the year ended 31 December 2023 were
   listed on the Euronext Stock Market (“Euronext”) and Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Market (“HKEX”) and were valued
   at quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period.


   At 31 December 2023, if the quoted market price of these financial assets held by the Group had increased/decreased by
   10%, with all other variables held constant, other comprehensive income and equity would have been RMB10,413,000 (2022:
   RMB13,516,000) and RMB10,413,000 (2022: RMB13,516,000) higher/lower respectively as a result of the changes in fair
   value of these financial assets.


   Capital management

   The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
   and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders’ value.


   The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions. To
   maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may issue new shares or debt instruments. No changes were made in the
   objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the year ended 31 December 2023.


                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023        221
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




46. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

      Capital management (continued)


      The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities and
      bonds payable divided by the total equity.


      The gearing ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:


                                                                                              31 December         31 December
                                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings (note 30)                                        3,574,336          2,315,007
       Lease liabilities (note 15(b))                                                                 37,548             39,821
       Bonds payable (note 32)                                                                     1,225,959          2,163,735


       Net debt                                                                                    4,837,843          4,518,563


       Total equity                                                                              16,513,600         15,363,581


       Gearing ratio                                                                                  29.3%              29.4%



47. Event after the reporting period

      A final dividend in respect of the year 2023 of HKD0.25 per share was proposed pursuant to a resolution passed by the Board
      of the Company on 20 March 2024 and subject to the approval of the shareholders at the 2023 annual general meeting of the
      Company.


      A final dividend in respect of the year 2023 of RMB0.15 per share was proposed pursuant to a resolution passed by the
      Board of Sunshine Guojian on 20 March 2024 and subject to the approval of the shareholders at the 2023 annual general
      meeting of Sunshine Guojian.




222    3SBIO INC.
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                  31 December 2023




48. Statement of financial position of the Company
   Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:


                                                                                                        2023                  2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000


    NON-CURRENT ASSETS
    Investments in subsidiaries                                                                    3,214,824           3,163,537
    Investments in associates                                                                              —                     —
    Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income                   139,971                128,072


    Total non-current assets                                                                       3,354,795           3,291,609


    CURRENT ASSETS
    Due from subsidiaries                                                                          2,502,081           1,034,071
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                         34,929                 13,848


    Total current assets                                                                           2,537,010           1,047,919


    CURRENT LIABILITIES
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                     1,259,060                     —
    Other payables and accruals                                                                       24,216                714,467


    Total current liabilities                                                                      1,283,276                714,467


    NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                             1,253,734                333,452


    TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                          4,608,529           3,625,061


    NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
    Bonds payable                                                                                  1,225,959                     —
    Total non-current liabilities                                                                  1,225,959                     —


    Net assets                                                                                     3,382,570           3,625,061


    EQUITY
    Share capital                                                                                         149                  149
    Share premium (note)                                                                           3,426,160           3,602,310
    Other reserves (note)                                                                             (43,739)               22,602


    Total equity                                                                                   3,382,570           3,625,061



                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023        223
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023




48. Statement of financial position of the Company (continued)
      Note:


      A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                                  Exchange
                                                  Share    Contributed   Treasury    Fair value   fluctuation   Retained
                                                premium        surplus     shares      reserve       reserve    earnings        Total
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000


      At 1 January 2022                       4,077,545       144,545          —      (59,701)      (20,805)     (59,320)   4,082,264


      Total comprehensive income for
        the year                                      —            —           —      (70,982)      306,581     420,620      656,219
      Shares repurchased                              —            —     (711,321)          —             —           —      (711,321)
      Shares cancelled                         (475,674)           —     475,680            —             —           —             6
      Final 2021 dividend                             —            —           —            —             —     (417,140)    (417,140)
      Shares issued upon exercise of
        share options (note 34)                     439        14,445          —            —             —           —       14,884


      At 31 December 2022                     3,602,310       158,990    (235,641)   (130,683)      285,776      (55,840)   3,624,912


      Total comprehensive loss for
        the year                                      —            —           —        1,614        63,681      (84,867)     (19,572)
      Final 2022 dividend                      (224,883)           —           —            —             —           —      (224,883)
      Shares issued upon exercise of
        share options (note 34)                  48,733       (48,396)         —            —             —           —          337
      Equity-settled share option scheme              —         1,627          —            —             —           —         1,627


      At 31 December 2023                     3,426,160       112,221    (235,641)   (129,069)      349,457     (140,707)   3,382,421




49. Approval of the financial statements

      The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 20 March 2024.




224    3SBIO INC.
