                        20   Annual
                             Report




For personal use only
                        19
                             Cedar Woods Properties Limited ABN 47 009 259 081
For personal use only        About Cedar Woods
                             Cedar Woods Properties Limited (“Cedar Woods”) is a national developer of residential communities
                             and commercial properties.

                             Established in 1987, Cedar Woods has grown to become one of the country’s leading developers.

                             The company has established a reputation for delivering long-term shareholder value underpinned by
                             its disciplined approach to acquisitions, the rigour and thoughtfulness of its designs, and the creation of
                             dynamic communities that meet the evolving needs of its customers.

                             Cedar Woods’ diversified product mix ranges from land subdivisions in emerging residential
                             communities, to medium and high-density apartments and townhouses in vibrant inner-city
                             neighbourhoods and supporting retail and commercial developments. Cedar Woods’ developments
                             epitomise the company’s long-standing commitment to quality.




           2        CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
For personal use only
                        Contents
                        Letter from the Chairman.................................................................................... 4

                        Letter from the Managing Director...................................................................... 6

                        Financial Performance Highlights....................................................................... 8

                        Our Business.................................................................................................... 10

                        Financial and Operating Review....................................................................... 13

                        Directors’ Report............................................................................................... 24

                        Directors’ Report: Chair of the Human Resources and
                        Remuneration Committee’s Letter to Shareholders.......................................... 29

                        Directors’ Report - Remuneration Report.......................................................... 30

                        Auditor’s independence declaration.................................................................. 51

                        Financial Statements........................................................................................ 54

                        Notes to the Financial Statements.................................................................... 59

                          Section A: Key Numbers................................................................................ 60

                          Section B: Financial risks............................................................................... 79

                          Section C: Group Structure............................................................................ 87

                          Section D: Unrecognised Items...................................................................... 93

                          Section E: Further Information....................................................................... 95

                        Directors’ Declaration.......................................................................................109

                        Independent Auditor’s report............................................................................110

                        Shareholders’ Information................................................................................116

                        Five Year Financial Performance.....................................................................120




                                                                                                                             2019 ANNUAL REPORT   3
                        Letter from




For personal use only
                        the Chairman




                        “Developing and maintaining a high performance
                          culture is one of Cedar Woods’ Strategic Priorities”




           4        CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
For personal use only
                                                                               The Company has also used this period to build the
                                                                               foundations to support growth by sharpening our
                                                                               internal systems and processes to ensure Cedar
                                                                               Woods is appropriately set up for the future.
                                                                               The ongoing assessment by our Audit & Risk
                                                                               Committee of the risk factors that may affect the
                                                                               Company in the short and medium term, keeps us
                                                                               alert to emerging matters and suitably equips us to
                                                                               navigate them effectively.
                                                                               Over the years Cedar Woods has established
                                                                               a reputation for strong governance, through the
                                                                               recruitment and retention of a skills-based Board
                                                                               with appropriate independence, especially across
                                                                               its various committees. This reputation was tested
                                                                               in recent months when one of our independent
                                                                               directors was required to take leave of absence due
                                                                               to health issues.
                                                                               Fortunately, we were in the enviable position of
                                                                               having two exceptionally skilled, independent
                                                                               directors available to step up and chair the Audit
                                                                               & Risk and Human Resources & Remuneration
                                                                               Committees, and I thank them for their continued
                                                                               support.
                                                                               With a shared commitment to developing
                                                                               sustainable communities for our customers, and
                        One of the most rewarding aspects of seeing a
                                                                               delivering consistent returns for our shareholders,
                        Company grow over more than three decades is to
                                                                               it is my privilege to thank Nathan and his team for
                        witness the evolution of its culture. In the case of
                                                                               their valuable contribution to Cedar Woods, and
                        Cedar Woods, this cultural evolution has created an
                                                                               congratulate them on delivering a record profit and
                        impenetrable point of difference between us and our
                                                                               positioning the Company for further growth.
                        competitors and an environment for our people to
                        grow and advance their careers.                        On behalf of the Board, I also take this opportunity
                                                                               to thank our loyal and longstanding shareholders
                        A sharp focus on developing and maintaining a
                                                                               for their support and we look forward to serving you
                        High-Performance Culture is one of Cedar Woods’
                                                                               over the next 12 months.
                        Strategic Priorities and, along with the other
                        priorities of Operational Excellence, Financial        Sincerely,
                        Strength and Earnings Growth, provides an
                        environment for sustained success.
                        While the Australian property market has been
                        challenging over the past 12 months, it has also       William Hames
                        created opportunity for a well-disciplined company     Chairman
                        such as Cedar Woods. Through our corporate
                        planning, which guides management and provides
                        a five-year forward view, we have been active in
                        sourcing and assessing potential development
                        opportunities.




                                                                                                                2019 ANNUAL REPORT    5
                        Letter from




For personal use only
                        the Managing Director




                        “Our vision – to be the best Australian property
                          company renowned for performance and quality
                          – is a constant in everything we do”




           6        CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
For personal use only
                                                                                Our vision – to be the best Australian property
                                                                                company renowned for performance and quality – is
                                                                                a constant in everything we do and manifests itself
                                                                                through examples such as
                                                                                •   Bushmead estate in WA, recognized by
                                                                                    industry with the prestigious 2018 UDIA Enviro-
                                                                                    Development Chairman’s Choice award for WA
                                                                                •   Strong EPS growth and total shareholder
                                                                                    returns relative to peer companies and
                                                                                    benchmark indices such as the S&P Small
                                                                                    Industrials Index (XSIAI) over the last 3 years

                                                                                Customer surveys during the year produced
                                                                                pleasing results. Our aim to deliver innovative
                                                                                products with lasting quality is recognised by our
                                                                                customers, and this showed through at Glenside
                                                                                in Adelaide when our first customers were recently
                                                                                handed the keys to their homes.
                                                                                During the year we have focused on streamlining
                                                                                our systems as part of our journey to achieving
                                                                                Operational Excellence, including updating
                        The 2019 financial year has seen the achievement        technology throughout the business and integrating
                        of some record results for Cedar Woods, with the        financial systems, and we will continue to seek
                        adherence to our Strategic Priorities fundamental to    opportunities to innovate and lead in our sector.
                        our success.
                                                                                We enter the new financial year in a strong position,
                        These priorities have kept us focused, supporting the   both operationally and financially, with more than
                        successful execution of our diversification strategy    9000 lots/units in our development pipeline and $330
                        – by geography, product type and price point – and      million of presale contracts in place, which is $10
                        demonstrated through revenue contributions from         million higher than the same time last year.
                        projects across all four states in which we operate
                                                                                Given the continued market uncertainty, this is
                        for the first time.
                                                                                significant, and provides the confidence to our
                        Financially, this has resulted in record sales of       funding partners and for Cedar Woods to seek out
                        $375.9 million (up 56 per cent), record net profit      and assess further growth opportunities.
                        of $48.6 million (up 14 per cent) and 13 per cent
                                                                                With active projects across Queensland, South
                        growth in earnings per share for the 2019 financial
                                                                                Australia, Victoria and Western Australia, it’s an
                        year. With a full year dividend of 31.5 cents, we
                                                                                exciting time to be a part of the Cedar Woods
                        have delivered a sound 5.3 per cent return to our
                                                                                journey and a privilege to lead such a high-
                        highly valued shareholders.
                                                                                performing team.
                        Core to our strategy is creating a positive culture
                                                                                I thank the Board for its continued support, the staff
                        in which people can thrive. This has created a
                                                                                for their commitment, and I look forward to more
                        competitive advantage that is almost impossible to
                                                                                shared success in the 2020 financial year and
                        replicate.
                                                                                beyond.
                        In my two years as Managing Director, I am regularly
                                                                                Sincerely,
                        reminded of Cedar Woods’ total commitment and
                        alignment, at all levels of the team, to who we are,
                        why we exist, our purpose, company vision and our
                        values.

                                                                                Nathan Blackburne
                                                                                Managing Director




                                                                                                                  2019 ANNUAL REPORT     7
                        Financial
                        Performance Highlights




For personal use only
                        Net Profit

                        $48.6m                       2019

                             Up 14%                  2018



                        Total Revenue

                        $375.9m                      2019

                             Up 56%                  2018



                        Earnings Per Share

                        60.9c                        2019

                             Up 13%                  2018



                        Full Year Dividends

                        31.5c                        2019

                             Up 5%                   2018




           8        CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
For personal use only
                        Return On Equity     Total Shareholder Return


                        12.9%                       5.3%
                          Above company        Sound shareholder returns
                            benchmark




                        Presales Contracts     Net Bank Debt to Equity

                        $330m                      28.0%
                               Up $10m       At the lower end of target range



                                                                   2019 ANNUAL REPORT   9
                    Our Business
                    Our History

                    Cedar Woods was established in 1987 and listed on the ASX (Code: CWP) in 1994. Starting out as mainly a
                    developer of master planned communities in Western Australia, the company progressively branched out into




For personal use only
                    new product areas and geographies. The company expanded into Melbourne in 1997, then Brisbane in 2014
                    and Adelaide in 2016 and now has a significant portfolio of quality developments delivering residential lots,
                    townhouses, apartments and commercial projects.

                    The company is known for taking on complex, large scale projects, adding value through planning design
                    and delivery and generating strong returns from multi-year projects. As a result, it has built a reputation as an
                    innovative and diversified property company with a track record of strong financial performance, sustained
                    since inception.


                    Our Purpose, Vision & Values

                    Our Purpose, Vision and Values inform every decision we make, guide our conduct internally and our
                    relationships with partners, customers and investors.

                    We are proud to be a leading national property developer, and with an ongoing commitment to our strategy
                    and our values, we look forward to fulfilling our vision of becoming the best Australian property company,
                    renowned for performance and quality.




                                                      Purpose
                                                           Our purpose is to
                                                        create long term value
                                                      for shareholders through
                                                          the development of
                                                         vibrant communities.




                             Vision                                                       Values
                                                                                      WE DO WHAT WE SAY WE’LL DO
                          Our vision is to be the                            	      We deliver what we say we will for all
                         best Australian property                                              our stakeholders.
                          company renowned for                                        WE ARE PEOPLE DEVELOPERS
                         performance and quality.                            	       We are committed to developing our
                                                                                    people so that they thrive in their careers.
                                                                                     WE THINK ABOUT TOMORROW
                                                                             	 We take a long-term view of our performance
                                                                                         and the product we deliver.
                                                                                         WE STRIVE TO SUCCEED
                                                                             	      We are driven to succeed in all aspects
                                                                                                of our business.




           10       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Our Strategy

                        Our strategy is to grow our national project portfolio, diversified by geography, product type and price point, so




For personal use only
                        that it continues to hold broad customer appeal and performs well in a range of market conditions.




                                                                     Geography
                                                                     Good geographic spread of well located projects in 4 states.




                                                                     Product Type
                                                                     Range of housing lots, townhouses, apartments and office products.




                                                                     Price Point
                                                                     Wide range of price points offered with Western Australia,
                                                                     South Australia and Queensland offering good affordability.




                        Value Creation Model

                        We deliver on our strategy via our value creation model.




                             Property                                      Development                                     Marketing
                            Acquisitions                                                                                    & Sales
                          Disciplined approach to acquisitions            Research, design, planning and delivery    Integrated approach to optimise results
                          •	Tactical and research based decisions        •	Sustainable designs that optimise       •	Positioning projects to maximise
                             to identify projects                            quality, functionality, environmental      demand
                          •	Rigorous assessment and                         outcomes and returns                    •	Pre-sell to underwrite projects
                             conservative assumptions                     •	Collaborative approach with community   •	Quality brands and marketing material
                          •	Structure contracts to minimise risks           and authorities
                                                                                                                     • Lead generation and sales conversion
                             and optimise returns                         •	Negotiate deliverable and
                                                                             speedy approvals                        • Customer nurturing and referrals

                                                                          • Structure contracts to minimise risks
                                                                          • Manage construction closely




                                                                                                                                         2019 ANNUAL REPORT     11
                    Strategic Priorities

                    We optimise business performance through a focus on four strategic priorities.



                        High Performance Culture




For personal use only
                        On Creating a progressive, high-spirited work environment with strong staff
                        alignment to values and objectives, where top talent work collaboratively
                        and high performance is rewarded.




                        Operational Excellence
                        Being operationally strong and safe through renewed and integrated systems
                        and technologies, and having a strong corporate brand with quality projects.




                        Financial Strength
                        Optimising performance through disciplined capital management, a commercial
                        focus, cost minimisation and maintaining a strong balance sheet.




                        Earnings Growth
                        Pursuit of earnings growth is the key metric to achieve our primary objective
                        of creating long-term value for our shareholders. This may be achieved
                        organically, by mergers and acquisitions or through new business areas.



                    Strategic actions, which change over time, are determined under each of these priority areas and are
                    implemented throughout the business.

                    Governance

                    The Board of Cedar Woods is committed to achieving and demonstrating the highest standards of corporate
                    governance. The Board continues to review the governance framework and practices to ensure they meet the
                    interests of shareholders.
                    Cedar Woods has taken the opportunity to publish the Corporate Governance Statement on its website rather
                    than include it in the Annual Report. A copy of the Corporate Governance Statement and related documents can
                    be downloaded from the ‘Our Company’ section of the website www.cedarwoods.com.au.
                    Other information available under the Governance section of the website includes:
                    •   Board and Committee Charters
                    •   Risk Management Policy
                    •   Investor Communications Policy
                    •   Continuous Disclosure Policy
                    •   Performance Evaluation Policy
                    •   Privacy Policy
                    •   Primary Objectives and Company Code of Conduct
                    •   Securities Trading Policy
                    •   Diversity Policy
                    •   Conflicts of Interest Policy




           12       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                     Financial and Operating Review
                                     On behalf of the Board, we are pleased to present the financial and operating review of Cedar Woods to
                                     shareholders.




For personal use only
                                     Financial Review
                                     The following summarises the results of operations during the year and the financial position of the
                                     consolidated entity at 30 June 2019:

                                     2019 financial highlights

                                     •    Record net profit of $48,644,000, up 14.2 per cent on the prior year
                                     •    Total dividends of 31.5 cents per share, up 5.0 per cent, generating a fully franked yield of 5.5 per cent
                                     •    Strong earnings per share of 60.9 cents, up 13.0 per cent on the prior year
                                     •    Low level of bank debt and strong interest cover
                                     •    Total shareholder return of 5.3 per cent


                                     Net Profit After Tax (NPAT) and Dividends paid

                                     In FY2019, the company delivered a record profit of $48.6 million, an increase of 14.2 per cent over the prior
                                     year. This returned the company to a trend of profit growth over the last nine years, after a dip in FY2018, and
                                     dividends declared growing from 23.0 cents to 31.5 cents per share over the same period.

                                     NPAT and Dividends declared since FY11

                                     50
                                                                                                                                               30

                                     45


                                     40                                                                                                        25


                                     35
                                                                                                                                               20
                                     30


                                     25
                                                                                                                                               15

                                     20

                                                                                                                                               10
                                     15


                                     10
                                                                                                                                                5

                                     5

                        $ Millions                                                                                                                  Cents
                                     0                                                                                                          0
                                               FY11      FY12          FY13       FY14       FY15       FY16   FY17      FY18         FY19


                                                NET PROFIT AFTER TAX          NET PROFIT AFTER TAX FY2019        DIVIDENDS DECLARED




                                                                                                                                      2019 ANNUAL REPORT    13
                    2019 financial results summary

                                                                                               2019             2018
                        Year ended 30 June                                                    $’000            $’000        % Change

                        Revenue (2018 restated)                                            375,857           240,495            56.3%




For personal use only
                        Net profit after tax (NPAT)                                          48,644           42,603            14.2%

                        Total assets                                                       571,711           601,516            (5.0%)

                        Net bank debt                                                      105,314           109,134            (3.5%)

                        Shareholders’ equity                                               376,530           353,186             6.6%


                    Key performance indicators

                        Year ended 30 June                                                    2019              2018        % Change

                        Basic earnings per share                                ¢              60.9              53.9             13.0

                        Diluted earnings per share                              ¢              60.6              53.7             12.8

                        Dividends per share – fully franked                     ¢              31.5              30.0              5.0

                        Return on equity                                        %              12.9              12.1              0.8

                        Return on capital                                       %              14.9              14.1              0.8

                        Total shareholder return (1 year)                       %               5.3              16.5            (11.2)

                        Net bank debt to equity – 30 June                       %              28.0              30.9             (2.9)

                        Net bank debt to total tangible assets (less cash)      %              18.9              18.9              0.0

                        Interest cover                                          x               8.6               8.5              1.2

                        Net asset backing per share – historical cost           $              4.70             4.44               5.9

                        Shares on issue – end of year                         ’000           80,118           79,517               0.8

                        Stock market capitalisation at 30 June               $’000         456,671           458,015              (0.3)

                        Share price at 30 June                                  $              5.70             5.76               1.0


                    Financial year overview

                    During FY2019, challenging market conditions persisted in most Australian property markets, with significant
                    falls in house prices experienced in Melbourne and Sydney, while other state markets were subdued, with
                    pricing more stable. The company continued to complete counter-cyclical acquisitions, with land for new
                    projects acquired at Brabham and Subiaco in Western Australia.

                    Revenue was 56 per cent higher than the prior year mainly due to the settlement of the Target Head Office
                    in December 2018, an eight per cent increase in product settled and a higher proportion of apartments and
                    townhouses, which have a higher price point than land lots. Gross margin remains strong at 29 per cent
                    although compressed from 41 per cent in the prior corresponding period (pcp) as a result of changes to
                    product mix and some discounting. Consequently, there was a 14.2 per cent increase in NPAT for the year.

                    The year closed with a full year net profit of $48.6 million and basic earnings per share of 60.9 cents, an
                    increase of 13.0 per cent on the previous year. The Board has declared a full year dividend of 31.5 cents per
                    share. This is consistent with the Board’s policy of distributing approximately 50 per cent of full year net profit
                    to shareholders, providing a high-yield return of approximately five per cent at year end.

                    Return on equity of 12.9 per cent and return on capital of 14.9 per cent were above the company’s
                    benchmarks of 10 per cent and 12 per cent respectively.

                    The one-year total shareholder return was 5.3 per cent, supported by the strong dividend yield.




           14       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Capital Management

                        At 30 June 2019, net bank debt stood at a conservative $105 million. Net bank debt-to-equity at 30 June 2019
                        was 28 per cent, at the lower end of the company’s target debt to equity range of 20-75 per cent. Net debt to
                        total tangible assets less cash was 18.9 per cent at year end and interest cover was at a favourable 8.6 times.

                        The dividend reinvestment and bonus share plans have been reintroduced for the FY2019 final dividend to be




For personal use only
                        paid in October 2019.


                        Operational Review
                        Corporate Objectives and Progress on Strategy

                        Cedar Woods’ primary purpose is to create value for shareholders through the development of vibrant
                        communities and deliver consistent growth in net profit and earnings per share. This year, the company
                        reported a full year net profit after tax of $48.6 million and total fully franked dividends of 31.5 cents for
                        FY2019.

                        The overarching strategy, as illustrated on page 11, is to grow and develop our national project portfolio,
                        diversified by geography, product type and price point, so that it continues to hold broad customer appeal and
                        performs well in a range of market conditions.

                        The company’s strategy is delivered through the operation of our value creation model, as illustrated on page
                        11, and discussed further below.
                        Cedar Woods’ Corporate Plan guides management’s activities and provides a five-year outlook for the
                        company, projecting earnings and other key performance indicators.

                        The Corporate Plan sets out a number of key action items under each strategic priority focused on achieving
                        the primary purpose and addressing key risk factors. These key actions are implemented as performance
                        targets by senior executives, sales managers and other employees.


                        Market Conditions

                        FY2019 was characterised by soft market conditions across most states, attributed to tighter home lending
                        criteria, tax policy uncertainty and the distraction of the 2019 Federal election. These factors dampened
                        enquiry and sales for the Company around the country.

                        Two recent interest rate reductions, regulatory easing, the Federal election result and improved sentiment
                        are all serving to support housing nationally and conditions are expected to improve in some markets over
                        the next 12 months. The extent of improvement will depend mainly on finance availability to homebuyers. The
                        above factors further support other positive sector drivers such as population growth and stable employment
                        conditions.

                        Several market analysts have forecast conditions to stabilise through the remainder of calendar year 2019
                        with improving conditions leading to a return to moderate pricing growth in 2020.

                        BIS Oxford Economics is predicting median house price increases between 2019 and 2022 of seven per cent
                        for Perth and Melbourne, 11 per cent for Adelaide and as high as 20 per cent for Brisbane. Our outlook for
                        median house price growth is that it will occur more gradually.

                        The Housing Industry Association (HIA) has forecast solid increases to housing starts in Western Australia
                        and South Australia over FY2020 and FY2021. A decline in housing starts is forecast for New South Wales,
                        Victoria and Queensland.

                        Cedar Woods’ diversified portfolio ensures it is positioned to perform well through different property cycles
                        across state markets.




                                                                                                                        2019 ANNUAL REPORT   15
16
                                                        For personal use only
                                 Project pipeline chart as at 30 June 2019

                                                                                                                                       LOT/UNITS   LOTS/UNITS
                                 PROJECT NAME                         CORRIDOR / LOCATION   PROJECT TYPE                                PROJECT      REMAIN       FY20           FY21         FY22         FY23        FY24           FY25
                                 WESTERN AUSTRALIA - PERTH
                                 Mariners Cove, Mandurah              South                 Residential Land                              982          25
                                 Ariella, Brabham                     North East            Residential Land                              872         505
                                 The Brook at Byford                  South East            Residential Land                              428         230
                                 Rivergums, Baldivis                  South                 Residential Land                             1,414        349
                                 Byford on the Scarp                  South East            Residential Land                              276         167
                                 Karmara, Piara Waters                South East            Residential Land                              154          57
                                 Forrestdale                          South East            Residential Land                              295         295
                                 Bushmead                             East                  Residential Land                              954         744
                                 Millars Landing, North Baldivis      South                 Residential Land                             1,610       1,554
CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED



                                 Pinjarra                             South                 Residential Land                             1,080       1,080


                                 WESTERN AUSTRALIA - REGIONAL
                                 Elements South Hedland               Pilbara               Residential Land                              136           2


                                 WESTERN AUSTRALIA - "JV" PROJECTS
                                 Cedar Woods Wellard (Emerald Park)   South                 Residential Land                              665          64
                                 Batavia Coast Marina Apartments      Mid-West              Apartments                                     54           7
                                 Harrisdale Green                     South East            Residential Land and Townhouses               482         278
                                 Western Edge, South Hedland          Pilbara               Residential Land                              600         600
                                                                                                                                                     5,957
                                 VICTORIA - MELBOURNE
                                 Carlingford, Lalor                   North                 Residential Land                              580          67
                                 St A, St Albans                      North West            Townhouses                                    249         204
                                 Jackson Green, Clayton South         South East            Townhouses and Apartments                     291          90
                                 Jackson Green, Clayton South         South East            Gardenia Apartments                            74          64
                                 Jackson Green, Clayton South         South East            Huntington Apartments                         165         165
                                 North Melbourne                      North West of CBD     Townhouses                                     15          15
                                 Williams Landing                     West                  Residential Land, Townhouses, Apartments     2,263        209
                                 Williams Landing                     West                  Lancaster Apartments                           42           1
                                 Williams Landing                     West                  Lincoln Apartments                            125         125
                                 Williams Landing                     West                  Victorian State Government Office               1           1
                                 Williams Landing                     West                  95 Overton Road Office                          1           1
                                 Williams Landing                     West                  111 Overton Road Strata Offices                48           2
                                 Williams Landing                     West                  101 Overton Road Strata Offices                74          74
                                 Williams Landing                     West                  Future Apartments / Offices                   344         241
                                 Williams Landing                     West                  Commercial (20 hectares)
                                                                                                                                                     1,259
                                 QUEENSLAND - BRISBANE
                                 Wooloowin                            Inner North           Townhouses and Apartments                     279         279
                                 Ellendale, Upper Kedron              North West            Residential Land                              900         621
                                                                                                                                                      900
                                 SOUTH AUSTRALIA - ADELAIDE
                                 Glenside                             Inner South East      Townhouses and Apartments                    1,018        986
                                 Fletcher's Slip, Port Adelaide       North West            Townhouses and Apartments                     502         502
                                                                                                                                                     1,488
                                 TOTAL GROUP                                                                                                         9,604


                                                                                                                                                                Planning, Design & Rezoning   Development & Sales   Leasing, Development & Sales
                        Portfolio Highlights

                        Cedar Woods’ strategy to grow a national project portfolio diversified by geography, product type and price
                        point continues to prove successful. In FY2019:

                        •   Settlements were achieved from all four states in which the Company operates for the first time (Victoria,
                            Queensland, South Australia, Western Australia);




For personal use only
                        •   Multiple product types contributed to earnings including residential lots, townhouses, apartments and office
                            developments; and
                        •   A variety of price points were offered across the portfolio appealing to a broad customer base.
                        Specific highlights include:
                        •   Expansion into South Australia is progressing well, with the first residents moving in to the initial stage of
                            Glenside townhouses in FY2019. The first apartment building at Glenside, Botanica Apartments, is under
                            construction with completion anticipated mid calendar year 2020. The Company’s second project in South
                            Australia, Fletcher’s Slip, is achieving good townhouse presales with site preparation works underway and
                            first settlements due in FY2022.
                        •   In Victoria, townhouse project settlements are in full swing with a number of stages completed and settled
                            in FY2019 at St A. and Jackson Green.
                        •   Settlement of the Target Head Office building at Williams Landing occurred in December 2018 and the fully
                            leased and presold 107 Overton Road office development is on track for completion in FY2020.
                        •   Strata office development product successfully being delivered with 111 Overton Road strata offices
                            completed and settled in June 2019 and 101 Overton Road, currently under construction with settlements
                            scheduled for the 2020 calendar year.
                        •   An increase in the number of commercial and residential projects in progress at the Company’s mixed use,
                            masterplanned development at Williams Landing in Victoria, with a significant pipeline of projects to come.
                        •   Strong sales at the Ariella Estate in Brabham, WA.


                        Delivering on Strategic Priorities

                        The Company continues to deliver on its four strategic priorities of a High Performance Culture, Operational
                        Excellence, Financial Strength and Earnings Growth.

                        High Performance Culture

                        Significant activities have been undertaken in FY2019 to refine our business culture and human resources
                        practices creating a high-spirited work environment. Reward and performance management systems have
                        been restructured to better align reward with performance and strong accountability and delegation systems
                        were also put in place optimising and balancing appropriate oversight and staff empowerment. High staff
                        engagement scores were recorded in surveys during the year.

                        Operational Excellence

                        Management continues to implement new technologies and systems that will generate efficiencies and
                        provide a better platform for growth. A new budgeting system has recently been implemented and further
                        finance system enhancements are planned for completion in FY2020, largely completing the Company’s
                        digital transformation program. High quality projects have been delivered across the portfolio and the
                        Company’s work health safety (WHS) systems have resulted in a strong safety record across projects and
                        offices.

                        Financial Strength

                        In June 2019 the Company announced it had modified and extended its corporate finance facility. The
                        changes include the introduction of National Australia Bank (NAB) to the $205 million facility, as well as longer
                        facility tenure with the previous three-year facility now comprising a mix of three and five-year debt. NAB joins
                        ANZ and Bankwest as club facility lenders to the Company.

                        The introduction of a third bank to the club facility diversifies the Company’s funding sources and the longer
                        maturity date for approximately 20 per cent of the facility limit, further enhances Cedar Woods’ security of
                        funding. The facility supports the Company’s expanded operations and growth plans.




                                                                                                                      2019 ANNUAL REPORT     17
                    Earnings Growth

                    Cedar Woods’ strategically located projects across four states and its diversified product mix positions the
                    Company to perform well through varying property market cycles.

                    The Company made three strategic acquisitions in Western Australia in 2019, capitalising on attractive buying
                    conditions in the state.




For personal use only
                    •   During FY19 the Company successfully acquired a parcel of land adjoining the Ariella estate in Western
                        Australia which will add 380 lots and several years to the life of this project. Ariella has been the
                        Company’s highest-selling project nationally during FY19.
                    •   Cedar Woods acquired the 1.4 hectare Subiaco TAFE site in Western Australia, with the intention of
                        delivering a significant urban renewal project comprising townhouses and apartments.
                    •   The Company also acquired a small parcel of land adjoining its Karmara estate in Perth, extending the life
                        of this successful project.

                    The Company plans to continue to take advantage of relatively favourable buying conditions as development
                    finance proves difficult to secure for some property developers and the property cycle justifies buying in
                    several markets. Cedar Woods is currently assessing a number of acquisition opportunities in Queensland,
                    Victoria and Western Australia.


                    Outlook

                    While Cedar Woods has a good level of presales to be carried into future financial years, the national
                    property market has been challenging over the past six months. Based on current market conditions we are
                    anticipating moderately lower full year earnings in FY20 compared to FY19.

                    Cedar Woods remains well placed for the medium term with more than 9,000 undeveloped lots/units in its
                    development pipeline across four states, with the ability to respond quickly to improved market conditions.

                    A number of new projects are expected to contribute to earnings from FY21, including Huntington apartments
                    in Victoria, Ariella (adjoining parcel) and Solaris in Western Australia, and Wooloowin in Queensland. Further
                    acquisitions are anticipated to supplement the portfolio for future years.


                    Risks

                    The Board has established the Audit and Risk Management Committee as responsible for risk oversight and
                    ensuring that internal control systems are in place to identify, assess, monitor and manage risk. During the
                    year the Risk Management Framework was comprehensively reviewed and updated to support the integration
                    of risk management within the business and to support a culture committed to building long term sustainable
                    value for stakeholders.

                    The general risks to company performance include those relevant to the property market, including
                    government policy in relation to immigration and support for the housing industry generally, the environmental
                    policy framework, monetary policy set by the Reserve Bank of Australia, the stance of other regulatory bodies
                    such as APRA, the strength of the labour market and consumer confidence.

                    The company is also exposed to the property cycles in the markets in which it operates, i.e. Western
                    Australia (regional and metropolitan), Victoria (metropolitan), Queensland (metropolitan) and South Australia
                    (metropolitan). Demand fluctuations in these markets represent a risk to achieving the company’s financial
                    objectives. The company aims to mitigate this risk by operating in diverse geographical markets and offering a
                    wide range of products and price points to various consumer segments.
                    Whilst house and land prices fluctuate, underlying demand will be driven by population growth and changing
                    demographics. In the past, the company has achieved its profit objective by managing both prices and
                    volumes through the property cycle.

                    Individual projects are exposed to a number of risks including those related to obtaining the necessary
                    approvals for development, construction risks and delays, pricing risks and competition. The company aims to
                    balance its portfolio at any time in favour of mature projects where the project risks are generally diminished.

                    The risk management framework also seeks to address a range of other risks that impact the business, such
                    as economic and political risks, competition for staff and project opportunities, and cyber risks.




           18       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Sustainability and Social Objectives

                        Cedar Woods does more than create vibrant communities. We are proud of our reputation for being
                        environmentally and socially responsible and we continue to look for ways to: reduce our ecological footprint;
                        optimise urban growth; promote affordable housing; respect indigenous and cultural heritage; stimulate
                        economic investment and jobs; foster cooperative stakeholder relationships and activate the communities we




For personal use only
                        create. This is all done in a safe work environment for all who work on Cedar Woods projects.

                        This section updates our progress towards on sustainability and community outcomes and allows us to
                        communicate key achievements to those affected by our actions.


                        Optimising Land Use: deliver the best use of land by optimising land use mix, product diversity and yield in the
                        context of high quality urban places

                        By the nature of our business, a key outcome of our project delivery is to assist with the residential and
                        commercial land supply in line with the Perth, Melbourne, Brisbane and Adelaide strategic planning
                        frameworks. The company has developed a proven model for delivering quality, medium-density projects in
                        middle and inner suburbs.

                        Projects are strategically located near amenities and infrastructure, with some 9,000+ lots / dwellings in the
                        pipeline, across 34 projects.

                        Highlights and Achievements

                        •   Cedar Woods projects contribute to residential and commercial land supply, consistent with Perth,
                            Melbourne, Brisbane and Adelaide strategic planning frameworks. The national portfolio consists of 34
                            projects with more than 9,000 land (34%), townhouse (31%), apartment (25%) and commercial (10%)
                            products to be delivered.
                        •   Many projects transform urban spaces into vibrant communities, focusing on urban regeneration and
                            strategic infill development. Williams Landing, Fletcher’s Slip, Wooloowin and St. A are all oriented around
                            strategic public transport nodes which offer high accessibility and close proximity to employment centres.
                        •   The Target Head Office building at Williams Landing town centre opened at the end of 2018. It marks
                            the first of a significant pipeline of commercial projects. 111 Overton Road strata offices were completed
                            in June 2019. The 107 Overton Road office development, which is fully leased to the Victorian State
                            Government and pre-sold, is expected to be completed in FY2020. A fourth office building, 101 Overton
                            Road, is now under construction with strata office unit settlements anticipated next year.
                        •   Ellendale is transforming underutilised rural land and provides residential housing which complements
                            established residential areas and capitalises on existing transport and service infrastructure.


                        Housing Diversity & Affordability: promote equality of access to housing

                        Highlights and Achievements

                        •   Tailored affordable housing initiatives are included in partnership projects with state government, such as
                            Harrisdale Green and Glenside. Glenside will provide 15 per cent affordable housing.
                        •   This year saw the launch of the ‘Built On’ initiative at The Brook at Byford which will deliver quality
                            affordable housing and lower entry price-points to live in the estate.
                        •   Williams Landing continues to provide housing diversity. Lancaster Apartments offer one and two-
                            bedroom apartments. One hundred percent presales demonstrate the strong demand for affordable
                            product in the Melbourne market.


                        Heritage: respecting indigenous and cultural heritage

                        Highlights and Achievements

                        •   Wooloowin contains two historic heritage-listed buildings, the former Holy Cross laundry building (1889),
                            Queensland’s oldest recognisable institutional laundry, and The Holy Cross Convent (1912). Progress has
                            been made this year on the restoration of both heritage buildings to their original form.




                                                                                                                       2019 ANNUAL REPORT   19
                    Environment and Climate Change: enhance and rehabilitate environmental assets; remediate contamination;
                    promote total water cycle management; and encourage energy efficiency

                    Highlights and Achievements

                    •   Bushmead is our first project to achieve full UDIA EnviroDevelopment accreditation. Initiatives include
                        significant revegetation in the 187 hectares given up for conservation and significant tree retention in the




For personal use only
                        urban areas. Bushmead has been recognised for its environmental excellence with industry awards.
                    •   Ellendale will see the dedication of 90 hectares for a green-space corridor. Rehabilitation works including
                        revegetation, restoration of habitat linkages and improved wildlife movement networks progressed
                        throughout the year.
                    •   At Karmara work continued on the restoration of the adjoining nature reserve, including revegetation and
                        maintaining wildlife movement networks. Rehabilitation maintenance will continue for another two years.
                    •   Jackson Green townhouses incorporate many significant energy, water and conservation measures. Many
                        exceed a 6.5-star energy rating.


                    Stakeholder Engagement: position Cedar Woods as a competent and trustworthy joint venture partner; a
                    valuable contributor to the property industry and to engage respectfully with stakeholders

                    Highlights and Achievements

                    •   Cedar Woods is a valued and trusted joint venture partner. Current partnership projects include Harrisdale
                        Green (WA Department of Communities) and Glenside (Renewal SA) and are reinforced with professional,
                        transparent and quality decision-making.
                    •   Cedar Woods remains committed to collaborating with all levels of government, the property industry,
                        local community, stakeholders and customers to achieve the best possible project outcomes. Active
                        engagement strategies were undertaken at Ellendale and Wooloowin to advance planning approvals.
                        Rezoning for Ellendale was completed 1H FY2019. At Glenside and Fletcher’s Slip extensive community
                        consultation has helped shape the final project masterplans.
                    •   Cedar Woods maintains membership and participation with key industry advocacy groups such as the
                        Property Council and Urban Development Institute of Australia.


                    Occupational Health and Safety: providing a safe working environment for all staff and stakeholders

                    Highlights and Achievements

                    •   Cedar Woods maintains its high commitment to workplace safety. The company is preparing for the
                        introduction of the Model Work Health and Safety Act as it is enacted across Australia to harmonise
                        workplace Health and Safety law.




           20       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Community Investment, Development and Integration: create vibrant communities by investing in resident
                        wellbeing, nurturing a strong ‘sense of community’ and maximising social connectivity

                        Highlights and Achievements

                        •     The Neighbourhood Grants Program has donated over half a million dollars to support a range of local
                              community projects, such as funding for new equipment, uniforms, community events, wildlife protection




For personal use only
                              and environmental improvement. The Program continues to be rolled-out across the portfolio.
                        •     Communities at The Brook at Byford, Byford on the Scarp, The Rivergums and Williams Landing enjoyed
                              neighbours coming together for Neighbourhood Movie Nights. Attendance is always high and resident
                              feedback is positive.
                        •     Cedar Woods again sponsored the Wyndham Business Awards this year. The City of Wyndham has the
                              highest incidence of business registrations of any Victorian municipality, which bodes well for the future of
                              Williams Landing Town Centre. Williams Landing hosted a variety of community events including a circus
                              and food truck carnival.
                        •     At Ellendale the opening of a new park was celebrated with games, ice-cream and live music. Other
                              events saw residents contributing to local environmental initiatives.


                        Board Matters

                        The Board is conscious of its duty to ensure the company meets its performance objectives. During the
                        year, the Board and its committees reviewed their respective charters and performance to ensure they were
                        properly discharging their responsibilities. The charters were updated during the year as required and are
                        published on the company’s website.
                        On 1 July 2019 our Lead Independent Director, Ron Packer, took a leave of absence from the Board for
                        health reasons. In Mr Packer’s absence the following appointments were made as Acting Chairs of Board
                        committees, effective 1 July 2019:

                        •     Independent director Jane Muirsmith was appointed as Acting Chair of the Audit &
                              Risk Management Committee;
                        •     Independent director Valerie Davies was appointed as Acting Chair of the Human Resources &
                              Remuneration Committee; and
                        •     Deputy Chairman Robert Brown was appointed as Acting Chair of the Nominations Committee.

                        Further details of the Board members are contained in this Annual Report and the Corporate Governance
                        Statement which is available on the company’s website and also on the ASX website.




                            William Hames                                       Nathan Blackburne
                            Chairman                                            Managing Director




                                                                                                                        2019 ANNUAL REPORT    21
For personal use only
                    BUSHMEAD, WESTERN AUSTRALIA
                    Bushmead is situated just 16km from Perth’s CBD and set amongst 185 hectares
                    of natural bushland. Modern living shaped by nature.




           22       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                     For personal use only




2019 ANNUAL REPORT




23
                    Directors’ Report
                    Your directors present their report on the consolidated entity consisting of Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                    (‘the company’ or ‘Cedar Woods’) and the entities it controlled (together ‘the consolidated entity’ or ‘group’) at
                    the end of, or during, the year ended 30 June 2019.




For personal use only
                    a)      Directors

                    The following persons were directors of Cedar Woods during the whole of the financial year and up to the
                    date of this report, except where stated:

                    William George Hames (Chairman)

                    Robert Stanley Brown (Deputy Chairman)

                    Ronald Packer (Lead Independent Director)

                    Valerie Anne Davies (Independent Director)

                    Jane Mary Muirsmith (Independent Director)

                    Nathan John Blackburne (Managing Director)

                    The qualifications, experience and other details of the directors in office at the date of this report appear on
                    pages 25 to 27 of this report.


                    b)      Principal activities

                    The principal continuing activities of the consolidated entity in the course of the year ended 30 June 2019
                    were that of property developer and investor and no significant change in the nature of those activities took
                    place during the year.


                    c)      Dividends

                        Dividends paid to members during the financial year were as follows:                           2019      2018
                                                                                                                      $’000     $’000

                        Final fully franked ordinary dividend for the year ended 30 June 2018 of 18.0 cents          13,892    14,200
                        (2017 – 18.0 cents) per fully paid share, paid on 26 October 2018 (2017 – 27 October 2017)

                        Interim fully franked ordinary dividend for the year ended 30 June 2019 of 18 cents          14,421     9,182
                        (2018 – 12.0 cents) per fully paid share, paid on 26 April 2019 (2018 – 27 April 2018)

                                                                                                                     28,313    23,382

                    Since the end of the financial year the directors have recommended the payment of a final fully franked
                    ordinary dividend of $10,815,899 (13.5 cents per share) to be paid on 25 October 2019 out of retained
                    earnings at 30 June 2019.


                    d)      Financial and operating review

                    Information on the operations and financial position of the group and its business strategies and prospects is
                    set out in the financial and operating review, commencing on page 13 of this annual report.


                    e)      Business strategies and prospects for future financial years

                    The consolidated entity will continue property development operations in Western Australia, Victoria,
                    Queensland and South Australia.

                    Cedar Woods is well positioned moving into FY2020 with strong pre-sales, modest debt, substantial funding
                    capacity and a diverse portfolio of well-located developments in Melbourne, Brisbane, Perth and Adelaide.




           24       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        f)     Significant changes in the state of affairs

                        There were no significant changes in the state of affairs of the consolidated entity during the year.


                        g)     Matters subsequent to the end of the financial year




For personal use only
                        In July 2019 the company completed the annual review of its corporate finance facility resulting in an
                        18-month extension and modified terms. The changes include the introduction a third lender to the $205
                        million facility as well as longer facility tenure, with the previous three year facility now comprising a mix of
                        three year and five year debt.

                        In August 2019 the company completed due diligence and went unconditional on its contract to acquire 133
                        Salvado Road, Subiaco, a 1.4 hectare former TAFE site located 4.7km from Perth. The $15.05m (plus GST)
                        acquisition will settle in July 2020.

                        Other than the above, no matters or circumstances have arisen since 30 June 2019 that have significantly
                        affected or may significantly affect:

                        •    the consolidated entity’s operations in future financial years; or
                        •    the results of those operations in future financial years; or
                        •    the consolidated entity’s state of affairs in future financial years.


                        h)     Likely developments and expected results of operations

                        Beyond the comments at items (d) and (e), further information on likely developments in the operations of the
                        consolidated entity and the expected results of operations have not been included in this report because the
                        directors believe it would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the consolidated entity.


                        i)     Environmental regulation

                        To the best of the directors’ knowledge, the group complies with the requirements of environmental legislation
                        in respect of its developments and obtains the planning approvals required prior to clearing or development of
                        land under the laws of the relevant states. There have been no instances of non-compliance during the year
                        and up to the date of this report.


                        j)     Information on directors

                        Mr William G Hames, B Arch (Hons) MCU (Harvard) LFRAIA, MPIA, FAPI (Econ)

                        •    Chairman of the Board of directors, non-executive director

                        Mr Hames is a co-founder of Cedar Woods. He is an architect and town planner by profession, and received a
                        Masters Degree in City Planning and Urban Design from the Harvard Graduate School of Design, at Harvard
                        University in Boston. He worked in the US property development market before returning to Australia in 1975 and
                        establishing Hames Sharley Australia, an architectural and town planning consulting company. Mr Hames brings
                        substantial property experience to the Board upon which he has served as a director for twenty-nine years.

                        Other current listed company directorships and former listed company directorships in the last three years:
                        None.

                        Mr Robert S Brown, MAICD, AIFS

                        •    Deputy Chairman of the Board of directors, non-executive director
                        •    Member of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee
                        •    Member & Acting Chair of the Nominations Committee

                        Mr Brown is Executive Chairman of Westland Group Holdings Pty Ltd, with responsibilities in mining,
                        agribusiness, biotechnology and venture capital. He is a past president of the Federation of Building Societies
                        of WA and has participated in and chaired various Western Australian government advisory committees
                        related to the housing industry. Mr Brown brings to the Board his diversified experience as a director of these
                        companies and other listed entities and has served as a director of Cedar Woods for thirty years.

                        Other current listed company directorships and former listed company directorships in the last three years:
                        Luiri Gold Limited.



                                                                                                                        2019 ANNUAL REPORT   25
                    Mr Ronald Packer, BCom (UWA), FAICD, Solicitor Supreme Court of England & Wales

                    •   Non-executive director
                    •   Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
                    •   Chairman of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee
                    •   Chairman of the Nominations Committee




For personal use only
                    Mr Packer is the lead independent director of the Board, bringing a wide range of property experience in
                    the public and private arena. He is the former Managing Director of PA Property Management Limited,
                    the responsible entity for the PA Property Trust and is currently the Chairman of Terrace Properties and
                    Investments Pty Ltd. Mr Packer has served as a director for thirteen years and chairs all of the Board’s
                    committees. At the date of this report Mr Packer is on leave of absence from the Board.

                    Other current listed company directorships and former listed company directorships in the last three years:
                    None.

                    Ms Valerie A Davies, FAICD

                    •   Non-executive director
                    •   Member and Acting Chair of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee
                    •   Member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
                    •   Member of the Nominations Committee

                    Ms Davies, a leading communications advisor to numerous individuals and Tier 1 companies via her own
                    consultancy One.2.One Communications Pty Ltd, has in parallel, over the past 20 years established herself as
                    one of Western Australia’s most experienced non-executive directors.

                    She currently serves on the boards of major entertainment, hospitality and leisure operator, Event Hospitality
                    & Entertainment Ltd, as well as Tourism Western Australia.

                    Previous non-executive roles include HBF, Iluka Resources, ASG, and Integrated Group (now Programmed).
                    She has also held positions on the boards of government trading enterprises such as Tourism Australia, Gold
                    Corporation and the TAB (WA), as well as Screenwest and Fremantle Hospital & Health Service. A member
                    of CEW and a previous winner of the Telstra Businesswoman of the Year Award (WA) she has served as a
                    Councillor and Vice President of the Australian Institute of Company Directors (WA division).

                    Ms Davies is a non-executive, independent Director and has served on the board for four years.

                    Other current listed company directorships and former listed company directorships in the last three years:
                    Event Hospitality & Entertainment Ltd.

                    Mrs Jane M Muirsmith, B Com (Hons), FCA, MAICD

                    •   Non-executive director
                    •   Member and Acting Chair of the Audit and Risk Management Committee

                    Mrs Muirsmith is an accomplished digital and marketing strategist, having held several executive positions in
                    Sydney, Melbourne, Singapore and New York.

                    She is Managing Director of Lenox Hill, a digital strategy and advisory firm and is a non-executive director of
                    Australian Finance Group Limited (AFG), Healthdirect Australia and the Telethon Kids Institute.

                    Mrs Muirsmith is a Graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors and a Fellow of Chartered
                    Accountants in Australia and New Zealand, with an audit and accounting background together with deep
                    expertise in digital transformation. Mrs Muirsmith is a member of the Ambassadorial Council UWA Business
                    School and is a former President of the Women’s Advisory Council to the WA Government.

                    Mrs Muirsmith is a non-executive, independent Director and has served on the board for two years.

                    Other current listed company directorships and former listed company directorships in the last three years:
                    Australian Finance Group Limited.




           26       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Mr Nathan J Blackburne, BB (Curtin), AMP (Harvard), GAICD

                        •     Managing Director, executive director

                        Mr Blackburne has worked since 1993 in various sectors of the property industry including valuations, asset
                        management, commercial leasing and property development.




For personal use only
                        He commenced his career with Cedar Woods in 2002 with the mandate to establish and grow the company in
                        Melbourne. Starting off as State Manager for Victoria, he later led the expansion of the company into Brisbane
                        and Adelaide to become State Manager for Victoria, Queensland and South Australia.

                        In 2016, Mr Blackburne was appointed as Chief Operating Officer for the company and in September 2017
                        was appointed to the position of Managing Director.

                        Mr Blackburne has a Bachelor of Business degree majoring in Valuations and Land Economics and is a
                        Graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. He is also a Graduate of Harvard Business School
                        in Boston having completed their Advanced Management Program. Mr Blackburne is a member of the
                        Presbyterian Ladies College Masterplanning, Design & Infrastructure Committee.

                        Other current listed company directorships and former listed company directorships in the last three years:
                        None.

                        Company Secretary

                        The Company Secretary is Mr Paul S Freedman, BSc, CA, GAICD. Mr Freedman was appointed to the
                        position in 1998. He is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Australia and is a member of
                        the Australian Institute of Company Directors. He brings to the company a background of over twenty-five
                        years in financial management in the property industry, preceded by employment in senior roles with major
                        accountancy firms.


                        k)       Shares issued on the exercise of options

                        No share options were in existence during the year and none have been issued up to the date of this report.


                        l)       Directors’ interests in shares

                        Directors’ relevant interests in shares of Cedar Woods at the date of this report, as defined by sections 608
                        and 609 of the Corporations Act 2001, are as follows:

                            Director                                                                          Interest in ordinary shares
                            William G Hames                                                                                    10,246,965
                            Robert S Brown                                                                                      7,982,584
                            Ronald Packer                                                                                        167,859
                            Valerie A Davies                                                                                      15,785
                            Jane M Muirsmith                                                                                      10,523
                            Nathan J Blackburne                                                                                   34,691


                        m)       Committees of the Board

                        As at the date of this report Cedar Woods had the following committees of the Board:

                            Audit and Risk Management             Human Resources and               Nominations Committee
                            Committee                             Renumeration Committee
                            J M Muirsmith (Acting Chair)          V A Davies (Acting Chair)         R S Brown (Acting Chair)
                            R S Brown                             R S Brown                         V A Davies
                            V A Davies                            J M Muirsmith                     J M Muirsmith




                                                                                                                     2019 ANNUAL REPORT     27
                    n)      Meetings of directors

                    The following table sets out the numbers of meetings of the company’s directors (including meetings of
                    committees of directors) held during the year ended 30 June 2019, and the numbers of meetings attended by
                    each director:

                                                    Board meetings   Meetings of Committees




For personal use only
                                                                       Audit and Risk   Human Resources
                                                                        Management      and Remuneration      Nominations
                        Number of meetings held:           14                5                 4                   1
                        W G Hames                          14                *                 3*                  1*
                        R S Brown                          13                1*                3                   1
                        R Packer                           14                5                 4                   1
                        V A Davies                         13                5                 4                   1
                        J M Muirsmith                      13                5                 4*                  1*
                        N J Blackburne                     14                5*                4*                  1*

                    * Not a member of this committee.




           28       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Directors’ Report: Chair of the Human Resources and
                        Remuneration Committee’s Letter to Shareholders
                        Dear Shareholders,




For personal use only
                        I am pleased to provide this letter setting out the highlights in relation to remuneration matters for FY2019.The
                        Financial and Operating Review notes that Cedar Woods had another strong year, reporting a record profit
                        and achievements across the various areas within the company’s operations, as described in our “balanced
                        scorecard” in section r) of this report. The balanced scorecard sets out the company’s FY2019 objectives and
                        records performance against targets as assessed by the Board.

                        We continue to engage with shareholders and proxy advisors to ensure our policies and practices in relation
                        to remuneration matters are both well described and appropriate for the company and its shareholders.

                         Review of          In FY2019 the Committee commenced a review of executive remuneration levels and structures with
                         the executive      the objective of furthering the transition towards a greater proportion of ‘at-risk’ pay for executives,
                         remuneration       thereby improving alignment with shareholder returns, as well as ensuring that remuneration levels
                         framework          and structures are competitive in an environment where the competition for talent is very high
                                            around the country. This process is being assisted by external consultants and will result in some
                                            adjustments to both the Short-Term Incentive Plan and the Long-term Incentive Plan, which will be
                                            detailed in the FY20 Remuneration Report.

                         Fixed              For FY2019 the Managing Director’s (MD’s) fixed remuneration was limited to 54% of his total
                         remuneration       package and was increased, based on market benchmarking information and in lieu of his successful
                                            transition to the role, having been appointed in September 2017 at a salary significantly lower than
                                            the previous incumbent. Whilst not guaranteed in his terms of employment, the transition to market-
                                            based remuneration was phased over two years. Other executives in continuing roles had average
                                            fixed remuneration increases in line with inflation, with remuneration packages aligned with market
                                            remuneration levels in both listed and non-listed property companies.

                         Short-term         To ensure the STI’s were appropriately aligned to the corporate strategy, the company continued with
                         incentives         its balanced scorecard of measures for determining the STI awards for FY2019. Scorecard sections
                         (“STIs”)           have been grouped into financial and non-financial categories, within the relevant strategic priority
                                            areas.
                                            Changes made to the STI plan in FY2019, noted in last year’s remuneration report, are detailed
                                            below.

                         Long-term          The LTI plan introduced in 2015 continues to operate and has two vesting conditions a) a three year
                         incentives         service condition and b) two performance conditions measured over a three year period: 50 per cent
                         (“LTIs”)           of the LTI grant will be tested against a relative total shareholder return (“TSR”) hurdle (measured
                                            against the S&P / ASX Small Industrials Index) and 50 per cent against earnings per share (“EPS”)
                                            growth targets, set in the context of the corporate strategy.
                                            The relative TSR performance condition was chosen as it offers a means of measuring changes
                                            in shareholder value by comparing the company’s return to shareholders against the returns of
                                            companies of a similar size and investment profile. The EPS performance condition was chosen as it
                                            is a primary determinant of shareholder value in a listed company context.
                                            For FY2020, the Board has approved the recommendation of the Human Resources and
                                            Remuneration Committee to amend the vesting schedule for the EPS component of the LTI Plan,
                                            details of which are set out in the section ‘LTI Plan effective for FY2020 (from 1 July 2019)’ on page
                                            38 below.

                         Non-Executive      The potential maximum aggregate NED remuneration for FY2019 was $750,000, as approved by
                         Director           shareholders at the FY2014 AGM. Chair and NED fees were increased by approximately 2% effective
                         (“NED”) fees       1 July 2018 to provide an increase in line with CPI. Total NED fees paid for FY2019 were $596,200.

                        The Remuneration Report provides information on the remuneration outcomes for FY2019.

                        It was pleasing to note that shareholders voted overwhelmingly in favour of the FY2018 Remuneration Report
                        at the 2018 Annual General Meeting, with 97.4 per cent of votes cast in favour.

                        I look forward to answering any questions you may have at our 2019 Annual General Meeting on 6 November.

                        Yours faithfully,




                        Valerie A Davies
                        Acting Chair - Human Resources and Remuneration Committee


                                                                                                                                2019 ANNUAL REPORT     29
                    Directors’ Report - Remuneration Report
                    The directors present Cedar Woods’ FY2019 Remuneration Report which sets out remuneration information
                    for the directors and other key management personnel (“KMP”) for the year ended 30 June 2019.

                    The information provided in this remuneration report has been audited as required by section 308(3C) of the




For personal use only
                    Corporations Act 2001.

                    The Remuneration Report is presented under the following sections:			                      Page

                    o)         Introduction                                                                    30

                    p)         Remuneration governance                                                         31

                    q)         Executive remuneration policy and framework                                     32

                    r)         Executive remuneration outcomes for FY2019 (including link to performance)      39

                    s)         Executive contracts                                                             46

                    t)         Non-Executive Director fee arrangements                                         46

                    u)         Additional statutory disclosures                                                47


                    o)        Introduction

                    The Remuneration Report details the remuneration arrangements for KMP who are defined as those persons
                    having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the major activities of the company,
                    directly or indirectly.

                    The table below outlines the KMP of the company during the financial year ended 30 June 2019. Unless
                    otherwise indicated, the individuals were KMP for the entire financial year. For the purposes of this report, the
                    term “executive” includes the managing director and senior executives of the company.

                        KMP                                       Position                                                Term as KMP
                        Non-Executive Directors (“NEDs”)
                        W G Hames                                 Non-Executive Chair                                          Full year
                        R S Brown                                 Non-Executive Deputy Chair                                   Full year
                        R Packer                                  Lead Independent Non-Executive                               Full year
                                                                  Director
                        V A Davies                                Independent Non-Executive Director                           Full year
                        J M Muirsmith                             Independent Non-Executive Director                           Full year
                        Executive Director
                        N J Blackburne                            Managing Director (“MD”)                                     Full year
                        Senior Executives
                        P Archer                                  Chief Operating Officer (“COO”)                              Full year
                        L M Hanrahan                              Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”)                              Full year
                        P S Freedman                              Company Secretary                                            Full year


                    Changes since last year

                    The position of State Manager that was included in KMP in the prior year, reports to the COO and is no longer
                    included in KMP.

                    Changes since the end of the reporting period

                    There were no changes to KMP after the reporting date and before the date the annual report was authorised
                    for issue.




           30       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        p)        Remuneration governance

                        Role of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee

                        The Human Resources and Remuneration Committee is a committee of the Board. It is responsible for
                        making recommendations to the Board on:




For personal use only
                        •     the over-arching executive remuneration framework;
                        •     NED fees;
                        •     operation of incentive plans and key performance hurdles for the executive team; and
                        •     remuneration levels of the MD and other executives.

                        The Human Resources and Remuneration Committee’s objective is to ensure remuneration policies and
                        structures are fair and competitive and aligned with the long-term interests of the company. The Human
                        Resources and Remuneration Committee periodically obtains independent remuneration information to
                        ensure NED fees and executive remuneration packages are appropriate and in line with the market.

                        The Corporate Governance Statement provides further information on the role of the Human Resource and
                        Remuneration Committee and may be found on the company’s website under the Our Company/Governance
                        link.

                        Use of remuneration advisors

                        During the year the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee commenced a process of reviewing the
                        executive remuneration framework assisted by external consultants, further details of which are set out below.
                        Remuneration benchmarking was obtained by the Committee during the reporting period.

                        The terms of engagement for the consultants included specific measures designed to protect their
                        independence. The Human Resources and Remuneration Committee recognises that, to effectively perform
                        its role, it is necessary for the consultants to interact with members of Cedar Woods’ management. However,
                        to ensure the consultants remained independent, members of Cedar Woods’ management were precluded
                        from requesting services that would be considered to be a ‘remuneration recommendation’ as defined by the
                        Corporations Act 2001.

                        Clawback of remuneration

                        For FY2015 and subsequent years, vested and unvested STI’s & LTI’s are subject to potential clawback
                        based on the Board’s judgment.

                        The Board may exercise its judgment in relation to STI or LTI outcomes:

                            STI         at the end of the financial year when assessing performance against scorecard objectives to
                                        determine the STI payments, when determining if there are any matters impacting the initial
                                        performance assessment.

                            LTI         at any time prior to, or at, the final vesting date of the performance rights and will take account of
                                        factors such as any material misstatements of financial results or individual instances of non-
                                        compliance with Cedar Woods’ policies.
                                        The clawback policy also provides that the Board can recover an STI or LTI award previously paid to
                                        an employee.



                        Remuneration Report approval at FY2018 Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)

                        At the company’s 2018 AGM, 97.4 per cent of eligible votes cast were in favour of the Remuneration Report
                        for FY2018.




                                                                                                                             2019 ANNUAL REPORT   31
                    q)                                  Executive remuneration policy and framework

                    The information contained within this section outlines the details pertaining to the executive remuneration
                    policy and framework for FY2019.




For personal use only
                    i) Principles and strategy

                        Company objective
                        To create long-term value for shareholders through the development of vibrant communities




                        Remuneration strategy linkages to company objective
                        The Board of directors ensures our approach to                                Attract, motivate and retain high performing
                        executive reward satisfies the following key criteria for                     individuals:
                        good reward governance practices:
                                                                                                      •   The remuneration offering rewards capability and
                        •                  Competitiveness and reasonableness                             experience
                        •                  Acceptability to shareholders                              •   Reflects competitive reward for contribution to
                        •                  Alignment of executive remuneration to company                 growth in shareholder wealth
                                           performance                                                The framework is aligned to shareholders’ interests by
                        •                  Transparency of the link between performance               having:
                                           and reward                                                 •   STIs linked to current year performance and
                                                                                                          subject to clawback
                                                                                                      •   TIs linked to both long term external (relative
                                                                                                          total shareholder return (“TSR”)) and
                                                                                                          internal (earnings per share (“EPS”) growth)
                                                                                                          performance. LTIs also subject to clawback




                                                           Component      Vehicle              Purpose                     Link to performance
                                                           Fixed          Comprises            To provide competitive      Group and individual performance
                                                           remuneration   base salary,         fixed remuneration set      are considered during the annual
                                                                          superannuation       with reference to role,     remuneration review process
                                                                          and non-monetary     market and skills and       No guaranteed fixed remuneration
                                                                          benefits             experience of individuals   increases included in executives’




                            Total remuneration (“TR”)
                                                                                                                           contracts
                                                                                                                           Fixed remuneration may be
                                                                                                                           phased to market benchmark for
                                                                                                                           new appointments, conditional on
                                                                                                                           performance
                                                           STIs           Paid in cash         Rewards executives          Linked to the Corporate Plan
                                                                                               for their contribution to   and achievement of personal
                                                                                               achievement of company      objectives established at the start
                                                                                               outcomes                    of the year
                                                           LTIs           Equity based LTI     Rewards executives for      Vesting of grants is dependent on
                                                                          grants awarded in    their contribution to the   TSR performance relative to S&P
                                                                          Performance Rights   creation of shareholder     / ASX Small Industrials Index and
                                                                                               value over the longer       annual compound growth rate in
                                                                                               term                        EPS, both over a three-year period

                    Performance related outcomes are determined each year following the audit of the annual results. Outcomes
                    may be adjusted up or down in line with over and under achievement against the target performance levels,
                    at the discretion of the Board (based on a recommendation from the Human Resources and Remuneration
                    Committee).

                    The Human Resources and Remuneration Committee also considers issues of succession planning, career
                    development and staff retention.




           32       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        ii) Approach to setting remuneration

                        In FY2019, the executive remuneration framework consisted of fixed remuneration and short and long-term
                        incentives as outlined below.

                        The company aims to reward executives with a level and mix of remuneration appropriate to their position,
                        responsibilities and performance within the organisation and aligned with market practice.




For personal use only
                        The company’s approach is generally to position total remuneration between the median and upper quartile
                        of our direct industry peers, both listed and unlisted, and other Australian listed companies of a similar size
                        and complexity. Based on performance and experience, individuals have the potential to move from median to
                        upper quartile over a period of time.

                        Remuneration levels are reviewed annually through a process that considers market data, insights into
                        remuneration trends, the performance of the company and the individual, and the broader economic
                        environment.

                        The “at risk” components (STI’s and LTI’s) ensure a proportion of remuneration varies with performance of
                        both the individual and the company. In recent years the Board has made gains in restructuring executive
                        remuneration to provide a greater weighting of ‘at risk’ components within the total remuneration opportunity
                        (remuneration mix) particularly for the MD and introduced an equity based LTI plan.

                        The Human Resources and Remuneration Committee will continue to review the balance of fixed versus
                        ‘at risk’ pay in FY2020 with the objective of ensuring that the relative proportions continue to meet the
                        expectations of shareholders and candidates in a market that is highly competitive for talent. Given this, it is
                        anticipated that the weighting of ‘at risk’ components of executive pay will increase in FY2020.

                        Some variations may however occur year to year due to influencing factors such as changing market
                        conditions.

                        The graphs below illustrate the remuneration mix for FY2019 compared to FY2018 and demonstrate the
                        progress made this year in increasing the proportion of ‘at risk’ pay.

                        Managing Director




                        COO




                        CFO




                        Company Secretary




                        STI and LTI in red and green respectively in the above graphs are based on 100% of the target opportunity
                        when remuneration levels are determined by the HR&R Committee. STI’s awarded may exceed the target
                        opportunity (refer to ‘STI Plan effective for FY2019’ below). LTI’s may be awarded up to the target opportunity.
                        Fixed remuneration is shown in blue in the above graphs.




                                                                                                                      2019 ANNUAL REPORT   33
                    iii) Details of incentive plans

                    Short-term incentives (STI)


                        Who participates?    Executives and key staff




For personal use only
                        How is the STI       Cash
                        delivered?
                        What is the STI      Each executive has a target STI opportunity depending on the accountabilities of the role and
                        opportunity?         impact on organisational performance. The company seeks to deliver steady annual growth
                                             and accordingly the maximum STI opportunity is the target opportunity. The maximum STI
                                             opportunity for KMP’s is detailed in section r) Executive remuneration outcomes for FY2019.
                        What were the        Actual STI payments to each executive depend on the extent to which specific targets set at the
                        performance          beginning of the financial year are met with regard to both company and individual performance
                        conditions for       criteria.
                        FY2019?              The weightings that applied in FY2019 to components of the company’s business model are set
                                             out in the table below:

                                              Weighting (%)
                                                                Strategic                                   State                    Company
                                                                Priority          MD           COO          Managers     CFO         Secretary
                                              Financial
                                              Developments      Operational       15%          15%          0%           0%          0%
                                                                excellence
                                              Sales and         Operational       20%          15%          5%           0%          0%
                                              customer          excellence
                                              experience
                                              Financial         Financial         20%          20%          40%          15%         15%
                                              performance       strength
                                              Business          Earnings          20%          25%          15%          20%         20%
                                              development       growth
                                              Non-financial
                                              People and        High              10%          15%          20%          15%         15%
                                              culture           performance
                                                                culture
                                              Shareholder       Operational       10%          5%           10%          25%         25%
                                              engagement        excellence
                                              and
                                              satisfaction
                                              Risk              Operational       5%           5%           10%          25%         25%
                                              management        excellence
                                              and
                                              sustainability

                                             Refer to section r) Executive remuneration outcomes for FY2019 for further details of
                                             performance outcomes for FY2019, and STI awards to KMP.
                                             The categories of ‘Developments’ and ‘Sales and customer experience’ involve close monitoring
                                             of revenues and financial expenditure. ‘Business development’ is regarded as a financial
                                             component as it is aimed at providing for future earnings and includes systems development.
                                             These, together with ‘Financial performance’ provide a significant weighting to overall financial
                                             performance.
                        How is performance   On an annual basis, after consideration of performance against set balanced scorecard
                        assessed?            objectives, the Chair of the Human Resource and Remuneration Committee recommends to the
                                             Board the amount of STI to be paid to the Managing Director.
                                             For senior executives, the Human Resource and Remuneration Committee will seek
                                             recommendations from the Managing Director before making its determination.
                                             The Human Resources and Remuneration Committee has the discretion to determine STI
                                             outcomes in the light of personal and company performance.
                        What happens if an   Executives who leave prior to the end of the financial year generally forego their entitlement.
                        Executive leaves     The Human Resources and Remuneration Committee has discretion in this regard.
                        Cedar Woods?




           34       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        STI Plan changes effective for FY2019 (effective 1 July 2019)

                        As noted in the FY2018 Remuneration Report, the company introduced changes to the STI plan, effective 1
                        July 2018. Key changes to the STI plan are set out below.

                         Why have a review of    Whilst the STI Plan has been effective, it has been further refined to reward staff for
                         the STI plan?           overachievement, limit the reward payable for underperformance and link better to the




For personal use only
                                                 annual staff performance review process. Maintaining a high-performance culture is a
                                                 Strategic Priority and the revised STI plan better serves this.

                         Who participates?       Executives and key staff

                         How is the STI          Cash
                         delivered?

                         What STI’s are          Each executive has a target STI opportunity depending on the accountabilities of the role
                         available and what      and impact on organisational performance.
                         are the performance     The STI plan provides as follows:
                         conditions for
                                                 a)	Up to 75% of the bonus based on personal performance, with the actual percentage
                         FY2019?
                                                   awarded based on the executive’s overall rating measured against personal objectives as
                                                   determined in the annual performance review and using categories and percentages set
                                                   out in the table below.

                                                  Overall Rating                             Incentive

                                                  5. Exceeded Expectations                   125% - 150%

                                                  4. Overly Met Expectations                 100% - 125%

                                                  3. Met Expectations                        80% - 100%

                                                  2. Nearly Met Expectations                 50% - 80%

                                                  1. Below Expectations                      0%

                                                 b) Up to 25% of the cash incentive awarded based on the HR&R Committee’s assessment
                                                     of the company’s overall performance using the Balanced Scorecard system referred to in
                                                     section r) Executive remuneration outcomes for FY2019 below.
                                                 In essence, the personal / company split changed from 50/50 in FY2018 to 75/25 in
                                                 FY2019. This was implemented as part of the High-Performance Culture strategic priority
                                                 area, to place greater emphasis on individual performance contributions rather than overall
                                                 Company performance in the STI plan.
                                                 Performance ratings of up to 150% of the STI opportunity were also introduced to further
                                                 encourage and reward personal performance when it exceeds expectations.
                                                 Although a record profit and strong EPS and TSR growth was delivered for shareholders in
                                                 FY19, no executive received more than 94% of their STI opportunity in FY2019.
                                                 The greater focus of the STI on personal performance was also deemed appropriate to
                                                 attract and retain executives.
                                                 Actual STI payments to each executive depend on the extent to which specific targets set at
                                                 the beginning of the financial year for that executive are met, with regard to both company
                                                 and individual performance.

                         How is performance      On an annual basis, after consideration of performance against set balanced scorecard
                         assessed?               objectives, the Chairman and Chair of the Human Resource and Remuneration Committee
                                                 recommends to the Board the amount of STI to be paid to the MD.
                                                 For senior executives, the Human Resource and Remuneration Committee will seek
                                                 recommendations from the MD before making its determination.
                                                 The Human Resources and Remuneration Committee has the discretion to determine STI
                                                 outcomes in the light of personal and company performance.

                         What happens if an      Executives who leave prior to the end of the financial year generally forego their entitlement.
                         Executive leaves        The Human Resources and Remuneration Committee has discretion in
                         Cedar Woods?            this regard.

                         What happens in the     For the Managing Director, eligibility to receive a STI in any financial year will not be
                         event of change of      affected if he resigns from employment because, following a takeover or substantial change
                         control                 of control of the company, there is a material variation or diminution of his position, duties,
                                                 reporting structure or status. In those circumstances the Managing Director will remain
                                                 eligible to receive the STI subject to any performance conditions being tested and satisfied
                                                 in accordance with terms set by the Board.




                                                                                                                            2019 ANNUAL REPORT     35
                    Long-term incentives (LTI)

                    LTI plan effective up to 30 June 2019

                    The company introduced the LTI plan, effective 1 July 2015. Key features of the LTI plan are as follows:

                        Why have a LTI        The LTI plan builds a sense of business ownership and alignment which benefits all shareholder




For personal use only
                        plan?                 interests. It encourages a greater focus on sustainable long-term growth and seeks to attract and
                                              retain key executives.
                        Who participates?     Executives and key staff. NEDs are not eligible to participate in the LTI plan.
                        What LTI’s are        Each executive has a maximum LTI opportunity depending on the accountabilities of the role and
                        available?            impact on organisational performance.
                                              The maximum LTI for each KMP is detailed in section r) Executive remuneration outcomes for
                                              FY2019.
                        How is the LTI        Awards under the LTI plan are made in the form of performance rights, which provide, when
                        delivered?            vested, one share at nil cost (provided the specified performance hurdle is met). No dividends
                                              are paid on unvested LTI awards. A new share will be issued for each vested performance right.
                                              At the discretion of the Board the LTI awards may be satisfied in cash rather than shares by
                                              payment of the cash equivalent value.
                        How are the           The number of performance rights allocated for each executive is calculated by reference to
                        number of rights      the target LTI opportunity outlined in the prior section. For the LTI, the target opportunity is the
                        determined for each   maximum opportunity.
                        LTI grant?            Allocations are made based on a face value approach using the Volume Weighted Average Price
                                              of Cedar Woods’ shares over the ﬁrst ﬁve trading days of the 2019 ﬁnancial year. This fixes the
                                              maximum number of shares and the actual number will vest in accordance with the performance
                                              conditions set out below.
                        When does the LTI     The Board will determine the outcomes at the end of the three-year performance period (1 July
                        vest?                 2018 to 30 June 2021), with vesting, if any, occurring once results are released and within a
                                              trading window. Once vested, there are no restrictions on trading the shares, subject to the
                                              company’s Securities Trading Policy.
                        What happens if an    If cessation of employment occurs, the following treatment will apply in respect of unvested
                        Executive leaves      rights:
                        Cedar Woods?          •   If the participant ceases employment with Cedar Woods on resignation or on termination for
                                                  cause, unvested rights will normally be forfeited.
                                              •   If the participant ceases employment in other circumstances (for example, due to illness,
                                                  total or permanent disablement, retirement, redundancy or other circumstances determined
                                                  by the Board), unvested rights will stay ‘on foot’ and may vest at the end of the original
                                                  performance period to the extent performance conditions are met. The Board may determine
                                                  in its discretion that the number of rights available to vest will be reduced pro-rata for time at
                                                  the date employment ceases.

                                              The Board will retain discretion to allow for accelerated vesting (pro-rated for performance and/
                                              or time) in special circumstances (as opposed to allowing unvested rights to remain ‘on foot’ on
                                              cessation of employment).
                        What happens in       Unless the Board determines otherwise, a pro-rata number of the participant’s unvested rights
                        the event of change   will vest based on the proportion of the performance period that has passed at the time of the
                        of control            change of control. Vesting will also be subject to the achievement of pro-rata performance
                                              conditions at the time of the change of control.
                        Do participants       Not prior to any vesting.
                        receive dividends
                        on LTI grants?
                        Can a participant     A participant cannot enter into any scheme, arrangement or agreement (including options and
                        deal with or trade    derivative products) under which the participant may alter the economic benefit to be derived
                        their performance     from any unvested rights.
                        rights before
                        vesting?
                        Is performance        No, there are no further retests of the performance conditions.
                        retested if
                        performance
                        hurdles are not
                        exceeded?
                        Do clawback           The company has an incentive claw back policy in place for executives and other staff. Under the
                        provisions apply to   policy, the Board may at its absolute discretion claw back vested and unvested incentives in the
                        LTI’s?                case of an “inappropriate benefit” arising.




           36       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        How is performance   The awards are subject to two equally weighted performance conditions which operate
                        assessed and         independently, so that awards can be made under either or both categories.
                        rewarded against     Relative TSR hurdle (50%): The relative TSR hurdle provides a comparison of external
                        these hurdles?       performance. The ASX Small Industrials Index is comprised of the companies included in
                                             the S&P/ASX 300 (excluding companies in the S&P/ASX 100) who have a Global Industry
                                             Classification Standard (GICS) classification other than Energy or Metals & Mining, with Cedar




For personal use only
                                             Woods included in this index. TSR (Total Shareholder Return) measures changes to share price
                                             and dividends paid to show the total return and is widely used in the investment community and
                                             is an appropriate hurdle as it aligns the experience of shareholders and executives.
                                             This index was chosen, rather than a peer group, as there are a limited number of companies
                                             with similar operations and in recent years the number of these has reduced even further through
                                             takeovers (e.g. Australand, CIC and Villa World) and changes to business models and operations
                                             (e.g. Aveo and Devine).
                                             Executives will only derive value from this component of the LTI if the company’s TSR
                                             performance is greater than the Index. Maximum vesting of the TSR hurdle at or above 15% of
                                             the Index recognises significant out-performance of the company over 3 years.
                                             The vesting schedule is as follows:

                                                 Relative TSR performance outcome                     Percentage of TSR-tested rights vesting
                                                 < Index                                              Nil
                                                 At the Index                                         50%
                                                 > Index and up to 15% above the Index                Pro-rata between 50% and 100%
                                                 > = 15% above the Index                              100%

                                             EPS compound annual growth rate (50%): EPS is a method of calculating the performance of an
                                             organisation, capturing information regarding an organisation’s earnings in proportion to the total
                                             number of shares issued by the organisation. The EPS calculation is:
                                             EPS =         Statutory net profit after tax
                                                           Weighted number of shares on issue
                                             Where:

                                                 Statutory net profit after tax:    as reported by a company at the most recent financial-year
                                                                                    end preceding the calculation date.
                                                 Weighted number of shares          the weighted number of shares on issue for the financial year.
                                                 on issue:

                                             The relevant inputs when setting the EPS target range are generally:
                                             •      The earnings and EPS targets contained in the company’s Corporate Plan,
                                                    particularly with reference to the most recent internal five-year forecasts;
                                             •      The level of stretch associated with those Corporate Plan targets;
                                             •      Any earnings guidance that has been provided to the market;
                                             •      Shareholder and analyst (individual and consensus) expectations.
                                             The vesting schedule for this component of the LTI is as follows:

                                                 EPS compound annual growth rate                Percentage of EPS-tested rights vesting
                                                 <5%                                            Nil
                                                 5%                                             50%
                                                 Between 5% - 10%                               Pro-rata between 50% and 100%
                                                 > = 10%                                        100%




                                                                                                                                  2019 ANNUAL REPORT   37
                    LTI plan effective for FY2020 (from 1 July 2019).

                    As noted in section p) Remuneration Governance, the Human Resources & Remuneration Committee
                    reviewed the remuneration framework with advice from external consultants. While the review of the
                    framework is ongoing, changes to the LTI Plan have been proposed for FY2020.




For personal use only
                        How is performance              The awards will continue to be subject to two equally weighted performance
                        assessed and rewarded           conditions which operate independently, so that awards can be made under either or
                        against the hurdles under the   both categories.
                        changes?                        Relative TSR hurdle (50%): The relative TSR hurdle described in the previous
                                                        section is unchanged for FY2020.
                                                        EPS compound annual growth rate (50%): From 1 July 2019 the target range in the
                                                        EPS vesting schedule will be reviewed on an annual basis. The relevant inputs when
                                                        setting the EPS target range will be:
                                                        •   The earnings and EPS targets contained in the Corporate Plan, particularly with
                                                            reference to the most recent internal five-year forecasts;
                                                        •   The level of stretch associated with those Corporate Plan targets;
                                                        •   Any earnings guidance that has been provided to the market;
                                                        •   Shareholder and analyst (individual and consensus) expectations;
                                                        •   The rate of growth in the Australian economy and the performance of the
                                                            property sector.

                                                        The Human Resources & Remuneration Committee will consider the appropriate
                                                        EPS target range and the level of payout if targets are met for the Executives. This
                                                        may include setting any maximum payout under the LTI plan and minimum levels of
                                                        performance to trigger payment of LTI.
                                                        All other key terms of the LTI plan remain unchanged.

                    Changes were made to the LTI plan for the following reasons:

                    •     Improving the LTI plan supports the objective of increasing the weighting of ‘at-risk’ components of
                          executive remuneration, as outlined in section q) ii) Approach to setting remuneration.
                    •     To ensure that a significant component of at-risk remuneration is equity based, thereby increasing the ‘skin
                          in the game’ held by the company’s executives over time.
                    •     It was deemed important that performance targets remain relevant, challenging and achievable in the
                          current economic and market conditions.
                    •     The Company’s previous EPS target range had been set a number of years ago in a period of higher
                          growth in the economy and property markets nationally, and in being a fixed range did not allow the target
                          to be adjusted for prevailing economic and market conditions.

                    The changes are designed to ensure that, in combination with other components of executive remuneration,
                    the LTI plan offers sufficient incentive to attract and retain executive staff and aligns to current shareholder
                    return expectations.




           38       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        r)   Executive remuneration outcomes for FY2019 (including link to performance)

                        Performance against STI balanced scorecard objectives

                        The table below provides a summary of the FY2019 STI objectives and performance of the company against
                        target outcomes as assessed by the Board. This performance measurement framework provides a close
                        alignment to the company’s overriding objective of providing long term value to shareholders and links to our




For personal use only
                        value creation model as described on page 11.

                                                                                                                                    Performance
                         Objectives               Measures                    Outcomes
                                                                                                                                    assessment

                         Business development

                         To build and             Undertake due diligence     Detailed assessment of numerous properties            Achieved
                         replenish the            investigations for new      across four states.
                         portfolio by acquiring   acquisitions consistent
                         quality assets           with approved checklist
                                                  and reporting measures
                                                  in a thorough and
                                                  disciplined manner

                                                  Acquire at least two        Two new properties secured in WA. A further site      Achieved
                                                  strong margin projects      is under exclusive due diligence.
                                                  each year, consistent
                                                  with the corporate growth
                                                  strategy

                         Pursue joint venture     Deepen relationships        Existing joint ventures (or development               Achieved
                         opportunities            with business               agreements) in WA with LandCorp (Western
                         and business             partners acting with        Edge) and Department of Housing (Harrisdale)
                         partnerships forged      professionalism,            progressed. New relationships being created &
                                                  transparency and with       nurtured.
                                                  quality outcomes
                         Developments
                         Maximise value,          Planning and engineering    Most of the approvals occurred in line with           Achieved
                         minimise risk with       approvals achieved in       assumptions and project programs remain on
                         project delivery on      time                        track.
                         time and on budget
                                                  Manage expenditure          Development costs predominantly kept within           Partially
                                                  diligently, seeking         budget. Delayed expenditure at some projects          achieved
                                                  opportunities to reduce     due to projects behind schedule. Costs are
                                                  costs and be in line with   competitively tendered or benchmarked to confirm
                                                  budget                      value for money.

                         Create quality           Innovation and quality in   A number of projects across all 4 states              Achieved
                         communities which        projects                    demonstrate innovation, product diversity and
                         embrace innovation                                   sustainability.
                         and sustainability
                         Sales and customer experience
                         Position projects to     Settlements                 Settlements achieved under budget, however            Achieved
                         meet market and                                      sufficient to achieve strong uplift in profit.
                         customer demand
                                                  Sales volumes and           Budgeted sales not achieved, primarily due to         Not achieved
                                                  revenue                     weaknesses in the WA market. Sales prices
                                                                              generally achieved in each state.

                                                  Enquiry                     Enquiry levels exceeded budget.                       Achieved

                                                  Customer satisfaction       Good net promoter scores achieved for settled         Achieved
                                                                              stages in each state.
                         Financial performance
                         Growth in earnings       Growth in NPAT and EPS      Strong NPAT growth of 14% and EPS growth of           Achieved
                         and financial                                        13%.
                         strength.
                                                  Satisfactory ROE and        ROE 13% (vs 10% min) and ROC 14% (vs 12%              Achieved
                                                  ROC                         min), both above company benchmarks.

                                                  Gearing (debt/equity)       Gearing at 30 June was 28%, at the lower end of       Achieved
                                                                              the target range.




                                                                                                                               2019 ANNUAL REPORT   39
                                                                                                                                  Performance
                        Objectives              Measures                     Outcomes
                                                                                                                                  assessment

                        Risk Management

                        Appropriate risk        Risk management              Risk framework comprehensively reviewed and          Achieved
                        management in           framework in place           updated and risk reviews performed and reported




For personal use only
                        place                                                to the Audit & Risk Management Committee.


                        People and culture

                        Attract, motivate and   Be a preferred employer      Employee engagement survey returned strong           Achieved
                        retain staff                                         results.
                                                                             New performance management process                   Achieved
                                                                             implemented to align high performance culture
                                                                             objectives and incentives.
                                                                             Employee turnover for FY2019 was within the          Achieved
                                                                             accepted range.

                                                Succession planning and      A number of staff were promoted in the year          Achieved
                                                training                     including one into an executive position.
                                                                             Staff attended numerous group and individual         Achieved
                                                                             training courses and industry events in FY2019

                        Shareholder engagement and satisfaction

                        Shareholders            Participation in share       The dividend reinvestment plan and bonus share       Achieved
                        support the company     issues                       plan were reactivated for the 2018 final dividend
                                                                             enabling shareholders to participate.

                                                Company investor             Regular roadshows and investor briefings held        Achieved
                                                relations program            during the year.

                                                Total Shareholder Return     One-year TSR for CWP of 5.3%, was lower than         Not achieved
                                                (TSR)                        the Small Industrials Index’s TSR of 6.4%.

                                                Support for AGM              All resolutions were overwhelmingly supported by     Achieved
                                                resolutions                  shareholders at 2018 AGM.

                                                Proxy advisors support       All resolutions were supported by proxy advisors     Achieved
                                                Board resolutions            and ASA at 2018 AGM with one exception on one
                                                                             resolution.

                        Sustainability & WHS

                        Environment;            Rehabilitate                 Remediation conducted at sites across the            Partially
                        Optimising land use;    contaminated sites and       portfolio, with some unforeseen costs and delays     achieved
                        Housing Diversity;      conservation land            experienced.
                        Heritage
                                                Sustainability outcomes      Strong sustainability outcomes achieved across all   Achieved
                                                across all projects          projects.

                                                Delivering the best use of   Appropriate densities embraced across infill         Achieved.
                                                land by optimising land      developments. Diverse product mix being
                                                use mix and product yield    delivered across the portfolio.

                                                Recognising indigenous       Heritage assessments undertaken for projects as      Achieved
                                                and cultural heritage        required. Heritage building adaption promoted at
                                                                             several new projects.

                        Create vibrant          Create and support           Neighbourhood grants schemes in place                Achieved
                        communities             communities                  across many projects with significant financial
                                                                             contributions. Facilitated many community events
                                                                             across the portfolio.

                        WHS                     Providing a safe working     New national WHS consultant appointed to             Achieved
                                                environment                  undertake audits. 100% compliance received on
                                                                             audit. Some reportable incidents, injuries and
                                                                                                                                  Partially
                                                                             near misses, but none involving serious injury.
                                                                                                                                  achieved




           40       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        The following table outlines the proportion of maximum STI earned and forfeited in relation to FY2019 and the
                        maximum STI that was available.

                                                                            Proportion of maximum STI earned and forfeited in FY2019

                                                                    MD              COO                 CFO        Company Secretary




For personal use only
                         Total earned of target%                   90%               91%                 94%                    89%

                         Total earned of target $              $256,500          $104,363            $46,875                 $44,250

                         Total forfeited of target%                10%                9%                  6%                    11%

                         Total forfeited of target $            $28,500           $10,637             $3,125                  $5,750

                         Target STI opportunity                $285,000          $115,000            $50,000                 $50,000

                         Maximum STI opportunity               $391,875          $158,125            $68,750                 $68,750


                        Performance against LTI objectives

                        The equity based LTI scheme plan has two vesting conditions a) a 3 year service condition and b) two
                        performance conditions measured over a 3 year period: 50 per cent of the LTI grant will be tested against a
                        relative total shareholder return (“TSR”) hurdle (measured against the S&P / ASX Small Industrials Index) and
                        50 per cent against earnings per share (“EPS”) growth compared with the Corporate plan targets.

                        The relative TSR performance condition was chosen as it offers a relevant indicator of measuring changes in
                        shareholder value by comparing the company’s return to shareholders against the returns of companies of a
                        similar size and investment profile.

                        The EPS performance condition was chosen as it is a primary determinant of shareholder value in a listed
                        company context.
                        The following table shows the maximum LTI opportunities that were granted to KMP during FY2019.

                                                                                            LTI awards in FY2019

                                                                                     MD                    COO                  CFO

                         Value granted (max LTI opportunity)                   $285,000                $105,000              $50,000

                        The LTI awards earned vest on 31 August 2021 subject to the two vesting conditions.




                                                                                                                   2019 ANNUAL REPORT   41
                    Terms and conditions of the share-based payment arrangements

                    The terms and conditions of each grant of rights affecting remuneration in the current or a future reporting
                    period are as follows:

                                                                                       Value at
                                                                                       start of                    Value per




For personal use only
                                                        Performance                  performance   Performance   share right at   Performance
                        Incentive Plan       Grant         period     Vesting date      period        hurdle      grant date       achieved     % Vested
                                                                                                   EPS Growth
                        FY2016 – Award 1                 1/7/15 to                                                  $4.12
                                           25/08/2015                 31/08/2018       $5.33        Relative                          No          Nil
                        (Employees)                       30/6/18                                                   $2.04
                                                                                                      TSR
                                                                                                   EPS Growth
                        FY2016 - Award 2                 1/7/15 to                                                  $3.43
                                           9/11/2015                  31/08/2018       $5.33        Relative                          No          Nil
                        (MD)                              30/6/18                                                   $0.96
                                                                                                      TSR
                                                                                                   EPS Growth                         No
                        FY2017 – Award 1                 1/7/16 to                                                  $4.29
                                           25/08/2016                 31/08/2019       $4.35        Relative                                      n/a
                        (Employees)                       30/6/19                                                   $2.75            Yes
                                                                                                      TSR
                                                                                                   EPS Growth                         No
                        FY2017 - Award                   1/7/16 to                                                  $4.15
                                           10/11/2016                 31/08/2019       $4.35        Relative                                      n/a
                        2 (MD)                            30/6/19                                                   $2.87            Yes
                                                                                                      TSR
                                                                                                   EPS Growth
                        FY2018 – Award 1                 1/7/17 to                                                  $4.62            to be
                                           25/08/2017                 31/08/2020       $5.16        Relative                                      n/a
                        (Employees)                       30/6/20                                                   $2.68         determined
                                                                                                      TSR
                                                                                                   EPS Growth
                        FY2018 - Award 2                 1/7/17 to                                                  $4.92            to be
                                           9/11/2017                  31/08/2020       $5.16        Relative                                      n/a
                        (MD)                              30/6/20                                                   $2.81         determined
                                                                                                      TSR
                                                                                                   EPS Growth
                        FY2019 – Award 1                 1/7/18 to                                                  $5.21            to be
                                           14/09/2018                 31/08/2021       $6.08        Relative                                      n/a
                        (Employees)                       30/6/21                                                   $3.01         determined
                                                                                                      TSR
                                                                                                   EPS Growth
                        FY2019 - Award 2                 1/7/18 to                                                  $4.62            to be
                                           13/11/2018                 31/08/2021       $6.08        Relative                                      n/a
                        (MD)                              30/6/21                                                   $2.59         determined
                                                                                                      TSR

                    The number of share rights granted to key management personnel under the LTI scheme during FY2019 is
                    shown in the table below. Rights granted will only vest upon satisfaction of the Performance Conditions which
                    are measured over the Performance Period. The number of rights granted has been determined by dividing
                    the FY2019 LTI grant opportunity by the market value of shares at the beginning of the performance period,
                    which is the volume weighted average price of the company’s shares over the first five trading days in FY2019
                    ($6.08). The market value of the shares is not discounted.

                    Upon vesting, each right is convertible into one fully paid ordinary share in the company. The executives
                    do not receive any dividends in relation to the rights during the vesting period. If an executive ceases
                    employment before the rights vest, the rights will normally be forfeited, except in limited circumstances that
                    are approved by the Board on a case-by-case basis. Shares converting under the FY2017 LTI plan will be
                    issued in FY2020.

                    The fair value of the rights has been determined using the amount of the grant date fair value.




           42       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Reconciliation of share rights held by KMP

                        The following table shows how many share rights were granted, vested and forfeited during the year for KMP.

                                             Balance                                                                 Balance at
                                              at start      Granted                                                 end of year
                        Name &                of year    during year    Vested            Forfeited                  (unvested)    Max. value




For personal use only
                        grant dates          Number         Number     Number    Vested    Number     Forfeited %       Number    yet to vest*
                        Executive director
                        N J Blackburne
                         13 Nov 2018                 -       46,875          -        -           -             -       46,875      $119,685
                         22 Aug 2017          36,434               -         -        -           -             -       36,434       $51,190
                         25 Aug 2016          29,885               -         -        -           -             -       29,885       $41,092
                         28 Aug 2015          15,009               -         -        -     15,009           100              -              -
                        Senior executives
                        P Archer
                         14 Sep 2018                 -       17,270          -        -           -             -       17,270       $50,497
                         22 Aug 2017          16,473               -         -        -           -             -       16,473       $22,074
                         25 Aug 2016          18,391               -         -        -           -             -       18,391       $25,288
                         28 Aug 2015            8,443              -         -        -      8,443           100              -              -
                        L M Hanrahan
                         14 Sep 2018                 -        8,224          -        -           -             -        8,224       $24,047
                         22 Aug 2017            3,488              -         -        -           -             -        3,488         $4,674
                         25 Aug 2016            2,759              -         -        -           -             -        2,759         $3,794
                         28 Aug 2015            2,251              -         -        -      2,251           100              -              -
                        P S Freedman
                         22 Aug 2017            7,752              -         -        -           -             -        7,752       $10,388
                         25 Aug 2016            9,195              -         -        -           -             -        9,195       $12,643
                         28 Aug 2015            7,505              -         -        -      7,505           100              -              -

                        * The LTI awards granted in FY2019 vest on 31 August 2021 subject to the two vesting conditions. The
                        maximum value of the deferred shares yet to vest has been determined as the amount of the grant date fair
                        value of the rights.




                                                                                                                       2019 ANNUAL REPORT        43
                    Performance of shareholder return metrics

                    In FY2019, the company delivered a profit of $48.6 million, an increase of 14.2 per cent over the prior year.

                    The returns to shareholders of Cedar Woods over the last 1, 3 and 5 years are detailed in the table below:

                        Returns to shareholders over 1, 3 and 5 years (%)              1 year               3 years            5 years




For personal use only
                        EPS growth                                                       13.0                   3.2                2.2

                        Share price growth                                              (1.0)                  31.0             (22.0)

                        Dividend growth (paid dividend)                                  20.0                  28.6               33.3

                        CWP TSR (change in share price and dividends)                        5.3               55.4                2.8

                        S&P Small Industrials Index (XSIAI) TSR                              6.4               35.8               64.1

                    The total shareholder return in FY2019 was 5.3 per cent which was lower than the S&P Small Industrials
                    Index total return of 6.4 per cent over the same period. The returns over 3 years compare favourably to the
                    returns of the S&P Small Industrials Index, although the returns over 5 years do not compare favourably.
                    Returns over the last 3 years compare favourably to listed peers in the property sector, noting the sector has
                    faced challenging conditions nationally.

                    Management is focused on delivering consistent earnings per share and dividend growth. The company’s
                    share price is subject to market factors that are beyond the company’s control. The measures of the
                    company’s financial performance over the last five years as required by the Corporations Act 2001 are shown
                    in the table below. However, these are not necessarily consistent with the measures used in determining the
                    variable amounts of remuneration awarded to KMP, the basis for which is outlined above. As a consequence,
                    there may not always be a direct correlation between the statutory key performance measures and the
                    variable remuneration awarded.

                                                                            2019     2018           2017              2016       2015

                        Profit for the year ($’000)                     48,644      42,603         45,445         43,602       42,585

                        Basic earnings per share (cents)                    60.9      53.9           57.6              55.3       54.3

                        Dividends per share (cents)                         31.5      30.0           30.0              28.5       28.0

                        Increase (decrease) in share price (%)              (1.0)     10.6           19.8             (17.3)    (28.0)


                    Executive remuneration for the years ended 30 June 2019 and 30 June 2018

                    When determining the remuneration mix for executives, the Human Resources and Remuneration committee
                    used the target STI and LTI opportunities contained in the tables on page 41, which differ from the amounts
                    calculated in the table below. In the below table, the actual cash bonuses are shown and the share based
                    payment is calculated in accordance with AASB 2 Share Based Payments.




           44       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                             For personal use only
                     Details of the remuneration of each executive of Cedar Woods is set out below.

                                                                                                                    Post                                                                              Performance
                              Name          Financial year                    Short-term benefits                employment                      Long-term benefits                                     related

                                                                                                        Non-                           Share
                                                               Cash salary                          monetary           Super-          based        Long Service      Termination
                                                               and fees # $     Cash bonus $        benefits $     annuation $   payment # # $          Leave $          Benefit $         Total $                %

                      Executive director

                      N J Blackburne*                2019          652,327            256,500           6,056           23,699          15,540            42,887                 -        997,008                 27
                                                     2018          511,680            158,860           6,643           23,974          57,953            43,614                 -        802,724                 27

                      P S Sadleir**                  2019                -                   -              -                -          -8,141                  -              -           -8,141                  -
                                                     2018          396,502                   -          2,347           10,633          29,146                  -         74,523          513,151                  6

                      Senior executives

                      P Archer***                    2019          389,469            104,363           5,727           20,531           4,237            -8,261                 -        516,066                 21
                                                     2018          369,866             88,725           7,448           20,049          32,819            13,958                 -        532,865                 23

                      L M Hanrahan****               2019          263,886             46,875           7,785           20,531           4,932             5,165                 -        349,174                 15
                                                     2018          226,514             28,700           1,507           20,049           6,205             9,794                 -        292,769                 12

                      PS                             2019          251,479             44,250             541           24,999          -4,588           -35,219                 -        281,463                 14
                      Freedman*****                  2018          363,700             56,350           1,141           25,000          17,068             8,957                 -        472,216                 16

                      Total                          2019        1,557,161            451,988         20,108            89,760          11,980             4,573               -        2,135,570
                                                     2018        1,868,261            332,635         19,086            99,704         143,190            76,323          74,523        2,613,722

                     * N J Blackburne was promoted from Chief Operating Officer to Managing Director effective 18 September 2017.
                     ** P S Sadleir retired from the position of Managing Director on 18 September 2017.
                     *** P Archer was promoted from the role of State Manager - Victoria and South Australia to Chief Operating Officer effective 13 November 2017. P Archer joined the senior executive group on 1
                     September 2017 as State Manager - Victoria and South Australia. Amounts shown above include P Archer’s total FY2018 remuneration.
                     **** L M Hanrahan was promoted from the role of Group Financial Controller to Chief Financial Officer effective 1 June 2018 and joined the senior executive group on this date. Amounts shown
                     above include L M Hanrahan’s total FY2018 remuneration. L M Hanrahan’s total FY2018 remuneration of $292,769 disclosed above includes $268,371 relating to the period prior to joining the
                     senior executive group.
                     *****P S Freedman transitioned to a part time role in FY2019 with remuneration pro-rated accordingly.
                     A state manager that was included in the KMP in FY2018 has been excluded from the above table as it has been determined that the state manager position does not satisfy the definition of
                     KMP, as noted on page 30 of this report. The total remuneration for KMP disclosed in FY2018 was $3,005,238.
                     # Equity-settled share-based payments relate to the component of the fair value of awards from the 2017, 2018 and 2019 LTI schemes attributable to the year measured in accordance with
                     AASB 2 Share Based Payments. No shares were issued under the plans in FY2018 or FY2019, hence the ‘take home’ remuneration received for the year by the executive group is as shown in
2019 ANNUAL REPORT

                     the table above, excluding the share based payments.
                     Cash salary and fees include annual leave accrual for the FY2019 period.
45
                    s)      Executive contracts

                    Remuneration and other terms of employment for executives are formalised in employment agreements.

                    Details of executive service contract for the Managing Director and other executives

                    The Managing Director, Mr N J Blackburne is employed under an ongoing contract.




For personal use only
                    Mr Blackburne’s total remuneration package for FY2019 was as follows:

                    •     Fixed remuneration of $680,000 per annum
                    •     Target STI opportunity of $285,000, Maximum STI opportunity of $391,875
                    •     Target & Maximum LTI opportunity $285,000.

                    The target STI and LTI opportunity each represent 23% of the total target remuneration. The maximum STI
                    opportunity represents 29% of the maximum remuneration.

                    If the Managing Director resigns following a takeover or substantial change of control of the company due to a
                    material variation or diminution in his position duties, reporting structure or status, he will be entitled to be paid
                    the maximum amount permitted under s 200G of the Corporations Act 2001.

                    The agreements for the executives are reviewed annually by the Human Resources and Remuneration
                    Committee for each KMP and details are as follows:

                                                               Contract term            Notice required to         Termination benefit *
                                                                                        terminate contract

                        Executive director                      No fixed term                     6 months     Either party may terminate
                        N J Blackburne                                                                              with 6 months’ notice

                        Other senior executives                 No fixed term               Up to 3 months    Up to 3 months base salary

                    * For treatment of STI and LTI awards upon cessation of employment please refer to q) iii. Details of incentive
                    plans section of the Directors Report.


                    t)      NED fee arrangements

                    Determination of fees and maximum aggregate NED fee pool

                    On appointment to the Board, all NEDs enter into a service agreement with the company in the form of a
                    letter of appointment. The letter details the terms, including fees, relevant to the office of the NED. Fees and
                    payments to NEDs reflect the demands which are made on, and the responsibilities of the NEDs.

                    NEDs’ receive an additional fee for chairing committees (no additional fees are paid for committee
                    membership or for memberships of directors on subsidiary Boards). NEDs do not receive performance-based
                    remuneration.

                    Remuneration of NEDs is determined by the Board, after receiving recommendations from the Human
                    Resources and Remuneration Committee, within the maximum aggregate amount approved by the
                    shareholders from time to time (currently set at $750,000). The total of NED fees paid in FY2019 was
                    $596,200. The Board will not seek any increase for the NED maximum aggregate fee pool at the 2019 AGM.

                    Fee policy

                    NEDs’ annual fees were last reviewed from FY2019 (effective date: 1 July 2018). The annual fees (inclusive of
                    superannuation) for FY2019 and FY2018 are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                   FY2019                        FY2018
                                                                                                        $                             $
                        Chair                                                                      164,000                       161,000
                        Deputy Chair                                                               126,500                       124,000
                        Other NEDs                                                                  88,700                        87,000
                        Committee Chair                                                             13,200                        13,000
                        Committee member                                                                Nil                            Nil




           46       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        NED remuneration for the years ended 30 June 2019 and 30 June 2018

                        The table below outlines fees paid to NEDs for FY2019 and FY2018 in accordance with statutory rules and
                        applicable accounting standards.

                                                                      Short-term benefits     Post employment




For personal use only
                                                                             Board and         Superannuation                   Total
                         Name                       Financial year      committee fees $                    $                       $

                         W G Hames                           2019                 149,772              14,228                164,000
                                                             2018                 147,032              13,968                161,000

                         R S Brown                           2019                  115,525             10,975                126,500
                                                             2018                  113,242             10,758                124,000

                         R Packer                            2019                 104,601              23,699                128,300
                                                             2018                 102,301              23,699                126,000

                         V A Davies                          2019                   81,005               7,695                88,700
                                                             2018                   79,452               7,548                87,000

                         J M Muirsmith *                     2019                   81,005               7,695                88,700
                                                             2018                   59,589               5,661                65,250

                         Total                               2019                  531,908             64,292                596,200
                                                             2018                  501,616             61,634                563,250

                        * Mrs J M Muirsmith was appointed on 2 October 2017.


                        u)   Additional statutory disclosures

                        Equity instrument disclosures relating to KMP

                        The numbers of ordinary shares in the company held during the financial year by each director and other KMP
                        of Cedar Woods, including their personally-related parties, are set out below. There were no shares granted
                        during the period as remuneration.

                                                                     Number of shares at       Other changes     Number of shares at
                         2019                                         the start of the year    during the year    the end of the year

                         NEDs

                         W G Hames *                                           10,343,320                 230             10,343,550

                         R S Brown                                              7,985,584                    -             7,985,584

                         R Packer                                                 167,859                    -               167,859

                         V A Davies                                                 15,297                488                 15,785

                         J M Muirsmith                                              10,198                325                 10,523

                         Executive director

                         N J Blackburne                                             42,870              4,465                 47,335

                         Senior executives

                         P Archer                                                   20,277                 24                 20,301

                         L M Hanrahan                                               11,398                   -                11,398

                         P S Freedman                                             107,583               1,000                108,583
                        			




                                                                                                                  2019 ANNUAL REPORT    47
                                                                    Number of shares at             Other changes        Number of shares at
                        2018                                         the start of the year          during the year       the end of the year

                        NEDs

                        W G Hames *                                           10,195,091                    148,229                10,343,320




For personal use only
                        R S Brown                                               7,985,584                          0                7,985,584

                        R Packer                                                  167,859                          0                  167,859

                        V A Davies                                                 15,000                       297                     15,297

                        J M Muirsmith                                                    0                   10,198                     10,198

                        Executive Directors

                        N J Blackburne                                             38,283                      4,587                    42,870

                        Senior executives

                        P Archer                                                   20,262                         15                    20,277

                        L M Hanrahan                                               11,398                          0                    11,398

                        P S Freedman                                              105,912                      1,671                  107,583
                    * Includes 2,014,439 (2018 – 2,014,439) shares over which W G Hames has voting rights and a first right of refusal to
                       purchase.
                    The interests shown above comply with AASB124 Related Party Disclosures and differ to those shown at item
                    l) of the directors’ report which comply with the requirements of sections 608 and 609 of the Corporations Act
                    2001. The table above includes the shares held by related parties of the KMP.

                    Other transactions with key management personnel

                    Where entities related to directors are able to fulfil the requisite criteria to provide the services at competitive
                    rates, they may be engaged by the company to perform the services, subject to the Board considering the
                    services under the Conflict of Interest policy, available on the Company website. Should entities connected
                    with the directors be engaged, the directors declare their interests in those dealings and take no part in
                    decisions relating to them.

                    The consolidated entity uses a number of firms for architectural, urban design and planning services, creative
                    design services and settlement services. Accordingly, the company has a high level of knowledge regarding
                    commercial rates for these services. In addition, tenders and market reviews are regularly conducted to
                    ensure that services are provided on competitive terms and conditions.

                    During the year planning, architectural and consulting services were provided by Hames Sharley Architects
                    of which Mr W G Hames is a principal. The transactions were performed on normal commercial terms and
                    conditions and fees paid were consistent with market rates. The value of services provided was lower than in the
                    previous year as a result of the timing of architectural and design work performed on the Williams Landing Town
                    Centre and the Glenside project in Adelaide. The Glenside project was introduced to the company by Hames
                    Sharley.

                    During the year creative design services were provided by Axiom Design, an entity associated with the family
                    of Mr W G Hames. Mr Hames has no beneficial interest in Axiom Design. The services were performed on
                    normal commercial terms and conditions.

                    Property settlement charges were paid to Westland Settlement Services Pty Ltd, a company associated with the
                    family of Mr R S Brown. The charges were based on normal commercial terms and conditions. At the estates
                    where Westland Settlement Services was engaged, the number of lots that settled in FY2019 was similar to that
                    of the previous year and as a result the value of transactions with Westland Settlement Services Pty Ltd is also
                    similar.

                    Cedar Woods has for many years been a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors (AICD). Mr
                    P S Sadleir (former Managing Director) was a council member of AICD WA. The annual subscription paid in
                    2018 was based on normal commercial terms and conditions.

                    In 2019 and 2018 a payment was made for sponsorship of the Property Education Foundation Inc. of which
                    Mr R Packer is a trustee with no beneficial interest. The transaction was based on normal commercial terms
                    and conditions.



           48       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Aggregate amounts of each of the above types of other transactions with key management personnel of
                        Cedar Woods or their related entities:

                                                                                                          2019                2018
                                                                                                             $                   $

                         Amounts recognised as expense




For personal use only
                         Creative design services                                                        30,908              26,240

                         Settlement fees                                                                189,616             181,985

                         Subscriptions                                                                        -              10,000

                         Sponsorships                                                                     3,182               3,182

                                                                                                        223,706             221,407

                         Amounts recognised as inventory/ investment property

                         Architectural fees                                                             221,993             578,016

                                                                                                        221,993             578,016

                         Total amounts recognised in year                                               445,699             799,423

                         Aggregate amounts of assets at balance date relating to the above types of
                         other transactions with directors of Cedar Woods or their related entities:
                        Inventory                                                                       219,718             571,316
                        Investment property                                                               2,275               6,700
                                                                                                        221,993             578,016
                        		    		
                        There are no aggregate amounts payable to directors of Cedar Woods at balance date. There are no amounts
                        payable to related entities at balance date relating to the above types of other transactions.

                        At 30 June 2019, an amount of $Nil (2018 - $5,365) was outstanding on a loan to a key management
                        personnel employee issued under the former employee share plan. Under the now discontinued plan, certain
                        employees were granted shares funded by interest free loans from the company and with the loans repaid by
                        dividends. There are no other amounts owing from related entities at balance date.


                        v)   Independent audit of remuneration report

                        The remuneration report has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC). See page 114 of this annual
                        report for PwC’s report on the remuneration report.




                                                                                                                  2019 ANNUAL REPORT   49
                    w)    Retirement, election and continuation in office of directors

                    Mr W G Hames and Mr R S Brown retire by rotation at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting and being
                    eligible, will offer themselves for re-election.


                    x)    Insurance of officers




For personal use only
                    During the financial year, Cedar Woods paid a premium in respect of directors’ and officers’ liabilities that
                    indemnifies certain officers of the company and its controlled entities. The officers of the company covered
                    by the insurance policy include the directors and the Company Secretary. The liabilities insured include costs
                    and expenses that may be incurred in defending civil or criminal proceedings that may be brought against the
                    officers in their capacity as officers of the company and its controlled entities. The directors have not included
                    more specific details of the nature of the liabilities covered or the amount of the premium paid in respect of the
                    policy, as such disclosure is prohibited under the terms of the contract.


                    y)    Non-audit services

                    The group may decide to employ the auditor on assignments additional to their statutory audit duties where
                    the auditor’s expertise and experience with the company and/or group are important.

                    Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor for audit and non-audit services provided during the year
                    are set out in note 36 in the other information section of this report.

                    The Board of directors has considered the position and, in accordance with the advice received from the Audit
                    and Risk Management Committee, is satisfied that the provision of the non-audit services is compatible with
                    the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001. The directors are
                    satisfied that the provision of non-audit services by the auditor did not compromise the auditor independence
                    requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 for the following reasons:

                    All non-audit services have been reviewed by the Audit and Risk Management Committee to ensure they do
                    not impact the impartiality and objectivity of the auditor.

                    None of the services undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES
                    110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants.


                    z)    Auditor’s independence declaration

                    A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act
                    2001 forms part of this directors’ report and is set out on page 51.


                    aa)   Rounding of amounts

                    The company is of a kind referred to in AISC Legislative Instrument 2016/191, relating to the ‘rounding off’ of
                    amounts in the directors’ report. Amounts in the directors’ report have been rounded off in accordance with the
                    instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or in certain cases, to the nearest dollar.

                    The directors reporting including the remuneration report is signed in accordance with a resolution of the
                    directors of Cedar Woods.




                    N J Blackburne
                    Managing Director
                    27 August 2019




           50       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Auditor’s independence declaration




For personal use only
                             Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                             As lead auditor for the audit of Cedar Woods Properties Limited for the year ended 30 June 2019, I
                             declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

                             (a)    no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                                    relation to the audit; and
                             (b)    no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.
                             This declaration is in respect of Cedar Woods Properties Limited and the entities it controlled during
                             the period.




                             Helen Bathurst                                                                                    Perth
                             Partner                                                                                  27 August 2019
                             PricewaterhouseCoopers




                             PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                             Brookfield Place, 125 St Georges Terrace, PERTH WA 6000, GPO Box D198, PERTH WA 6840
                             T: +61 8 9238 3000, F: +61 8 9238 3999, www.pwc.com.au

                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




                                                                                                                 2019 ANNUAL REPORT    51
                           TARGET HEAD OFFICE
                            Located at Williams Landing town centre.




For personal use only



           52       CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                     For personal use only




2019 ANNUAL REPORT




53
                                             Financial Statements




  F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S




For personal use only
                                             Consolidated Statement of Profit or
                                             Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                             For the Year Ended 30 June 2019                         55

                                             Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                             As at 30 June 2019                                      56

                                             Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                             For the Year Ended 30 June 2019                         57

                                             Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
                                             For the Year Ended 30 June 2019                         58




                                             These financial statements are consolidated financial statements for the group consisting of Cedar Woods
                                             Properties Limited and its subsidiaries. A list of major subsidiaries is included in note 28.

                                             The financial statements are presented in the Australian currency.

                                             Cedar Woods Properties Limited is a company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in Australia.

                                             Its registered office and principal place of business is:

                                             Ground Floor,
                                             50 Colin Street
                                             WEST PERTH WA 6005.

                                             The financial statements were authorised for issue by the directors on 27 August 2019. The directors have the
                                             power to amend and reissue the financial statements.




                                        54   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
                        Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                        For the Year Ended 30 June 2019

                                                                                                              2019                 2018
                                                                                          Note               $’000      *Restated $’000




For personal use only
                         Revenue from operations

                         Sale of land and buildings                                            1           361,571             232,329

                         Development services                                                  1             7,351               1,401

                         Rent from properties                                                  1             6,227               6,086

                         Interest revenue                                                                      708                 679

                                                                                                           375,857             240,495

                         Other Income                                                                        1,662               2,946

                         Expenses

                         Cost of sales of land and buildings                                             (254,142)            (138,265)

                         Cost of providing development services                                             (6,433)               (691)

                         Other expenses from ordinary activities:

                            Project operating costs                                                        (24,027)            (21,794)

                            Occupancy                                                                        (751)                (708)

                           Administration                                                                  (19,810)            (16,653)

                            Other                                                              2             (364)                 (40)

                         Finance costs                                                         2            (3,072)             (4,020)

                         Share of net profit (loss) of joint ventures accounted           29(iii)               22                (122)
                         for using the equity method

                         Profit before income tax                                                           68,942              61,148

                         Income tax expense                                                    3           (20,298)            (18,545)

                         Profit for the year                                             21 & 4             48,644              42,603

                         Total comprehensive income for the year                                            48,644              42,603

                         Total comprehensive income attributable to                                         48,644              42,603
                         members of Cedar Woods Properties Limited

                         Earnings per share for profit attributable to the
                         ordinary equity holders of the company:

                         Basic earnings per share                                              4         60.9 cents          53.9 cents

                         Diluted earnings per share                                            4         60.6 cents          53.7 cents

                        * See Note 39 for details regarding the restatement as a result of a change in accounting policy.

                        The above consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in
                        conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                      2019 ANNUAL REPORT   55
  F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
                                             Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                             As at 30 June 2019

                                                                                                                                              2019                2018
                                                                                                                       Note                  $’000     *Restated $’000
                                              ASSETS




For personal use only
                                              Current assets
                                              Cash and cash equivalents                                                     5               13,442             23,692
                                              Trade and other receivables                                                   6                9,903             13,689
                                              Inventories                                                                   7             144,778             183,108
                                              Deferred development costs                                                    8                2,921              2,182
                                              Total current assets                                                                        171,044             222,671
                                              Non-current assets
                                              Receivables                                                                   6                      2               69
                                              Inventories                                                                   7             337,065             314,731
                                              Deferred development costs                                                    8                8,317              9,309
                                              Investments accounted for using the equity method                             9                2,725              3,028
                                              Property, plant and equipment                                               10                 9,692              7,688
                                              Investment properties                                                       11                41,642             42,561
                                              Lease incentives                                                            12                 1,224              1,459
                                              Total non-current assets                                                                    400,667             378,845
                                              Total assets                                                                                 571,711            601,516


                                              LIABILITIES
                                              Current liabilities
                                              Trade and other payables                                                    13                30,881             46,376
                                              Derivative financial instruments                                            15                     230              121
                                              Other financial liabilities                                                 16                 9,338             38,454
                                              Current tax liabilities                                                                        3,822             16,515
                                              Contract Liabilities                                                       1(ii)               5,813              7,079
                                              Provisions                                                                  17                 4,094              1,024
                                              Total current liabilities                                                                     54,178            109,569
                                              Non-current liabilities
                                              Borrowings                                                                  14               118,756            132,826
                                              Derivative financial instruments                                            15                      31               63
                                              Other financial liabilities                                                 16                16,849              1,224
                                              Provisions                                                                  17                     125               77
                                              Deferred tax liabilities                                                    18                 5,242              4,571
                                              Total non-current liabilities                                                               141,003             138,761
                                              Total liabilities                                                                           195,181             248,330
                                              Net assets                                                                                  376,530             353,186


                                              EQUITY
                                              Contributed equity                                                          19              125,979             123,018
                                              Reserves                                                                    20                     427              442
                                              Retained profits                                                            21              250,124             229,726
                                              Total equity                                                                                376,530             353,186
                                             * See Note 39 for details regarding the restatement as a result of a change in accounting policy.
                                             The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                        56   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                         F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
                        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                        For the Year Ended 30 June 2019					

                                                                                 Contributed               Retained
                                                                                      equity   Reserves      profits        Total
                                                                        Note           $’000      $’000       $’000         $’000




For personal use only
                         Balance at 1 July 2017                                     119,525        210     210,499       330,234

                         Profit for the year                                               -          -     42,603        42,603

                         Total comprehensive income for the year                           -          -     42,603        42,603

                         Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:

                         Contributions of equity, net of transaction
                         costs and tax                                    19          3,493           -            -       3,493

                         Transfers from reserves to retained profits                       -        (6)           6             -

                         Dividends provided for or paid                   27               -          -    (23,382)      (23,382)

                         Employee share plan reserve                      20               -       238             -         238

                                                                                      3,493        232     (23,376)      (19,651)

                         Balance at 30 June 2018                                    123,018        442     229,726       353,186



                         Balance at 1 July 2018                                     123,018        442     229,726       353,186



                         Profit for the year                                               -          -     48,644        48,644

                         Total comprehensive income for the year                           -          -     48,644        48,644

                         Transactions with owners in their
                         capacity as owners:

                         Contributions of equity, net of transaction
                         costs and tax                                    19          2,961           -            -       2,961

                         Transfers from reserves to retained profits                       -          -            -            -

                         Dividends provided for or paid                   27               -          -    (28,313)      (28,313)

                         Employee share plan reserve                      20               -       (15)          67           52

                                                                                      2,961        (15)    (28,246)      (25,300)

                         Balance at 30 June 2019                                    125,979        427     250,124       376,530

                        					
                        The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
                        notes.




                                                                                                               2019 ANNUAL REPORT   57
  F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
                                             Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
                                             For the Year Ended 30 June 2019

                                                                                                               Note              2019            2018
                                                                                                                                $’000           $’000

                                              Cash flows from operating activities




For personal use only
                                              Receipts from customers (incl. GST)                                             403,651         265,092

                                              Payments to suppliers and employees (incl. GST)                                 (84,556)        (62,703)

                                              Payments for land and development                                              (245,814)       (191,633)

                                              Interest received                                                                   737                407

                                              Borrowing costs paid                                                             (8,601)         (7,682)

                                              Income taxes paid                                                               (32,329)        (10,026)

                                              Net cash inflows (outflows) from operating activities              23            33,089          (6,545)



                                              Cash flows from investing activities

                                              Proceeds from capital return from joint venture                                     325                975

                                              Payments for investment properties                                                 (309)         (1,129)

                                              Payments for property, plant and equipment                                       (3,776)         (3,736)

                                              Net cash outflows from investing activities                                      (3,760)         (3,890)



                                              Cash flows from financing activities

                                              (Repayment of) proceeds from borrowings                                         (14,246)         45,600

                                              Dividends paid                                                     27           (25,335)        (19,873)

                                              Net cash (outflows) inflows from financing activities                           (39,581)         25,727



                                              Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                            (10,250)         15,292

                                              Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                           23,692           8,400

                                              Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                    5            13,442          23,692
                                             			
                                             The above consolidated cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                        58   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Notes to the Financial Statements




                                                                                                                                                 F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
                        These are the consolidated financial statements of Cedar Woods Properties Limited and its subsidiaries. A list
                        of major subsidiaries is included in note 28.

                        The notes are set out in the following main sections:




For personal use only
                        A Key numbers:

                        Provides a breakdown of those individual line items in the financial statements that the directors consider
                        most relevant in the context of the operations of the group, or where there have been significant changes that
                        required specific explanations; the section further explains what accounting policies have been applied to
                        determine these line items and how the amounts were affected by significant estimates and judgements made
                        in calculating the final numbers.

                        B Financial risks:

                        Discusses the group’s exposure to various financial risks, explains how these affect the group’s financial
                        position and performance and what the group does to manage these risks.

                        C Group structure:

                        Explains significant aspects of the group structure and how changes have affected the financial position and
                        performance of the group.

                        D Unrecognised items:

                        Provides information about items that are not recognised in the financial statements but could potentially have
                        a significant impact on the group’s financial position and performance.

                        E Further information:

                        Information that is not immediately related to individual line items in the financial statements, such as related
                        party transactions, share based payments and a full list of the accounting policies applied by the entity.




                                                                                                                      2019 ANNUAL REPORT    59
                     Section A: Key Numbers


  KEY NUMBERS
                     This section provides a breakdown of those individual line items in the financial statements that the directors
                     consider most relevant in the context of the operations of the group, or where there have been significant
                     changes that required specific explanations, what accounting policies have been applied to determine these




For personal use only
                     line items and how the amounts were affected by significant estimates and judgements made in calculating
                     the final numbers.




                     Profit or Loss Information                            61

                     1.   Revenue                                          61

                     2.   Expense items                                    62

                     3.   Income tax                                       63

                     4.   Earnings per share                               64

                     Balance Sheet Information                             65

                     5.   Cash and cash equivalents                        65

                     6.   Trade and other receivables                      65

                     7.   Inventories                                      66

                     8.   Deferred development costs                       66

                     9.	Investments accounted for using
                         the equity method                                 67

                     10. Property, plant and equipment                     67

                     11. Investment properties                             67

                     12. Lease incentives                                  68

                     13. Trade and other payables                          68

                     14. Borrowings                                        69

                     15. Derivative financial instruments                  70

                     16. Other financial liabilities                       71

                     17. Provisions                                        71

                     18. Deferred tax                                      72

                     19. Equity                                            74

                     20. Reserves                                          75

                     21. Retained profits                                  75

                     22.	Categories of financial assets
                          and financial liabilities                        76

                     Cash Flow information                                 77

                     23. Cash Flow Information                             77




                60   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Profit or Loss Information


                                                                                                                                               KEY NUMBERS
                        1.    Revenue
                        (i) Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers




For personal use only
                                                                                                              2019                 2018
                                                                                                             $’000      *Restated $’000

                         Timing of revenue recognition

                         At a point in time

                         Sale of land and buildings                                                       361,571              232,329

                         Development services                                                                7,351               1,401

                         Over time

                         Rent from properties                                                                6,227               6,086



                        (ii) Assets and liabilities related to contracts with customers

                                                                                                              2019                2018
                                                                                                             $’000               $’000

                         Current contract assets

                         Commissions relating to property sales                                              2,144               1,968

                         Total contract assets                                                               2,144               1,968



                         Costs to fulfil a contract

                         Commissions relating to property sales                                              2,030                 820

                        Sales commissions incurred to fulfill a property sale contract were previously classified as prepayments in the
                        balance sheet when incurred and expensed when the associated settlement revenue was recognised. These
                        are now classified as contract assets when incurred and continue to be expensed when associated revenue is
                        recognised.

                                                                                                              2019                 2018
                                                                                                             $’000      *Restated $’000

                         Current contract liabilities

                         Customer rebates                                                                    5,813               7,079

                         Total contract liabilities                                                          5,813               7,079



                         Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
                         liability balance at the beginning of the period

                         Customer rebates                                                                    4,483               6,033

                        * See Note 39 for details regarding the restatement as a result of a change in accounting policy.




                                                                                                                     2019 ANNUAL REPORT   61
  KEY NUMBERS
                     (iii) Transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations

                     The transaction price allocated to partially unsatisfied performance obligations at 30 June 2019 is set out below:

                                                                                                                                  2019
                                                                                                                                 $’000




For personal use only
                        Within one year                                                                                        223,802

                        More than one year                                                                                     106,596

                        Total                                                                                                  330,398

                     As permitted under the transitional provisions in AASB 15 Revenue from contracts with customers the
                     comparative of 30 June 2018 is not disclosed.

                     2.      Expense items
                     Profit before income tax expense includes the following specific expenses:

                                                                                           Note                2019               2018
                                                                                                              $’000              $’000

                        Finance costs

                        Interest and finance charges                                                          8,511              7,239

                        Interest – other financial liabilities                                                 579               2,585

                        Unrealised financial instrument losses (gains)                                           76              (223)

                        Less: amount capitalised                                              (i)           (6,094)             (5,581)

                        Finance costs expensed                                                                3,072              4,020

                     (i) Capitalised borrowing costs

                     Where qualifying assets have been financed by the entity’s corporate facility, the capitalisation rate used to
                     determine the amount of borrowing costs to be capitalised is the weighted average interest rate applicable to
                     the entity’s corporate facility during the year, in this case 2.8% (2018 – 2.9%) per annum. Where qualifying
                     assets are financed by specific facilities, the applicable borrowing costs of those facilities are capitalised.

                                                                                                               2019               2018
                                                                                           Note               $’000    *Restated $’000

                        Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                  280                 159

                        Rental expense relating to operating leases

                        Minimum lease payments                                                                 935                 793



                        Provision for customer rebates                                                        3,585              3,828

                        Loss allowance of trade receivables                                    6              (302)              (107)

                        Superannuation                                                                        1,093                987

                        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                         10              1,246                948

                        Depreciation of investment properties                                 11              1,029              1,072

                        Employee benefits expense                                                           12,007              11,550

                     * See Note 39 for details regarding the restatement as a result of a change in accounting policy.

                                                                                           Note                2019               2018
                                                                                                              $’000              $’000

                        Other

                        Write-down of inventory                                                                271                  38

                        Impairment of lease incentives and capitalised lease costs            11                 98                  2

                        Available for sale financial assets                                                     (5)                   -

                                                                                                               364                  40




                62   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                              KEY NUMBERS
                        3.    Income tax
                        This note provides an analysis of the group’s income tax expense and how the tax expense is affected by
                        non-assessable and non-deductible items.

                        (i) Income tax expense




For personal use only
                                                                                                   Note      2019                2018
                                                                                                            $’000               $’000

                         Current tax                                                                       19,699              16,971

                         Deferred tax                                                                        671                1,684

                         Adjustments for current tax of prior periods                                        (72)               (110)

                         Income tax expense attributable to profit                                         20,298              18,545



                         Deferred income tax expense (revenue) included in
                         income tax expense comprises:

                         Decrease in deferred tax assets                                             18     1,130                 356

                         (Decrease) increase in deferred tax liabilities                             18     (459)               1,328

                                                                                                             671                1,684

                        (ii) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable

                                                                                                             2019                2018
                                                                                                            $’000               $’000

                         Profit before income tax                                                          68,942              61,148

                         Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2018 – 30%)                                20,683              18,344

                         Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible (taxable) in calculating taxable
                         income:

                         - Subsidiary company profit                                                        (477)                 (28)

                         - Interest revenue                                                                  149                  210

                         - Employee share scheme                                                              (4)                  71

                         - Share of net profit (loss) of joint venture                                        (7)                  36

                         - Sundry items                                                                       21                   22

                                                                                                            (318)                 311

                         Adjustments for current tax of prior periods:

                         - Research and development                                                          (67)               (110)

                                                                                                             (67)               (110)

                         Income tax expense                                                                20,298              18,545




                                                                                                                    2019 ANNUAL REPORT   63
  KEY NUMBERS
                     4.     Earnings per share

                                                                                                        2019              2018

                        Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                60.9               53.9

                        Diluted earnings per share (cents)                                              60.6               53.7




For personal use only
                        Net profit attributable to the ordinary owners of the company ($’000)         48,644             42,603

                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator
                        in the calculation of earnings per share                                  79,925,054         79,001,250

                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator
                        in the calculation of diluted earnings per share                          80,332,583         79,331,776

                     The calculation of diluted earnings per share includes performance rights that may vest under the
                     company’s LTI plan.




                64   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Balance Sheet Information


                                                                                                                                                KEY NUMBERS
                        5.       Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                                               2019                2018




For personal use only
                                                                                                              $’000               $’000

                             Cash at bank and in hand                                                        13,442              23,692

                                                                                                             13,442              23,692
                        		
                        The above figure reconciles to the amount of cash shown in the statement of cash flows at the end of the
                        year.

                        Cash at bank includes cash held in day to day bank transaction accounts and deposit accounts earning
                        interest from 0 to 1.8% (2018: 0 – 1.8%) per annum depending on the balances.

                        The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk is discussed in note 25 Financial risk management. The maximum
                        exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amount of each class of cash and cash equivalents
                        mentioned above.

                        6.       Trade and other receivables

                                                                                           Notes               2019                 2018
                                                                                                              $’000      *Restated $’000

                             Current

                             Trade receivables                                                  (ii)          4,786              11,162

                             Less: Loss allowance                                          (i), (ii)          (130)                (432)

                             Other receivables                                                  (ii)          1,310                 142

                             Contract assets                                                   (iii)          2,144               1,968

                             Prepayments                                                       (iii)          1,793                 849

                                                                                                              9,903              13,689

                             Non-Current

                             Prepayments                                                                          -                  60

                             Loans – employee share scheme (discontinued)                       37                2                   9

                                                                                                                  2                  69


                        i)     Credit risk

                        To measure the lifetime expected credit loss for rental debtors, a provision is raised against each debtor
                        based upon the payment profile over the last 12 months, adjusted for current and forward-looking information
                        supporting the expected settlement of the receivable.

                        ii) Classification as trade and other receivables

                        Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary
                        course of business. Loans and other receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable
                        payments and are not quoted in an active market. If collection of the amounts is expected in one year or less
                        they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets. Trade receivables are
                        generally due for settlement within 30 days and therefore are all classified as current. The group’s accounting
                        policies for trade and other receivables are outlined in note 38(h).

                        iii) Reclassification

                        Certain prepayments totalling $1,968,000 at 30 June 2018 have been reclassified as contract assets in
                        accordance with the adoption of AASB15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.




                                                                                                                      2019 ANNUAL REPORT   65
  KEY NUMBERS
                     7.        Inventories

                                                                                                              2019               2018
                                                                                           Notes             $’000              $’000

                          Total Inventory




For personal use only
                          Current inventory                                                 (i), (ii)      144,778           183,108

                          Non-current inventory                                             (i), (ii)      337,065           314,731

                          Aggregate carrying amount                                                        481,843           497,839


                                                                                                              2019               2018
                                                                                                             $’000              $’000

                          Current

                          Property held for resale

                          - at cost                                                                         32,666            43,352

                          - at valuation 30 June 1992                                                           29                    -

                          - capitalised development costs                                                  112,083           139,756

                                                                                                           144,778           183,108

                     The 1992 valuations were independent valuations which were based on current market values at that time.

                                                                                                              2019               2018
                                                                                                             $’000              $’000

                          Non-Current

                          Property held for resale

                          - at cost                                                                        229,175           226,167

                          - at valuation 30 June 1992                                                           62                   91

                          - capitalised development costs                                                  102,577            83,264

                          - at net realisable value                                                          5,251              5,209

                                                                                                           337,065           314,731
                     			
                     The 1992 valuations were independent valuations which were based on current market values at that time.

                     i)     Current and non-current assets pledged as security

                     Refer to note 14 for information on current assets pledged as security by the parent entity or its controlled
                     entities.

                     ii) Accounting for inventory

                     Refer to note 38(i) for the recognition and classification of inventory.

                     8.        Deferred development costs

                                                                                                              2019               2018
                                                                                                             $’000              $’000

                          Current

                          Deferred development costs                                                         2,921              2,182

                                                                                                             2,921              2,182

                          Non-Current

                          Deferred development costs                                                         8,317              9,309

                                                                                                             8,317              9,309




                66   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                  KEY NUMBERS
                        		
                        Development costs incurred by the group for the development of land not held as inventory by the group are
                        recorded as deferred development costs in the balance sheet.

                        9.        Investments accounted for using the equity method




For personal use only
                                                                                                                2019                2018
                                                                                                               $’000               $’000

                             Unlisted securities

                             Shares in joint ventures                                                          2,725               3,028


                        i)     Cedar Woods Wellard Limited

                        The consolidated entity owns a 32.5% (2018: 32.5%) interest in Cedar Woods Wellard Limited, a property
                        development company incorporated in Australia. Refer to note 29.

                        10. Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                                                2019                2018
                                                                                                               $’000               $’000

                             Plant and Equipment at Cost

                             At start of the year                                                             10,422               7,236

                             Additions                                                                         3,792               3,736

                             Assets disposed                                                                  (1,326)               (550)

                             At end of the year                                                               12,888              10,422

                             Accumulated depreciation on Plant and Equipment

                             At start of the year                                                              2,734                2,114

                             Charge for year                                                                   1,246                 948

                             Assets disposed                                                                   (784)                (328)

                             At end of the year                                                                3,196               2,734

                         Net book value                                                                        9,692               7,688
                        		
                        a) Non-current assets pledged as security

                        Refer to note 14 for information on non-current assets pledged as security by the parent entity or its controlled
                        entities.

                        11. Investment properties

                                                                                                Note            2019                2018
                                                                                                               $’000               $’000

                             Non-current assets – at cost

                             Opening balance at the start of the year                                        42,561               43,425

                             Capitalised expenditure                                                            208                  210

                             Depreciation                                                                    (1,029)              (1,072)

                             Impairment of capitalised lease costs                                              (98)                  (2)

                             Closing balance at the end of the year                                          41,642               42,561

                             Represented by:

                             Completed investment property                           (i),(ii),(iii),(iv)     41,642               42,561

                             Closing balance at the end of the year                                          41,642               42,561




                                                                                                                        2019 ANNUAL REPORT   67
  KEY NUMBERS
                     i)     Amounts recognised in profit or loss for investment properties

                                                                                                           2019                 2018
                                                                                                          $’000                $’000

                          Rental income                                                                   5,417                5,357

                          Direct operating expenses from property that generated rental income          (3,870)               (3,110)




For personal use only
                      Impairment of lease incentives and capitalised lease costs                           (98)                   (2)
                     		
                     ii) Fair value of investment property

                     The fair value of the Williams Landing Shopping Centre which makes up completed investment property at
                     30 June 2019 is $72.0m exclusive of GST, based on a management valuation (2018 - $70.0m based on an
                     independent valuation). This includes land surrounding the shopping centre for future development which is
                     on the same title.

                     iii) Leasing arrangements

                     Investment properties are leased to tenants under long term operating leases. Minimum lease payments
                     under non-cancellable leases are receivable as follows:

                                                                                                           2019                 2018
                                                                                                          $’000                $’000

                          Within one year                                                                 4,387                4,471

                          Later than one year but not later than 5 years                                 19,064               16,333

                          Later than 5 years                                                             21,826               30,107

                                                                                                         45,277               50,911


                     iv) Non-current assets pledged as security

                     Refer to note 14 for information on non-current assets pledged as security by the parent entity or its controlled
                     entities.

                     12. Lease incentives

                                                                                                           2019                 2018
                                                                                                          $’000                $’000

                          Lease incentives                                                                2,626                2,516

                          Amortisation of lease incentives                                                (816)                 (552)

                          Impairment of lease incentives                                                  (586)                 (505)

                                                                                                          1,224                1,459
                     		
                     (i) Non-current assets pledged as security

                     Refer to note 14 for information on non-current assets pledged as security by the parent entity or its controlled
                     entities.

                     13. Trade and other payables

                                                                                                           2019                 2018
                                                                                                          $’000                $’000

                          Trade payables                                                                  8,751               12,985

                          Accruals                                                                       19,057               24,061

                          GST payable                                                                     2,849                8,365

                          Other payables                                                                   224                   965

                                                                                                         30,881               46,376

                     Trade payables are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 days of recognition. The carrying amounts of
                     trade and other payables are assumed to be the same as their fair values due to their short-term nature.


                68   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                   KEY NUMBERS
                        14. Borrowings

                                                                                                                 2019                 2018
                                                                                                                $’000                $’000

                             Non-Current




For personal use only
                             Bank loans – secured (Corporate facilities)                                       89,800              104,000

                             Bank loan – secured (Williams Landing Shopping Centre facility)                   29,193               29,193

                             Facility fees capitalised (amortised over the period of facility)                  (414)                (546)

                             Amortisation of facility fees                                                        177                 179

                                                                                                              118,756              132,826
                        		
                        The fair value of non-current borrowings equals their carrying amount.

                        i)     Security for borrowings

                        All of the consolidated entity’s assets are pledged as security for the group’s finance facilities.

                        Bank loans totalling $89,800,000 (2018 - $104,000,000) provided by two major banks $44,900,000 each
                        (2018 - $52,000,000 each) each are secured by first registered mortgages over some of the consolidated
                        entity’s land holdings, and first registered charges, guarantees and indemnities provided by Cedar Woods
                        and applicable subsidiary entities. Cedar Woods has provided first registered charges over its assets and
                        undertakings in relation to the corporate loan facility (see below).

                        The Williams Landing Shopping Centre facility is secured by a first registered mortgage over the Williams
                        Landing Shopping Centre disclosed in investment properties at note 11.

                        ii) Financing arrangements

                        Unrestricted access was available to the following lines of credit at balance date:

                                                                                                                 2019                 2018
                                                                                                                $’000                $’000

                             Corporate facilities

                             Total facilities (loan and guarantees)                                           205,000              240,000

                             Used at balance date                                                             104,579              120,942

                             Unused at balance date                                                           100,421              119,058



                             Williams Landing Shopping Centre facility

                             Total facility                                                                    30,000               30,000

                             Used at balance date                                                              29,193               29,193

                             Unused at balance date                                                               807                 807



                             111 Overton Road facility

                             Total facility                                                                          -              27,070

                             Used at balance date                                                                    -                   -

                             Unused at balance date                                                                  -              27,070



                             Total Facilities                                                                 235,000              297,070

                             Used at balance date                                                             133,772              150,135

                             Unused at balance date                                                           101,228              146,935




                                                                                                                         2019 ANNUAL REPORT   69
  KEY NUMBERS
                     The consolidated entity has total corporate finance facilities of $205,000,000 (2018 - $240,000,000), with
                     $102,500,000 (2018 - $120,000,000) each provided by two major banks, expiring 30 November 2020. The
                     company modified and extended its corporate finance facility in July 2019 introducing a third major bank. The
                     changes include longer facility tenure, with the previous three year facility now comprising:
                     •     $165,000,000 (approximately 80%) of the facility extending to June 2022; and




For personal use only
                     •     $40,000,000 (approximately 20%) of the facility extending to June 2024.

                     The conditions of the facilities impose certain covenants including the consolidated entity’s revenue, interest
                     cover and loan-to-valuation ratio. The interest on the corporate loan facilities is variable and at 30 June 2019
                     was an average rate of 2.73% (2018 - 3.37%) per annum. The corporate facilities include bank guarantee
                     facilities of $20,000,000 (2018 - $20,000,000) subject to similar terms and conditions, which were drawn to a
                     total amount of $14,779,000 at 30 June 2018 (2018 - $16,941,000).

                     The consolidated entity has a facility of $30,000,000 (2018 - $30,000,000) in place for the Williams Landing
                     Shopping Centre investment property. The conditions of the facility impose certain covenants including loan-
                     to-valuation ratio and interest cover ratio. The facility extends to June 2021. The interest on the Williams
                     Landing Shopping Centre loan facility is variable and at 30 June 2019 was an average rate of 2.95% (2018 –
                     3.29%) per annum.

                     The 111 Overton Road facility expiring November 2019, was paid out early and closed during 2019.

                     Details of the group’s exposure to risk arising from current and non-current borrowings are set out in note 25.
                     Financial risk management.

                     15. Derivative financial instruments

                                                                                                              2019               2018
                                                                                                             $’000              $’000

                         Current liabilities

                         Interest rate swap contracts                                                          230               121

                         Non-current liabilities

                         Interest rate swap contracts                                                           31                63

                                                                                                               261               184



                     a) Instruments used by the group

                     The group is party to derivative financial instruments in the normal course of business in order to manage
                     exposure to fluctuations in interest rates in accordance with the group’s financial risk management policies.

                     Interest rate hedge contracts
                     The bank loans currently bear an average variable interest rate of 2.73% per annum (2018 – 3.37% per
                     annum). It is the group’s policy to protect part of the loans from exposure to fluctuations in interest rates.
                     Accordingly, the consolidated entity has entered into interest rate hedge contracts under which part of the
                     consolidated entity’s projected borrowings are protected for the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2022. The
                     group uses a combination of swaps, caps and collars to hedge interest rates.

                     The swaps effectively fix interest rates applicable to bank bills issued with duration of 1 month (BBSY Bid)
                     at certain levels between 2.070% - 2.495% per annum (2018 – 2.070% - 2.495% per annum). The caps
                     effectively cap interest rates applicable to bank bills issued with duration of 3 months (BBSY Bid) at certain
                     levels between 1.50% - 1.95% (2018 – N/A). The collars effectively cap interest rates applicable to bank bills
                     issued with duration of 3 months (BBSY Bid) at 1.50% and apply a floor to interest rates of 0.87% (2018 –
                     N/A).

                     Interest rate hedge contracts currently in place cover approximately 46% (2018 – 41%) of the variable loans
                     outstanding at balance date, with terms expiring in 2020, 2021 and 2022. The group is not applying hedge
                     accounting to these derivatives. The gain or loss from re-measuring the derivative financial instruments at fair
                     value is recognised in profit or loss.




                70   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                 KEY NUMBERS
                        16. Other financial liabilities
                                                                                                                2019               2018
                                                                                             Notes             $’000              $’000
                         Current

                         Due to vendors of properties under contracts of sale                                  8,957             38,454




For personal use only
                         Other payables                                                             (i)          381                    -

                                                                                                               9,338             38,454



                         Non-Current

                         Due to vendors of properties under contract of sale                                  16,849                    -

                         Other payables                                                             (i)               -           1,224

                                                                                                              16,849              1,224
                        			
                        i)     Fair value adjustment

                        During the period the group re-assessed its project cash flows associated with the other payables, resulting in
                        a fair value adjustment through profit or loss.



                        17. Provisions

                                                                                          Notes                2019                2018
                                                                                                              $’000               $’000

                             Current

                             Employee benefits                                                                1,073               1,024

                             Site remediation                                                 (i)             3,021                     -

                                                                                                              4,094               1,024
                        			

                                                                                                              2019                 2018
                                                                                                             $’000                $’000

                             Non-current

                             Employee benefits                                                                 125                  77

                                                                                                               125                  77
                        			
                        i)     Movements in site remediation provisions

                                                                                                              2019                 2018
                                                                                                             $’000                $’000

                             Carrying amount at start of year                                                     -                     -

                             Capitalised to inventory                                                        3,400

                             Payments                                                                         (379)                     -

                             Carrying amount at end of year                                                  3,021                      -
                        		
                        Site remediation provision has been recognised in respect of an obligation under a land acquisition contract.




                                                                                                                      2019 ANNUAL REPORT    71
  KEY NUMBERS
                     18. Deferred tax
                     a) Assets

                                                                                                                        2019           2018
                                                                                                     Notes             $’000          $’000




For personal use only
                        The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:

                        Inventory                                                                                      2,572          3,414

                        Special Unit in the BCM Apartment Trust                                                        1,858          1,858

                        Provision for customer rebates                                                                 1,744          1,949

                        Provision for employee benefits                                                                 744             504

                                                                                                                       6,918          7,725

                        Other

                        Derivative financial instruments                                                                 78              75

                        Borrowing costs                                                                                  58              68

                        Receivables                                                                                      39             286

                        Share issue expenses                                                                               5             53

                        Other sundry items                                                                               73              94

                        Sub-total other                                                                                 253             576

                        Total deferred tax assets                                                                      7,171          8,301

                        Set-off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                                (7,171)         (8,301)

                        Net deferred tax assets                                                                            -               -

                        Deferred tax assets at the start of the year                                                   8,301          8,657

                        (Decrease) in deferred tax assets (debited) to income tax expense                3           (1,130)          (356)

                        Deferred tax assets at the end of the year                                                     7,171          8,301

                        Deferred tax assets expected to be recovered within 12 months                                  3,175          4,404

                        Deferred tax assets expected to be recovered after more than 12
                        months                                                                                         3,996          3,897

                                                                                                                       7,171          8,301



                                                                                        Provision       Provision
                                                                   Special Unit                for             for
                                                                    in the BCM          customer        employee
                                                    Inventory        Apartment            rebates        benefits                     Total
                        Movements                       $’000       Trust $’000             $’000           $’000    Other $’000      $’000

                        At 1 July 2017                   2,947           1,858              2,354             763              735    8,657

                        (Charged)/credited

                        - to profit or loss                 467               -             (405)            (259)         (159)      (356)

                        At 30 June 2018                  3,414           1,858              1,949             504              576    8,301

                        (Charged)/credited

                        - to profit or loss                (842)              -             (205)             240          (323)     (1,130)

                        At 30 June 2019                  2,572           1,858              1,744             744              253    7,171




                72   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                           KEY NUMBERS
                        b) Liabilities

                                                                                                                         2019                2018
                                                                                                Notes                   $’000               $’000

                         The balance comprises temporary differences
                         attributable to:




For personal use only
                         Amounts recognised in profit or loss

                         Inventory                                                                                      7,671               8,266

                         Deferred development costs                                                                     3,371               3,130

                         Prepayments                                                                                      647                 656

                         Investment Property                                                                              324                 348

                                                                                                                       12,013              12,400

                         Other

                         Lease incentives                                                                                 367                 438

                         Revaluation reserve                                                                               21                   26

                         Other sundry items                                                                                12                    8

                         Sub-total other                                                                                  400                 472

                         Total deferred tax liabilities                                                                12,413              12,872

                         Set off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off
                         provisions                                                                                    (7,171)             (8,301)

                         Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                   5,242               4,571

                         Deferred tax liabilities at the start of the year                                             12,872              11,544

                         (Decrease) increase in deferred tax liabilities
                         (credited) debited to income tax expense                                    3                  (459)               1,328

                         Deferred tax liabilities at the end of the year                                               12,413              12,872

                         Deferred tax liabilities expected to be settled
                         within 12 months                                                                               6,284               4,549

                         Deferred tax liabilities expected to be settled after
                         more than 12 months                                                                            6,129               8,323

                                                                                                                       12,413              12,872

                        			

                                                                          Deferred                       Investment
                                                          Inventory   development      Prepayments         Property
                         Movements                            $’000    costs $’000           $’000             $’000    Other $’000     Total $’000

                         At 1 July 2017                      5,958            4,633           370               305              278        11,544

                         Charged/(credited)

                         - to profit or loss                 2,308           (1,503)          286                43              194         1,328

                         At 30 June 2018                     8,266            3,130           656               348              472        12,872

                         Charged/(credited)

                         - to profit or loss                  (595)              241           (9)              (24)             (72)        (459)

                         At 30 June 2019                     7,671            3,371           647               324              400        12,413
                        						
                         						




                                                                                                                                 2019 ANNUAL REPORT   73
  KEY NUMBERS
                     19. Equity

                                                                              2019            2018             2019            2018
                                                                            Shares          Shares            $’000           $’000

                          Movement in ordinary share capital




For personal use only
                          Start of the year                              79,516,567     78,891,681         123,018          119,525

                          Shares issued pursuant to the dividend
                          reinvestment plan:

                          Ordinary shares issued on 26 October 2018 at     526,554                -           2.970                   -
                          $5.64

                          Ordinary shares issued on 27 April 2018 at              -        577,860                -           3,502
                          $6.06

                          Shares issued pursuant to the bonus share
                          plan:

                          Ordinary shares issued on 26 October 2018         74,646                -               -                   -

                          Ordinary shares issued on 27 April 2018                 -         47,026                -                   -

                          Transaction costs arising on share issues               -               -             (9)              (9)

                                                                           601,200         624,886            2,961           3,493

                          End of the year                                80,117,767     79,516,567         125,979          123,018
                     						
                     Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to participate in dividends and the proceeds on any winding up of the
                     company in proportion to the number of shares held. On a show of hands every holder of ordinary shares
                     present at a meeting in person or by proxy, is entitled to one vote, and upon a poll each share is entitled to
                     one vote.

                     i)     Dividend reinvestment plan

                     The company has established a dividend reinvestment plan under which holders of ordinary shares may elect
                     to have all or part of their dividend satisfied by the issue of new ordinary shares rather than being paid in
                     cash. Shares may be issued under the plan at a discount to the market price, at the discretion of the Directors.

                     ii) Bonus share plan

                     The company has established a bonus share plan under which holders of ordinary shares may elect not to
                     receive dividends but to receive instead additional fully paid shares issued as ‘Bonus Shares’ to the equivalent
                     value of the dividend foregone. The entitlement for shares issued under the plan is calculated based on the
                     same pricing mechanism as the dividend reinvestment plan, including any discount.

                     The dividend reinvestment plan and bonus share plan were in place during the 2019 financial year.




                74   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                               KEY NUMBERS
                        20. Reserves
                        The following table shows the composition and movement in reserves during the year. A description of the
                        nature and purpose of reserves is provided below the table.

                                                                                          Notes               2019                 2018
                                                                                                             $’000                $’000




For personal use only
                         Composition

                         a) Asset revaluation reserve (pre-1992)                                               49                   49

                         b) Employee share plan reserve                                                       378                  393

                                                                                                              427                  442

                         Movements

                         a) Asset revaluation reserve

                         Balance at the beginning of the year                                                  49                   55

                         Transfer to retained profits                                        21                  -                  (6)

                         Balance at the end of the year                                                        49                   49

                         b) Share-based payments reserve

                         Balance at the beginning of the year                                                 393                  155

                         Share-based payments expense                                                         (15)                 238

                         Balance at the end of the year                                                       378                  393
                        		
                        The asset revaluation reserve was used until 1992 to record increments and decrements on the revaluation of
                        non-current assets. Refer to note 38(i).

                        The share-based payments reserve is used to recognise the grant date fair value of the rights issued to
                        employees adjusted for those rights not expected to vest. Refer to note 37.

                        21. Retained profits

                                                                                           Notes              2019                 2018
                                                                                                             $’000                $’000

                         Retained profits at the start of the year                                         229,726            210,499

                         Net profit attributable to members of Cedar Woods                                  48,644             42,603

                         Transfers from reserves                                              19                67                   6

                         Dividends provided for or paid                                       27           (28,313)           (23,382)

                         Retained profits at the end of the year                                           250,124            229,726




                                                                                                                     2019 ANNUAL REPORT   75
  KEY NUMBERS
                     22. Categories of financial assets and financial liabilities
                     Notes 5, 6, 13, 14, 15, and 16 provide information about the group’s financial instruments, including:

                     (i)        Specific information about each type of financial instrument

                     (ii)       Accounting policies




For personal use only
                     (iii)	Information about determining the fair value of the instruments, including judgements and estimation
                            uncertainty involved.

                     The group holds the following financial instruments:

                                                                                                      Financial assets
                                                                                                     at amortised cost          Total
                        Financial Assets                                                  Notes                  $’000          $’000
                        2019
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                5              13,442         13,442
                        Trade and other receivables*                                             6               5,968          5,968
                        Total                                                                                   19,410         19,410
                        2018
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                5              23,692         23,692
                        Trade and other receivables*                                             6              10,881         10,881
                        Total                                                                                   34,573         34,573
                     *Excluding prepayments and contract assets


                                                                                Derivatives used         Liabilities at
                                                                                     for hedging       amortised cost           Total
                        Financial Liabilities                         Notes                $’000                 $’000          $’000
                        2019
                        Trade and other payables                          13                     -              30,881         30,881
                        Borrowings                                        14                     -             118,756        118,756
                        Derivative financial instruments                  15                   261                    -          261
                        Other financial liabilities                       16                     -              26,187         26,187
                        Total                                                                  261            175,824         176,085
                        2018
                        Trade and other payables                          13                     -              46,376         46,376
                        Borrowings                                        14                     -            132,826         132,826
                        Derivative financial instruments                  15                   184                    -          184
                        Other financial liabilities                       16                     -              39,678         39,678
                        Total                                                                  184            218,880         219,064




                76   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Cash Flow information


                                                                                                                                                       KEY NUMBERS
                        23. Cash Flow information
                        i)     Reconciliation of profit after income tax to net cash inflows (outflows) from operating activities




For personal use only
                                                                                                                      2019               2018
                                                                                                                     $’000              $’000

                             Profit after income tax                                                               48,644              42,603

                             Depreciation                                                                            2,275              2,020

                             Amortisation of lease incentives                                                         263                 208

                             Write down of assets – investment property and lease incentives                            98                  2

                             Write down of inventory                                                                  271                  37

                             Write down/ loss on sale of non-current assets                                           280                 159

                             Write down of available for sale financial assets – BCM Apartment Trust                 (843)                   -

                             Fair value loss (gain) on derivative financial instrument                                  77               (223)

                             Non-cash share-based payments (reversal) expense                                         (15)                238

                             Share of profit (loss) in equity accounted investment                                    (22)                122

                             Changes in operating assets and liabilities

                             Increase (decrease) in provisions for employee benefits                                    97               (387)

                             Increase (decrease) in provisions                                                       1,755               (836)

                             Decrease (increase) in inventories                                                    15,996             (75,725)

                             Decrease in other deferred development costs                                             253               4,233

                             Decrease in deferred tax assets                                                         1,130                356

                             (Decrease) increase in current income tax payable                                    (12,694)              6,807

                             (Decrease) increase in deferred tax liability                                           (459)              1,328

                             Decrease (increase) in capitalised borrowing costs                                       176                (114)

                             Decrease (increase) in debtors                                                          3,846             (7,867)

                             (Decrease) increase in creditors                                                     (15,391)             22,293

                             (Decrease) in other financial liabilities                                            (12,648)             (1,799)

                             Net cash inflows (outflows) from operating activities                                 33,089              (6,545)




                                                                                                                             2019 ANNUAL REPORT   77
  KEY NUMBERS
                     ii) Net debt reconciliation

                     This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in debt for each of the periods presented.

                                                                                                                  2019               2018
                                                                                                                 $’000              $’000




For personal use only
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                               13,442             23,692

                        Borrowings – repayable within one year                                                          -                -

                        Borrowings – repayable after one year                                                (118,756)           (132,826)

                        Net debt                                                                             (105,314)           (109,134)



                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                               13,442             23,692

                        Gross debt – fixed interest rates                                                               -                -

                        Gross debt – variable interest rates                                                 (118,756)           (132,826)

                        Net debt                                                                             (105,314)           (109,134)
                     		

                                                                Other Assets             Liabilities from financing activities

                                                                               Borrowings due
                                                                                  within 1 year    Borrowings due                    Total
                                                                 Cash $’000               $’000   after 1 year $’000                 $’000

                        Net debt as at 1 July 2017                     8,400                  -             (87,340)              (78,940)

                        Cash flows                                    15,292                  -             (45,600)              (30,308)

                        Other non-cash movements                           -                  -                  114                  114

                        Net debt as at 30 June 2018                   23,692                  -            (132,826)             (109,134)

                        Cash flows                                  (10,250)                  -               14,246                 3,996

                        Other non-cash movements                           -                  -                 (176)                (176)

                        Net debt as at 30 June 2019                   13,442                  -            (118,756)             (105,314)
                     				




                78   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Section B: Financial risks



                                                                                                                                           FINANCIAL RISKS
                        This section of the notes discusses the group’s exposure to various risks and shows how these could affect
                        the group’s financial position and performance.




For personal use only
                        24.   Significant estimates and judgements          80

                        25.   Financial Risk Management                     81

                        26.   Capital management objectives and gearing     85

                        27.   Dividends		                                   86




                                                                                                                 2019 ANNUAL REPORT   79
                         Significant estimates and judgements



  FINANCIAL RISKS
                         The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, will seldom
                         equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the group’s accounting
                         policies.




For personal use only
                         This note provides an overview of the areas that involved a higher degree of judgement or complexity and
                         of items which are more likely to be materially adjusted due to estimates and judgements turning out to be
                         inaccurate. Detailed information about each of these estimates and judgements is presented below.

                         24. Significant estimates and judgements
                         Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors,
                         including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity. The judgements that
                         have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts or presentation of assets and
                         liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.

                         a) Inventory - classification

                         Judgement is exercised with respect to estimating the classification of inventory between current and non-
                         current assets. Inventory is classified as current only when sales are expected to result in realisation of cash
                         within the next twelve months, based on management’s sales forecasts.

                         b) Inventory - valuation

                         The recoverable amount of inventory is estimated based on an assessment of net realisable value including
                         future development costs. This requires judgement as to the future cash flows likely to be generated from the
                         properties included in inventory, including in some cases, judgement regarding the likelihood and timing of
                         obtaining development approvals. If the approvals are not received when anticipated, the recoverable amount
                         of inventory may be significantly impaired. Refer also to note 38(i).

                         There were no critical judgements other than those involving estimates referred to above, that management
                         made in applying the group’s accounting policies.




                    80   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Financial risk management



                                                                                                                                                         FINANCIAL RISKS
                        This note explains the group’s exposure to financial risks and how these risks could affect the group’s future
                        financial performance. Current year profit and loss information has been included where relevant to add
                        further context.




For personal use only
                        25. Financial Risk Management
                        The group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks:

                         Risk                           Exposure arising from         Measurement                Management
                         Market risk – interest rate    Long term borrowings at       Cash flow forecasting      Interest rate swaps
                         risk                           variable rates                Sensitivity analysis
                         Credit risk                    Cash and cash equivalents,    Ageing analysis            Ongoing checks by
                                                        trade and other receivables   Credit ratings             management
                                                        and derivative financial                                 Contractual arrangements
                                                                                      Management of deposits
                                                        instruments
                         Liquidity risk                 Borrowings and other          Forecast and actual cash   Flexibility in funding
                                                        liabilities                   flows                      arrangements

                        Financial risk management is considered part of the overall risk management program overseen by the Audit
                        and Risk Management committee. Further detail on the types of risks to which the group is exposed and the
                        way the group manages these risks is set out below.

                        The group holds the following financial instruments:

                                                                                                                     2019                    2018
                                                                                                                    $’000                   $’000
                         Financial assets
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 13,442                  23,692
                         Trade and other receivables                                                                9,903                  13,689
                                                                                                                   23,345                  37,381
                         Financial liabilities
                         Trade and other payables                                                                  30,881                  46,376
                         Other financial liabilities                                                               26,187                  39,678
                         Borrowings                                                                              118,756                  132,826
                         Derivative financial instruments                                                             260                    184
                                                                                                                 176,084                  219,064
                        		
                        a) Market risk

                        i. Price risk
                        The consolidated entity has no foreign exchange exposure or price risk on equity securities.

                        ii. Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
                        As the consolidated entity does not have a significant portfolio of interest-bearing assets, the income and
                        operating cash inflows are not materially exposed to changes in market interest rates.

                        Interest rate risk arises from exposures to long term borrowings, where those borrowings are issued at
                        variable interest rates. Borrowings issued at variable interest rates expose the group to cash flow interest rate
                        risk.

                        The consolidated entity reviews the potential impact of variable interest rate changes and considers various
                        interest rate management products in the context of prevailing monetary policy of the Reserve Bank and
                        economic conditions. Accordingly, the consolidated entity has entered into interest rate swap, cap and collar
                        contracts under which a part of the consolidated entity’s projected borrowings are protected for the period
                        from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2022.

                        There is an indirect exposure to interest rate changes caused by the impact of these changes upon the




                                                                                                                         2019 ANNUAL REPORT         81
  FINANCIAL RISKS
                         property market. The group addresses this risk by virtue of managing its pricing, product offer and planned
                         development programs.

                         iii.   Instruments used by the group
                         Interest rate swaps effectively fix interest rates applicable to bank bills issued with duration of 1 month (BBSY
                         Bid) at certain levels between 2.070% - 2.495% per annum (2018 – 2.070% - 2.495% per annum). Interest




For personal use only
                         rate caps effectively cap interest rates applicable to bank bills issued with duration of 3 months (BBSY Bid)
                         at certain levels between 1.50% - 1.95% (2018 – N/A). Interest rate collars effectively cap interest rates
                         applicable to bank bills issued with duration of 3 months (BBSY Bid) at 1.50% and apply a floor to interest
                         rates of 0.87% (2018 – N/A). Hedge contracts currently in place cover 46% (2018 - 41%) of the variable loan
                         outstanding at balance date, with terms expiring in 2020, 2021 and 2022.

                         The consolidated entity’s policy is to limit a significant proportion of its borrowings to a maximum fixed rate
                         using interest rate swaps or caps to achieve this when necessary. The hedge contracts described above
                         covered 46% of the bank loan at balance sheet date of $118,993,000 (2018 - $133,193,000).

                         The consolidated entity’s exposure to interest rate risk and the effective weighted average interest rate for
                         receivables and borrowings is set out below.

                                                                2019                                               2018
                                                  Interest                                           Interest
                                                 bearing -    Non-interest                          bearing -    Non-interest
                                            variable $’000   bearing $’000       Total $’000   variable $’000   bearing $’000    Total $’000
                          Receivables
                          Other                          -           9,903            9,903                 -          13,689        13,689
                          receivables
                          Employee                       -               2                2                 -               9              9
                          share loans
                                                         -           9,905            9,905                 -          13,698        13,698


                                                                2019                                               2018
                                                  Interest        Interest                           Interest        Interest
                                                  bearing         bearing                            bearing         bearing
                                                   - fixed       - variable                           - fixed       - variable
                                                    $’000            $’000       Total $’000           $’000            $’000    Total $’000
                          Interest
                          bearing
                          liabilities
                          Bank loans                     -        118,993           118,993                 -        133,193        133,193
                          Other financial          25,806                 -          25,806           38,454                 -       38,454
                          liabilities
                                                   25,806         118,993           144,799           38,454         133,193        171,647
                         			
                         The weighted average interest rate at year end is 2.73% (2018: 3.37%)

                         An analysis by maturity is provided in 25(c)i. below.

                         iv.    Summarised interest rate sensitivity analysis
                         The potential impact of a change in bank interest rates of + / -1% is not significant to the group’s net profit and
                         equity.

                         The potential impact on financial assets is not significant. Refer to comments above for further information on
                         the impact of changes in interest rates upon the group.

                         b) Credit risk

                         The consolidated entity has minimal exposure to credit risk from customers as title to lots or units in the
                         consolidated entity’s developments does not generally pass to customers until funds are received.

                         Policies and procedures are in place to mitigate credit risk including management of deposits and review of
                         the financial capacity of customers. Ongoing checks are performed by management to ensure that settlement
                         terms detailed in individual contracts are adhered to. For land under option the consolidated entity secures


                    82   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                     FINANCIAL RISKS
                        its rights by way of encumbrances on the underlying land titles. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the
                        reporting date is the carrying amount of the financial assets as summarised above.

                        Derivative counterparties and cash deposits are placed with high credit quality financial institutions, such as
                        major trading banks.

                        Credit risk may arise in relation to bank guarantees given to certain parties. These guarantees are supported




For personal use only
                        by contractual arrangements that bind the counterparty, providing security against inappropriate presentation
                        of the bank guarantees.

                        c) Liquidity risk

                        Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and available credit facilities to manage
                        the consolidated entity’s financial commitments. The group manages liquidity risk by continuously monitoring
                        forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities. Due to the
                        dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, the group aims at maintaining flexibility in funding by keeping
                        committed credit lines available.

                        At 30 June 2019 the group had undrawn committed facilities of $101,228,000 (2018 - $146,935,000) and cash
                        of $13,442,000 (2018 - $23,692,000) to cover short term funding requirements. Refer to 14(ii) for details.

                        i. Maturities of financial liabilities
                        The tables below analyse the group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the
                        remaining period at the reporting date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table for
                        non-interest bearing liabilities are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. For variable interest rate liabilities,
                        the cash flows have been estimated using interest rates applicable at the reporting date.

                                                                     Between 1 and 2   Between 2 and 5   Total contractual
                         Group – at 30         Less than 1 year                years             years          cash flows   Carrying amount
                         June 2019                        $’000                $’000             $’000               $’000              $’000
                         Non-derivatives
                         Non-interest                     31,262                   -                 -             31,262             31,262
                         bearing
                         Fixed rate                        9,941              16,925                               26,866             25,806
                         Variable rate                           -           125,479                 -            125,479            118,756
                         Derivatives                             -              230                31                 261                261
                         Total                            41,203             142,634               31             183,868            176,085
                        					

                         Group – at 30         Less than 1 year      Between 1 and 2   Between 2 and 5   Total contractual   Carrying amount
                         June 2018                        $’000          years $’000       years $’000   cash flows $’000               $’000
                         Non-derivatives
                         Non-interest                     47,600                   -                 -             47,600             47,600
                         bearing
                         Fixed rate                       39,000                   -                 -             39,000             38,454
                         Variable rate                           -                 -           147,297            147,297            132,826
                         Derivatives                         121                 63                  -                184                184
                         Total                            86,721                 63            147,297            234,081            219,064
                        					
                        d) Fair value measurement

                        This note provides information on the judgements and estimates made by the group in determining the fair
                        values of the financial instruments.

                        i. Fair value hierarchy
                        To provide an indication on the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the group classifies its
                        financial instruments into three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of each level
                        follows underneath the table.




                                                                                                                         2019 ANNUAL REPORT     83
  FINANCIAL RISKS
                         The following table presents the group’s financial liabilities measured and recognised at fair value at 30 June
                         2019 and 30 June 2018:



                                                                                     Level 1        Level 2        Level 3          Total
                          As at 30 June 2019                           Notes           $’000          $’000          $’000          $’000




For personal use only
                          Liabilities
                          Derivatives used for hedging                    15               -           261               -           261
                          Total liabilities                                                -           261               -           261


                                                                                     Level 1        Level 2        Level 3          Total
                          As at 30 June 2018                           Notes           $’000          $’000          $’000          $’000
                          Liabilities
                          Derivatives used for hedging                    15               -           184               -           184
                          Total liabilities                                                -           184               -           184



                         ii. Valuation techniques used to determine fair values
                         Level 1 – The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives)
                         is based on quoted (unadjusted) market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted market price
                         used for the financial assets held by the group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level
                         1.

                         Level 2 – The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (such as derivatives
                         provided by trading banks) is determined using market valuations provided by those banks at reporting date.
                         These instruments are included in level 2.

                         Level 3 – If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instruments is
                         included in level 3.




                    84   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Capital Management



                                                                                                                                                FINANCIAL RISKS
                        26. Capital management objectives and gearing
                        The consolidated entity’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going




For personal use only
                        concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to
                        maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

                        In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the group will consider a range of alternatives which may
                        include:

                        •     raising or reducing borrowings
                        •     adjusting the dividend policy
                        •     issue of new securities
                        •     return of capital to shareholders
                        •     sale of assets.

                        Gearing is a measure used to monitor the levels of debt used in the business to fund operations. The gearing
                        ratio is calculated as interest bearing bank debt net of cash and cash equivalents divided by shareholders’
                        equity. Gearing is managed by reference to a guideline which sets the desirable upper and lower limits for the
                        gearing ratio. The group’s gearing is then addressed by utilising capital management initiatives as discussed
                        above.

                        The gearing ratios were as follows:

                                                                                                                 2019               2018
                                                                                               Note             $’000              $’000

                            Total interest-bearing bank debt                                     14           118,756           132,826

                            Less: cash and cash equivalents                                       5           (13,442)          (23,692)

                            Net debt                                                                          105,314           109,134



                            Shareholders’ equity                                                              376,530           353,186

                            Gearing ratio                                                                       28.0%             30.9%
                        			
                        The group’s guideline is to target gearing generally within the range of 20-75% although periods where the
                        gearing is outside of this range are acceptable, depending upon the timetable for acquisition payments and
                        the construction and settlement of developments.

                        a) Loan Covenants

                        Under the terms of the major borrowing facilities, the group has complied with covenants throughout the
                        reporting period. Debt covenants are disclosed in note 14 and include requirements in relation to a maximum
                        loan to valuation ratio and a minimum interest cover ratio.




                                                                                                                     2019 ANNUAL REPORT    85
  FINANCIAL RISKS
                         27. Dividends
                         a) Ordinary shares

                                                                                                                      2019               2018
                                                                                                                     $’000              $’000




For personal use only
                              Fully franked based on tax paid at 30%

                              Final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2018 of 18.0 cents (2017 – 18.0
                              cents) per fully paid share

                              - Paid in cash                                                                        10,918             14,196

                              - Satisfied by shares under the dividend reinvestment plan                             2,970                   -

                              - Applied to the employee share loans                                                      4                  4

                              Interim dividend for the year ended 30 June 2019 of 18.0 cents (2018 – 12.0
                              cents) per fully paid share

                              - Paid in cash                                                                        14,417              5,677

                              - Satisfied by shares under the dividend reinvestment plan                                 -              3,502

                              - Applied to the employee share loans                                                      4                  3

                              Total                                                                                 28,313             23,382
                         		
                         b) Dividends not recognised at the year end

                         In addition to the above dividends, since year end the directors have recommended the payment of a final
                         dividend of 13.5 cents per fully paid ordinary share (2018 – 18.0 cents), fully franked based on the tax paid at
                         30%. The aggregate amount of the proposed dividend expected to be paid on 25 October 2019 out of retained
                         profits at 30 June 2019, but not recognised as a liability at year end is below:

                                                                                                                      2019               2018
                                                                                                                     $’000              $’000

                              Dividends not recognised at year end                                                  10,816             14,313
                         		
                         c) Franked Dividends
                         The franked portions of the final dividend proposed at 30 June 2019 will be franked from existing franking
                         credits or from franking credits arising from the payment of income tax in the next financial year.

                                                                                                                      2019               2018
                                                                                                                     $’000              $’000

                              Franking credits available for the subsequent financial year on a tax-paid            96,261             88,952
                              basis of 30% (2018 – 30%)
                         		
                         The above amounts represent the franking accounts at the end of the financial year, adjusted for:

                         i.      Franking credits that will arise from the payment of the current tax liability;

                         ii.     Franking debits that will arise from the payment of dividends recognised as a liability at the reporting date;

                         iii. Franking credits that will arise from the receipt of dividends recognised as receivables at the reporting
                         date.

                         The impact on the franking account of the dividend recommended by the directors since year end, but
                         not recognised as a liability at year end, will be a reduction in the franking account of $4,635,000 (2018 -
                         $6,134,000).




                    86   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Section C: Group Structure



                                                                                                                                            GROUP STRUCTURE
                        This section provides information which will help users understand how the group structure affects the
                        financial position and performance of the group as a whole.




For personal use only
                        28.   Subsidiaries                                   88

                        29.   Interests in joint arrangements                89

                        30.   Deed of cross guarantee                        90

                        31.   Parent entity financial information            92




                                                                                                                  2019 ANNUAL REPORT   87
                         Group Structure



  GROUP STRUCTURE
                         28. Subsidiaries
                         The group’s operating subsidiaries at 30 June 2019 are set out below. Unless otherwise stated, they have




For personal use only
                         share capital consisting solely of ordinary shares or units that are held directly by the group and the proportion
                         of ownership interest held equals the voting rights held by the group. The subsidiaries are incorporated or
                         established in Australia.

                         The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results in accordance with the
                         accounting policy described in note 38(b).

                          Company                                                      Notes                         Equity Holding
                                                                                                              2019                    2018
                          BCM Apartment Trust                                              a.                  50%                    50%
                          Champion Bay Nominees Pty Ltd                                    b.                  50%                    50%
                          Cedar Woods Properties Finance Pty Ltd                                             100%                     100%
                          Cedar Woods Properties Harrisdale Pty Ltd                                          100%                     100%
                          Cedar Woods Properties Investments Pty Ltd                                         100%                     100%
                          Cedar Woods Properties Management Pty Ltd                                          100%                     100%
                          Cedar Woods Property Sales Pty Ltd                                                 100%                     100%
                          Cranford Pty Ltd                                                                   100%                     100%
                          Daleford Property Pty Ltd                                                          100%                     100%
                          Dunland Property Pty Ltd                                                           100%                     100%
                          Esplanade (Mandurah) Pty Ltd                                                       100%                     100%
                          Eucalypt Property Pty Ltd                                                          100%                     100%
                          Flametree Property Pty Ltd                                                         100%                     100%
                          Galaway Holdings Pty Ltd                                                           100%                     100%
                          Gaythorne Pty Ltd                                                                  100%                     100%
                          Geographe Property Pty Ltd                                                         100%                     100%
                          Huntsman Property Pty Ltd                                                          100%                     100%
                          Jarrah Property Pty Ltd                                                            100%                     100%
                          Kayea Property Pty Ltd                                                             100%                     100%
                          Lonnegal Property Pty Ltd                                                           100%                    100%
                          Osprey Property Pty Ltd                                                             100%                    100%
                          Silhouette Property Pty Ltd                                                         100%                    100%
                          Terra Property Pty Ltd                                                              100%                    100%
                          Upside Property Pty Ltd                                                             100%                    100%
                          Vintage Property Pty Ltd                                                            100%                    100%
                          Williams Landing Home Improvement Pty Ltd                                           100%                    100%
                          Williams Landing Home Improvement Trust                                             100%                    100%
                          Williams Landing Shopping Centre Pty Ltd                                            100%                    100%
                          Williams Landing Shopping Centre Trust                                              100%                    100%
                          Williams Landing Town Centre Pty Ltd                                                100%                    100%
                          Woodbrooke Property Pty Ltd                                                         100%                    100%
                          Yonder Property Pty Ltd                                                             100%                    100%
                          Zamia Property Pty Ltd                                                              100%                    100%

                         a. The forecast profits of BCM Apartment Trust not expected to be sufficient to make a return to the other
                             ordinary unit holder that ranks behind the consolidated entity for trust distributions. Accordingly, the
                             consolidated entity has not recognised a non-controlling interest.

                         b. The net assets of Champion Bay Nominees Pty Ltd are not material to the consolidated entity.



                    88   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                          GROUP STRUCTURE
                        29. Interests in joint arrangements
                        Set out below are the joint ventures of the group as at 30 June 2019. The principal place of business and
                        country of incorporation (or origin) is Australia for all entities.

                                                                % of
                                                          ownership          Nature of    Measurement       Carrying




For personal use only
                         Name of entity                     interest      relationship         method        amount
                                                                2019             2018                                        2019            2018
                                                                  %                %                                        $’000           $’000
                         Cedar Woods Wellard                       32.5           32.5    Joint Venture       Equity            2725        3,028
                         Limited                                                                             method


                        The carrying amount represents the amount attributable to the group.

                        Cedar Woods Wellard Limited is developing the Emerald Park residential estate at Wellard, WA.

                        (i) Commitments and contingent liabilities in respect of the joint ventures

                        Cedar Woods Wellard Limited has no commitments for expenditure at 30 June 2019 (2018: nil) and has
                        no contingent liabilities (2018: nil) to various local authorities supporting development and maintenance
                        commitments.

                        (ii) Summarised financial information for joint ventures

                        The following table provides summarised financial information for those joint ventures that are material to the
                        group. The information disclosed reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of the relevant
                        joint ventures and not Cedar Woods’ share of those amounts.

                                                                                                                         2019                2018
                         Cedar Woods Wellard Limited                                                                    $’000               $’000
                         Current assets
                         Cash                                                                                           1,599               1,019
                         Other current assets                                                                           4,200               2,875
                         Total current assets                                                                           5,799               3,894
                         Total non-current assets                                                                       4,803               7,685
                         Total assets                                                                                  10,601              11,579
                         Total current liabilities                                                                       229                 275
                         Total Non-current liabilities                                                                      -                   -
                         Total liabilities                                                                               229                 275
                         Net assets                                                                                    10,372              11,304
                         Group’s share in %                                                                            32.5%               32.5%
                         Group’s share in $                                                                             3,371               3,674
                        		
                        (iii) Movements in carrying amounts – Cedar Woods Wellard Limited

                                                                                                                         2019                2018
                                                                                                                        $’000               $’000
                         At start of the year                                                                           3,028               4,125
                         Share of profit (loss) after income tax                                                          22                (122)
                         Capital return                                                                                 (325)               (975)
                         At end of the year                                                                             2,725               3,028
                         Share of profit (loss) before income tax                                                         22                 (52)
                         Income tax expense                                                                                 -                (70)
                         Share of profit (loss) after income tax                                                          22                (122)
                         Share of joint venture’s revenue, assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities
                         Revenue                                                                                        1,042               1,324
                         Assets                                                                                         3,445               3,763
                         Liabilities                                                                                     (74)                (89)
                         Contingent liabilities (bank guarantees)                                                           -                   -



                                                                                                                                2019 ANNUAL REPORT   89
  GROUP STRUCTURE
                         		
                         The consolidated entity owns a 32.5% (2018 – 32.5%) interest in Cedar Woods Wellard Limited, a property
                         development company incorporated in Australia.

                         The directors have determined that they do not control Cedar Woods Wellard Limited as no one investor can
                         direct the activities without the co-operation of the others.




For personal use only
                         30. Deed of Cross Guarantee
                         Cedar Woods Properties Limited and all subsidiaries listed at note 28 except for Champion Bay Nominees
                         Pty Ltd and the BCM Apartment Trust are parties to a deed of cross guarantee under which each company
                         guarantees the debts of the others. By entering the deed, the wholly-owned entities have been relieved from
                         the requirement to prepare a financial report and directors’ report under ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned
                         Companies) Instrument 2016/785.

                         The companies referred to above as parties to the deed of cross guarantee represent a ‘closed group’ for
                         the purposes of the instrument, and as there are no other parties to the deed of cross guarantee that are
                         controlled by Cedar Woods Properties Limited, they also represent the ‘extended closed group’.

                         Set out below is a consolidated statement of profit or loss and comprehensive income, summary of
                         movements in consolidated retained earnings and consolidated balance sheet for the closed group.
                         a) Consolidated statement of profit or loss and comprehensive income, and summary of movements in
                             consolidated retained earnings

                                                                                                                                 2019
                                                                                                                                $’000

                          Revenue from continuing operations                                                                  367,593

                          Other Income                                                                                               819

                          Cost of sales of land and buildings                                                                (246,851)

                          Cost of providing development services                                                               (6,433)

                          Other expenses from ordinary activities:                                                            (44,725)

                          Finance costs                                                                                        (3,072)

                          Share of net profit of joint ventures accounted for using the equity method                                 22

                          Profit before income tax                                                                             67,353

                          Income tax expense                                                                                  (20,298)

                          Profit for the year                                                                                  47,055

                          Total comprehensive income for the year                                                              47,055



                         b) Summary of movements in consolidated retained earnings

                                                                                                                                 2019
                                                                                                                                $’000

                          Retained earnings at the beginning of the financial year                                            228,595

                          Profit for the period                                                                                47,055

                          Transfers from reserves                                                                                     67

                          Dividends provided for or paid                                                                      (28,313)

                          Retained earnings at the end of the financial year                                                  247,404




                    90   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                       GROUP STRUCTURE
                        c) Consolidated balance sheet

                                                                                          2019
                                                                                         $’000
                         ASSETS
                         Current assets




For personal use only
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                      13,277
                         Trade and other receivables                                     9,836
                         Inventories                                                   141,892
                         Deferred development costs                                      2,921
                         Total current assets                                          167,926


                         Non-current assets
                         Receivables                                                        2
                         Inventories                                                   337,065
                         Deferred development costs                                      8,317
                         Investments accounted for using the equity method               2,725
                         Property, plant and equipment                                   9,640
                         Investment properties                                          41,642
                         Lease incentives                                                1,224
                         Total non-current assets                                      400,614
                         Total assets                                                  568,540


                         LIABILITIES
                         Current liabilities
                         Trade and other payables                                       30,811
                         Derivative financial instruments                                 230
                         Other financial liabilities                                     8,957
                         Current tax liabilities                                         3,822
                         Provisions                                                      9,907
                         Total current liabilities                                      53,727


                         Non-current liabilities
                         Borrowings                                                    118,756
                         Derivative financial instruments                                  31
                         Other financial liabilities                                    16,849
                         Provisions                                                       125
                         Deferred tax liabilities                                        5,242
                         Total non-current liabilities                                 141,003
                         Total liabilities                                             194,730
                         Net assets                                                    373,810


                         EQUITY
                         Contributed equity                                            125,979
                         Reserves                                                         427
                         Retained profits                                              247,404
                         Total equity                                                  373,810




                                                                             2019 ANNUAL REPORT   91
  GROUP STRUCTURE
                         31. Parent Entity Financial Information
                         The financial information for the parent entity, Cedar Woods, has been prepared on the same basis as the
                         consolidated financial statements, except as detailed in notes (i) and (ii) below.

                         The individual financial statements for the parent entity show the following aggregate amounts:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                2019               2018
                                                                                                               $’000               $’000

                          Balance sheet

                          Current assets                                                                      56,728              69,854

                          Total assets                                                                       398,901            452,073

                          Current liabilities                                                                (49,050)           (92,930)

                          Total liabilities                                                                (138,991)           (196,836)

                          Net assets                                                                         259,910            255,237

                          Shareholders’ equity

                          Issued capital                                                                     125,979            123,018

                          Reserves                                                                               379                393

                          Retained earnings                                                                  133,552            131,826

                                                                                                             259,910            255,237

                          Profit for the year                                                                 23,643              28,876

                          Total comprehensive income                                                          23,643              28,876


                         i. Investments in subsidiaries and joint venture entities
                         Investments in subsidiaries and joint venture entities are accounted for at cost in the financial statements of
                         Cedar Woods. Such investments include both investments in shares issued by the subsidiary and other parent
                         entity interests that in substance form part of the parent entity’s investment in the subsidiary. These include
                         investments in the form of interest free loans which have no fixed repayment terms and which have been
                         provided to subsidiaries as an additional source of long term capital. Dividends received from joint ventures
                         are recognised in the parent entity’s profit or loss, rather than being deducted from the carrying amount of
                         these investments.

                         ii. Tax consolidation legislation
                         Cedar Woods and its wholly owned Australian controlled entities have implemented the tax consolidation
                         legislation.

                         The head entity, Cedar Woods, and the controlled entities in the tax-consolidated group account for their
                         own current and deferred tax amounts. These tax amounts are measured as if each entity in the tax-
                         consolidated group continues to be a standalone taxpayer in its own right. In addition to its own current and
                         deferred tax amounts, Cedar Woods also recognises the current tax liabilities (or assets) and the deferred tax
                         assets arising from unused tax losses and unused tax credits assumed from controlled entities in the tax-
                         consolidated group.

                         The entities have also entered into a tax funding agreement under which the 100% subsidiaries fully
                         compensate the parent for any current tax payable assumed and are compensated by the parent for any
                         current tax receivable and deferred tax assets relating to unused tax losses that are transferred to the parent
                         under the tax consolidation legislation. The funding amounts are determined by reference to the amounts
                         recognised in the 100% subsidiaries’ financial statements.

                         The amounts receivable/payable under the tax funding agreement are due upon receipt of the funding advice
                         from the head entity when it is issued. The head entity may require payment of interim funding amounts to
                         assist with its obligations to pay tax instalments.

                         Assets or liabilities arising under tax funding agreements with the tax consolidated entities are recognised as
                         current amounts receivable from or payable to other entities in the group.




                    92   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Section D: Unrecognised Items




                                                                                                                                              UNRECOGNISED ITEMS
                        This section of the notes provides information about items that are not recognised in the financial statements
                        as they do not satisfy the recognition criteria.




For personal use only
                        32. Contingent Liabilities                            94

                        33. Commitments                                       94

                        34. Events occurring after the reporting period       94




                                                                                                                   2019 ANNUAL REPORT    93
                            Unrecognised Items




  UNRECOGNISED ITEMS
                            32. Contingent liabilities
                            a) Bank guarantees




For personal use only
                            At 30 June 2019 bank guarantees totalling $14,779,000 (2018 - $16,941,000) had been provided to various
                            state and local authorities supporting development and maintenance commitments.

                            b) Claims

                            Cedar Woods has initiated legal proceedings to recover damages from a contractor in relation to civil and
                            electrical works in 2016 and 2017 at the St. A project in Victoria. In response the contractor has lodged a
                            counterclaim for unspecified damages against Cedar Woods. It is not practical to estimate the potential effect
                            of the counterclaim but legal advice indicates the merits of the counterclaim are not strong and that it is not
                            probable that a significant liability will arise.

                            33. Commitments
                            a) Non-cancellable operating leases

                            Commitments for minimum lease payments in relation to non-cancellable operating leases contracted for at
                            the reporting date but not recognised as liabilities are payable as follows:



                                                                                                                  2019                     2018
                                                                                                                 $’000                    $’000

                                Within 1 year                                                                     936                       745

                                Later than 1 year but not later than                                             2,287                    1,099
                                5 years

                                                                                                                 3,222                    1,844

                            The group leases various offices under non-cancellable operating leases expiring within 5 years. The
                            leases have varying terms, escalation clauses and renewal rights. On renewal, the terms of the leases are
                            renegotiated.

                            b) Capital commitments

                            At 30 June 2019 the consolidated entity had commitments under civil works, building construction and
                            landscaping construction for development of its projects in the ordinary course of business. The total amount
                            contracted for work yet to be completed for civil works was $11,994,000 (2018 - $5,597,000), for building
                            construction was $92,381,000 (2018 - $103,331,000) and for landscaping construction was $2,425,000 (2018
                            - $6,426,000). This work will be substantially completed in the next 12 months.

                            34. Events occurring after the reporting period
                            In July 2019 the company completed the annual review of its corporate finance facility resulting in an
                            18-month extension and modified terms. The changes include the introduction of a third lender to the $205
                            million facility as well as longer facility tenure, with the previous three year facility now comprising a mix of
                            three year and five year debt. The updated terms include:

                            •     Extension of an additional year for approximately 80% ($165 million) of the facility to June 2022;
                            •     Facility term extended to five years for approximately 20% ($40 million) of the total facility to June 2024;
                                  and
                            •     Tailoring the facility terms to suit the Company’s current and future requirements.

                            The improved terms will assist in providing funding for the ongoing growth of the company’s national portfolio.

                            In August 2019 the company completed due diligence and went unconditional on its contract to acquire 133
                            Salvado Road, Subiaco, a 1.4 hectare former TAFE site located 4.7km from Perth. The $15.05m (plus GST)
                            acquisition will settle in July 2020.




                       94   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Section E: Further Information




                                                                                                                                               F U RT H E R I N F O R M AT I O N
                        Section E contains information that is not immediately related to individual line items in the financial
                        statements, such as related party transactions, share based payments and a full list of the accounting policies
                        applied by the entity.




For personal use only
                        35. Related Party Transactions                       96

                        36. Remuneration of Auditors                         97

                        37. Employee Share Scheme                            98

                        38. Summary of Accounting Policies                   96

                        39. Changes in Accounting Policies                  105

                        40. Segment Information                             106




                                                                                                                   2019 ANNUAL REPORT     95
  F U RT H E R I N F O R M AT I O N
                                           35. Related Party Transactions
                                           a) Key management personnel compensation

                                           Additional disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in the Directors’ Report.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                   2019              2018
                                                                                                                                      $                 $

                                            Short-term employee benefits                                                      2,561,165          3,067,325

                                            Post-employment benefits                                                            154,052           181,388

                                            Long-term employee benefits                                                          16,553           245,255

                                            Termination benefit                                                                       -            74,523

                                                                                                                              2,731,770          3,568,491
                                           		
                                           At 30 June 2019, an amount of $Nil (2018 - $5,365) was outstanding on a loan to a key management
                                           personnel employee issued under the former employee share plan. Under the now discontinued plan, certain
                                           employees were granted shares funded by interest free loans from the company and with the loans repaid by
                                           dividends.

                                           b) Group

                                           The group consists of Cedar Woods Properties Limited and its controlled entities. A list of these entities and
                                           the ownership interests held by the parent entity are set out in note 28.

                                           c) Parent entity

                                           The parent entity within the group is Cedar Woods Properties Limited.

                                           d) Transactions with other related parties

                                           Cedar Woods Properties Management Pty Ltd and Cedar Woods Property Sales derived management and
                                           selling fees totalling $284,427 (2018 - $378,896) from Cedar Woods Wellard Limited.

                                           During the year planning, architectural and consulting services were provided by Hames Sharley Architects
                                           of which Mr W G Hames is a principal. The transactions were performed on normal commercial terms and
                                           conditions and fees paid were consistent with market rates. The value of services provided was lower than in the
                                           previous year as a result of the timing of architectural and design work performed on the Williams Landing Town
                                           Centre and the Glenside project in Adelaide. The Glenside project was introduced to the company by Hames
                                           Sharley.

                                           During the year creative design services were provided by Axiom Design, an entity associated with the family
                                           of Mr W G Hames. Mr Hames has no beneficial interest in Axiom Design. The services were performed on
                                           normal commercial terms and conditions.

                                           Property settlement charges were paid to Westland Settlement Services Pty Ltd, a company associated with the
                                           family of Mr R S Brown. The charges were based on normal commercial terms and conditions. At the estates
                                           where Westland Settlement Services was engaged, the number of lots that settled in FY2019 was similar to that
                                           of the previous year and as a result the value of transactions with Westland Settlement Services Pty Ltd is also
                                           similar.

                                           Cedar Woods has for many years been a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors (AICD). Mr
                                           P S Sadleir (former Managing Director) was a council member of AICD WA. The annual subscription paid in
                                           2018 was based on normal commercial terms and conditions.

                                           In 2019 and 2018 a payment was made for sponsorship of the Property Education Foundation Inc. of which
                                           Mr R Packer is a trustee with no beneficial interest. The transaction was based on normal commercial terms
                                           and conditions.




                                      96   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                 F U RT H E R I N F O R M AT I O N
                        Aggregate amounts of each of the above types of other transactions with key management personnel of
                        Cedar Woods or their related entities:

                                                                                                            2019                   2018
                                                                                                               $                      $

                         Amounts recognised as expense




For personal use only
                         Creative design services                                                          30,908                 26,240

                         Settlement fees                                                                 189,616                 181,985

                         Subscriptions                                                                          -                 10,000

                         Sponsorships                                                                       3,182                  3,182

                                                                                                         223,706                 221,407

                         Amounts recognised as inventory/ investment property

                         Architectural fees                                                              221,993                 578,016

                                                                                                         221,993                 578,016

                         Total amounts recognised in year                                                445,699                 799,423

                         Aggregate amounts of assets at balance date relating to the above
                         types of other transactions with directors of Cedar Woods or their
                         related entities:

                         Inventory                                                                       219,718                 571,316

                         Investment property                                                                2,275                  6,700

                                                                                                         221,993                 578,016
                        		
                        There are no aggregate amounts payable to directors of Cedar Woods at balance date. There are no amounts
                        payable to related entities at balance date relating to the above types of other transactions.

                        e) Terms and conditions

                        Management and selling fees are derived according to management agreements in place between the parties.
                        These are based on normal terms and conditions, at market rates at the time of entering into the agreements.

                        f) Outstanding balances arising from sales/purchases of goods and services

                        There were no balances outstanding at the end of the reporting period in relation to transactions with related
                        parties (2018 – Nil).

                        36. Remuneration of Auditors
                        During the year the following fees were paid or payable to the auditor of the parent entity:

                         PricewaterhouseCoopers – Australian firm                                                   2019           2018
                                                                                                                       $              $

                         Assurance services

                         - Audit and review of the financial statements                                        215,457          243,680

                         Non-audit services

                         - Taxation advice and reviews                                                          48,960           27,540

                         - Accounting advice                                                                    10,896                 -

                         Total fees for non-audit services                                                      59,856           27,540

                         Total assurance and non-audit services                                                275,313          271,220




                                                                                                                       2019 ANNUAL REPORT   97
  F U RT H E R I N F O R M AT I O N
                                           37. Employee Share Scheme
                                           The current Long Term Incentive (LTI) plans effective from 1 July 2016 for FY2017, from 1 July 2017 for
                                           FY2018 and from 1 July 2018 for FY2019 will continue in FY2020.

                                           The current LTI plan has two vesting conditions a) a 3 year service condition and b) two performance
                                           conditions measured over a 3 year period: 50 per cent of the LTI grant will be tested against a relative total




For personal use only
                                           shareholder return (“TSR”) hurdle (measured against the S&P / ASX Small Industrials Index) and 50 per cent
                                           against earnings per share (“EPS”) growth targets, set in the context of the Corporate plan.

                                           Full details of the operation of the current LTI plan are set out in the remuneration report on pages 36 to 38 of
                                           this annual report.

                                           38. Summary of Accounting Policies
                                           The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are
                                           set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise
                                           stated. Where necessary, comparative information is reclassified and restated for consistency with current
                                           period disclosures. The financial statements are for the consolidated entity consisting of Cedar Woods and its
                                           subsidiaries.

                                           a) Basis of preparation

                                           These general purpose financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting
                                           Standards and Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board and the Corporations Act
                                           2001. Cedar Woods is a for-profit entity for the purpose of preparing the financial statements.

                                           i. Compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
                                           The financial statements of the Cedar Woods group also comply with IFRS as issued by the International
                                           Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

                                           ii. Historical cost convention
                                           These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by the
                                           revaluation of available-for-sale financial assets and derivative financial instruments.

                                           iii. New and amended standards adopted by the group
                                           A number of new or amended standards became applicable in the current reporting period and the group had
                                           to change its accounting policies as a result of adopting the following standards:

                                           •     AASB 9 Financial Instruments
                                           •     AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers

                                           The impact of the adoption of these standards and the new accounting policies are disclosed in Note 39.

                                           iv. New standards and interpretations not yet adopted
                                           Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for 30
                                           June 2019 reporting periods and have not been early adopted by the group. The group’s assessment of the
                                           impact of these new standards and interpretations is set out below.

                                               Title of      AASB 16 Leases
                                               Standard

                                               Nature of     AASB 16 was issued in February 2016. For lessees, it will result in almost all leases being recognised
                                               change        on the balance sheet, as the distinction between operating and finance leases is removed. Under the
                                                             new standard, an asset (the right to use the leased item) and a financial liability to pay rentals are
                                                             recognised. The only exceptions are short-term and low-value leases.
                                                             The accounting for lessors will not significantly change.




                                      98   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                             F U RT H E R I N F O R M AT I O N
                         Title of         AASB 16 Leases
                         Standard         (continued)

                         Impact           The group has reviewed all of the group’s leasing arrangements in light of the new lease accounting
                                          rules in AASB 16. The standard will affect primarily the accounting for the group’s operating leases.
                                          As at the reporting date, the group has non-cancellable operating lease commitments of $3,222,000,




For personal use only
                                          see note 33. Of these commitments, approximately $27,000 relate to short-term leases which will be
                                          recognised on a straight-line basis as expense in profit or loss.
                                          For the remaining lease commitments, the group expects to recognise right-of-use assets of
                                          approximately $2,792,000 on 1 July 2019, lease liabilities of $2,984,000 (after adjustments for
                                          prepayments and accrued lease payments recognised as at 30 June 2019) and deferred tax assets
                                          of $57,000. Overall net assets will be approximately $134,000 lower, and net current assets will be
                                          $771,000 lower due to the presentation of a portion of the liability as a current liability.
                                          The group expects that net profit after tax will decrease by approximately $136,000 for FY2020 as a
                                          result of adopting the new rules. Adjusted EBIT is expected to increase by approximately $98,000 as
                                          the operating lease payments were included in EBIT, but the interest on the lease liability is excluded
                                          from this measure.
                                          Operating cash flows will increase and financing cash flows decrease by approximately $98,000 as
                                          repayment of the principal portion of the lease liabilities will be classified as cash flows from financing
                                          activities.
                                          The group’s activities as a lessor are not material and hence the group does not expect any significant
                                          impact on the financial statements. However, some additional disclosures will be required from next
                                          year.


                         Mandatory        The group will apply the standard from its mandatory adoption date of 1 July 2019. The group intends
                         application      to apply the simplified transition approach and will not restate comparative amounts for the year prior
                         date/ Date of    to first adoption. Right-of-use assets will be measured on transition as if the new rules had always
                         adoption by      been applied.
                         group

                        There are no other standards that are not yet effective and that are expected to have a material impact on the
                        consolidated entity in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.

                        v. Functional and presentation currency
                        The consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is the functional and
                        presentation currency of Cedar Woods.


                        b) Principles of consolidation

                        i. Subsidiaries
                        The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all entities controlled by Cedar
                        Woods (parent) as at 30 June 2019 and the results of all subsidiaries for the year then ended. Cedar Woods
                        and its subsidiaries together are referred to in these financial statements as the consolidated entity or the
                        group.

                        Subsidiaries are those entities over which the parent has the power to govern the financial and operating
                        policies, generally accompanying a shareholding of one-half or more of the voting rights.

                        The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations by the group. Subsidiaries
                        are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the parent. They are de-consolidated
                        from the date that control ceases.

                        All inter-company balances and transactions between companies within the consolidated entity are eliminated
                        upon consolidation.

                        ii. Joint arrangements
                        Joint arrangements – Under AASB 11 Joint Arrangements, investments in joint arrangements are classified as
                        either joint operations or joint ventures. The classification depends on the contractual rights and obligations of
                        each investor, rather than the legal structure of the joint arrangement.




                                                                                                                                 2019 ANNUAL REPORT     99
  F U RT H E R I N F O R M AT I O N
                                            Joint operations - The consolidated entity recognises its direct right to assets, liabilities, revenues and
                                            expenses of joint operations, which have been incorporated in the financial statements under the appropriate
                                            headings.

                                            Joint ventures - Interest in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method (see below), after initially
                                            being recognised at cost in the consolidated balance sheet. Details of the joint ventures are set out in note 28.




For personal use only
                                            iii.   Equity method
                                            Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter
                                            to recognise the group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in profit or loss, and the
                                            group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income.

                                            c) Segment reporting

                                            Management has determined the operating segment based on the reports reviewed by the Managing Director
                                            that are used to make strategic decisions. The Managing Director has been identified as the chief operating
                                            decision maker.

                                            d) Business combinations

                                            The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations. Cost is measured as
                                            the fair value of the assets given, or liabilities undertaken at the date of acquisition. Acquisition related costs
                                            are expensed as incurred.

                                            Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are
                                            discounted to their present values at the date of acquisition. The discount rate used is the incremental
                                            borrowing rate applied by the consolidated entity’s financiers for a similar borrowing under comparable terms
                                            and conditions.

                                            e) Revenue recognition

                                            i. Sale of land and buildings
                                            Revenue arising from the sale of land and buildings is recognised when control over the property has been
                                            transferred to the customer. In most of the group’s contracts this is the point in time at which legal title passes
                                            to the customer.

                                            The revenue is measured at the transaction price agreed under the contract, with revenue relating to
                                            customer rebates recognised separately where applicable.

                                            ii. Sale of land and buildings – customer rebates
                                            Certain contracts for the sale of land and buildings include an obligation of the group to provide goods,
                                            services, or payments to the customer, subject to certain performance conditions. These contracts provide a
                                            right to customers that forms a separate performance obligation.

                                            The transaction price is allocated to the performance obligations on a relative stand-alone selling basis.
                                            Management estimates the stand-alone selling prices at the point in time that legal title passes to the
                                            customer based on the contract value, and observable market prices of similar services.

                                            The likelihood of redemption of each customer rebate is estimated at the time of transfer of legal title. If the
                                            performance conditions of the customer are not met within the terms of the contract, the obligation expires,
                                            and the group recognises the revenue attributable to the performance obligation without delivery of the goods,
                                            services or payment

                                            iii. Development services
                                            Revenue from development services is recognised at a point in time where the group has satisfied contractual
                                            performance obligations and control over the output has passed to the customer. In most instances this
                                            coincides with the transfer of legal title of the developed land or building.

                                            iv. Lease income
                                            Income from operating leases is recognised over time on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.




                                      100   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                  F U RT H E R I N F O R M AT I O N
                        f) Income tax

                        The income tax expense or revenue for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income
                        based on the income tax rate in Australia adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable
                        to temporary differences and to unused tax losses, if any.

                        The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantially enacted at




For personal use only
                        the end of the reporting period.

                        Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between
                        the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.
                        Deferred income tax is determined using the tax rates expected to apply when the assets are recovered or
                        liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates which are enacted or substantively enacted.

                        Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is
                        probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.

                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
                        assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority.

                        Cedar Woods and its wholly owned Australian controlled entities have implemented the tax consolidation
                        legislation. As a consequence, these entities are taxed as a single entity and the deferred tax assets and
                        liabilities of these entities are set off in the consolidated financial statements.

                        Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit and loss, except to the extent that it relates to items
                        recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in
                        other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

                        g) Cash and cash equivalents

                        For cash flow statement presentation purposes, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, and
                        deposits at call which are readily convertible to cash on hand and are subject to an insignificant risk of
                        changes in value. Bank overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities on the balance sheet.

                        h) Trade and other receivables

                        Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary
                        course of business. Other receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments
                        and are not quoted in an active market. If collection of the amounts is expected in one year or less they are
                        classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets. Trade receivables are generally
                        due for settlement within 30 days and therefore are all classified as current.

                        For trade receivables, the group applies the simplified approach permitted by AASB9, which requires
                        expected lifetime credit losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables. To measure the
                        lifetime expected credit loss for rental debtors, a provision is raised against each debtor based upon the
                        payment profile over the last 12 months, adjusted for current and forward-looking information supporting the
                        expected settlement of the receivable.

                        i)   Inventories

                        i. Property held for development and resale
                        Since 1 July 1992, property purchased for development and sale is valued at the lower of cost and net
                        realisable value. Cost includes acquisition and subsequent development costs, and applicable borrowing
                        costs incurred during development. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course
                        of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. All
                        property held for development and sale is regarded as inventory and is classified as such in the balance
                        sheet. Property is classified as current inventory only when sales are expected to result in realisation of cash
                        within the next twelve months, based on management’s sales forecasts. Borrowing costs incurred prior to
                        active development and after development is completed, are expensed as incurred.

                        Prior to 1 July 1992 the consolidated entity’s land assets were classified on acquisition as non-current
                        investments and initially recorded at cost with regular independent valuations being undertaken. Increments
                        or decrements were reflected in the balance sheet and also recognised in equity. The balance of this land is
                        stated at 1992 valuation, which is its deemed cost. The amount remaining in the Asset Revaluation Reserve
                        represents the balance of the net revaluation increment for land revalued prior to 1 July 1992 which is now




                                                                                                                       2019 ANNUAL REPORT   101
  F U RT H E R I N F O R M AT I O N
                                            classified as inventory and which is still held by the consolidated entity. When revalued assets are sold, it is
                                            policy to transfer any amounts included in reserves in respect of those assets to retained earnings.

                                            The acquisition of land is recognised when an unconditional purchase contract exists.

                                            When property is sold, the cost of the land and attributable development costs, including borrowing costs, is
                                            expensed through cost of sales.




For personal use only
                                            j)   Deferred development costs

                                            Development costs incurred by the group for the development of land not held as an asset by the group are
                                            recorded as deferred development costs in the balance sheet. They are included in current assets, except for
                                            those which are not expected to be reimbursed within 12 months of the reporting period, which are classified
                                            as non-current assets. In instances when the deferred development costs are reimbursed by the land owner,
                                            they are expensed in the profit or loss.

                                            k) Assets classified as held for sale

                                            Non-current assets are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through
                                            a sale transaction rather than through continuing use and a sale is considered highly probable. They are
                                            measured at the lower of carrying amount and fair value, less costs to sell.

                                            An impairment loss is recognised for any initial or subsequent write-down of the asset (or disposal) to fair
                                            value less costs to sell. A gain is recognised for any subsequent increase in fair value less costs to sell of an
                                            asset (or disposal), but not in excess of any cumulative impairment loss previously recognised. A gain or loss
                                            not previously recognised by the date of the sale of the non-current asset (or disposal) is recognised at the
                                            date of derecognition.

                                            Non-current assets are not depreciated or amortised while they are classified as held for sale. Non-current
                                            assets classified as held for sale are presented separately from the other assets in the balance sheet.

                                            l)   Property, plant and equipment

                                            Property, plant and equipment is substantially made up of furniture, fittings and equipment and is stated at
                                            historical cost less depreciation. Depreciation is calculated on a straight line or diminishing value basis to write
                                            off the net cost of each item of property, plant and equipment, including leased equipment, over its expected
                                            useful life to the consolidated entity. The expected useful lives of items of property, plant and equipment and
                                            the depreciation methods used are:

                                            •    Plant and equipment – 3 to 15 years (straight line and diminishing value methods)

                                            The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed for impairment and adjusted if appropriate, at each
                                            reporting date.

                                            Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount. These are
                                            included in the profit or loss.

                                            m)     Investments and other financial assets

                                            i. Classification
                                            From 1 July 2018, the group classifies its financial assets in the following categories:

                                            •    those to be measured at fair value through profit or loss; and
                                            •    those to be measured at amortised cost.

                                            The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                                            contractual terms of the cash flows.

                                            For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will be recorded in profit or loss.

                                            ii. Measurement
                                            At initial recognition, the group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset
                                            not at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL), transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition
                                            of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.




                                      102   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                      F U RT H E R I N F O R M AT I O N
                        iii. Impairment
                        From 1 July 2018, the group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with
                        its financial assets carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there
                        has been a significant increase in credit risk.

                        n) Investment property




For personal use only
                        Investment property, principally comprising retail property, is held for long term rental yields and is not
                        occupied by the consolidated entity. Investment property includes properties under construction for future
                        use as investment property and is stated at historical cost less depreciation. Depreciation is calculated on a
                        straight line basis to write off the net cost of each investment over its expected useful life to the consolidated
                        entity. The expected useful life of investment property buildings is 40 years.

                        When the company elects to dispose of investment property, it is presented as assets classified as held for sale
                        in the balance sheet where it meets the relevant criteria. Net gains or losses on sale are disclosed in the profit or
                        loss.

                        o) Lease incentives

                        Lease incentives provided under an operating lease by the group as lessor are recognised on a straight line
                        basis against rental income over the lease period.

                        p) Impairment of assets

                        Assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
                        amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s
                        carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of an asset is the higher of its fair
                        value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped
                        at the lowest level for which there are separately identifiable cash generating units, which is generally the
                        project level. Assets that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the
                        end of each reporting period.

                        q) Trade and other payables

                        These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the consolidated entity prior to the end
                        of the financial year and which are unpaid. These amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 to 60
                        days of recognition.

                        r) Leases

                        Leases of property, plant and equipment in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership
                        are not transferred to the consolidated entity as lessee are classified as operating leases. Operating lease
                        payments are charged to the profit or loss in the periods in which they are incurred as this represents the
                        pattern of benefit derived from the leased assets.

                        Lease income from operating leases where the group is a lessor is recognised in income on a straight line
                        basis over the lease term. The respective leased assets are included in the balance sheet as investment
                        properties.
                        s) Borrowings and borrowing costs

                        Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
                        subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
                        and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective
                        interest method.

                        Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent
                        that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case the fee is deferred until the
                        commencement of the facility when draw down occurs.

                        Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged,
                        cancelled or expired. Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the group has an unconditional
                        right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.




                                                                                                                        2019 ANNUAL REPORT      103
  F U RT H E R I N F O R M AT I O N
                                            Borrowing costs are recognised as expenses in the period in which they are incurred, except where they are
                                            included in the costs of qualifying assets during the period when the asset is being prepared for its intended
                                            use or sale.

                                            t) Derivatives

                                            Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are




For personal use only
                                            subsequently remeasured to their fair value at each reporting date. Changes to fair value are taken to profit or
                                            loss and are included in other income or expenses.

                                            u) Provisions for customer rebates

                                            Provision is made for the estimated liability arising from obligations in existence at balance date to customers
                                            for the provision of landscaping and fencing rebates and other incentives, to which customers are generally
                                            entitled within 12 months of balance date.

                                            v) Other financial liabilities

                                            Other financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are financial liabilities due to vendors of properties
                                            under contracts of sale and other payables. Liabilities in this category are classified as current liabilities if they
                                            are expected to be settled within 12 months, otherwise they are classified as non-current.

                                            w) Employee benefits

                                            i. Short term obligations
                                            Liabilities for wages and salaries, bonuses and annual leave expected to be settled within 12 months of the
                                            reporting date are recognised in other payables in respect of employees’ services up to the reporting date
                                            and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. All other short-term
                                            employee benefit obligations are presented as payables.

                                            ii. Other long-term employee benefit obligations
                                            The liability for long service leave which is not expected to be settled within 12 months after the end of the
                                            period in which the employees render the related service is recognised in the provision for employee benefits
                                            and measured as the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided
                                            by employees up to the reporting date. Consideration is given to expected future wage and salary levels,
                                            experience of employee departures and periods of service. Expected future payments are discounted using
                                            market yields at the reporting date on national corporate bonds with terms to maturity that match, as closely
                                            as possible, the estimated future cash flows.

                                            iii. Bonus plans
                                            The group recognises a liability and expense for bonuses earned during the financial year where contractually
                                            obliged or where past practice has created a constructive obligation.

                                            iv. Superannuation
                                            Contributions by the consolidated entity to employees’ superannuation funds are charged to the profit or loss
                                            when they are payable. The consolidated entity does not operate any defined benefit superannuation funds.

                                            x) Contributed equity

                                            Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are
                                            shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

                                            y) Dividends

                                            Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at
                                            the discretion of the entity, on or before the end of the financial year but not distributed at balance date.

                                            z) Earnings per share

                                            i. Basic earnings per share
                                            Basic earnings per share is determined by dividing the profit attributable to owners of Cedar Woods by the
                                            weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for any bonus
                                            elements in ordinary shares issued during the year.



                                      104   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                     F U RT H E R I N F O R M AT I O N
                        ii. Diluted earnings per share
                        Diluted earnings per share adjusts the earnings used in the determination of basic earnings per share
                        to take account of any effect on borrowing costs associated with the issue of dilutive potential ordinary
                        shares. The weighted average number of ordinary shares is adjusted to reflect the conversion of all dilutive
                        potential ordinary shares.




For personal use only
                        aa) Rounding of amounts

                        The company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Legislative Instrument 2016/191, relating to the ‘rounding off’ of
                        amounts in the financial statements.

                        Amounts in the financial statements have been rounded off in accordance with the instrument to the nearest
                        thousand dollars, or in certain cases, to the nearest dollar.

                        ab) Goods and services tax (GST)

                        Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of associated GST, unless the GST
                        incurred is not recoverable from the taxation authority. In this case it is recognised as part of the cost of the
                        asset or as part of the expense.

                        Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount of GST receivable or payable. The net amount
                        of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included with other receivables or payables in
                        the balance sheet.
                        Cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST components of cash flows arising from investing or
                        financing activities which are recoverable from, or payable to, taxation authorities, are presented as operating
                        cash flows.

                        39. Changes in Accounting Policies
                        This note explains the impact of the adoption of AASB 9 Financial Instruments and AASB 15 Revenue from
                        Contracts with Customers on the group’s financial statements.

                        a) Impact on the financial statements

                        As a result of the changes in the entity’s accounting policies, prior year financial statements had to be
                        restated.

                        The following tables show the adjustments recognised for each individual line item. Line items that were not
                        affected by the changes have not been included. As a result, the total profit and net assets disclosed cannot
                        be recalculated from the numbers provided. The adjustments are explained in more detail by standard below.

                                                                                      As originally           Impact of
                         Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive            presented              AASB15             Restated
                         income (extract) - Year ended 30 June 2018                           $’000               $’000               $’000

                         Revenue from operations

                         Sale of land and buildings                                        231,495                 834              232,329

                         Expenses

                         Cost of sales of land and buildings                              (137,431)               (834)           (138,265)

                         Profit for FY2018                                                   42,603                   -              42,603

                                                                                      As originally           Impact of
                         Balance Sheet (extract) -                                      presented              AASB15             Restated
                         As at 30 June 2018                                                  $’000               $’000                $’000

                         Current liabilities

                         Provisions                                                           8,103             (7,079)               1,024

                         Contract Liabilities                                                     -               7,079               7,079

                         Total current liabilities                                         109,569                    -             109,569

                         Net assets / Equity                                               353,186                    -             353,186




                                                                                                                          2019 ANNUAL REPORT   105
  F U RT H E R I N F O R M AT I O N
                                            b) AASB9 Financial Instruments – impact of adoption

                                            AASB 9 replaces the provisions of AASB 139 that relate to the recognition, classification and measurement of
                                            financial assets and financial liabilities, derecognition of financial instruments, impairment of financial assets
                                            and hedge accounting.

                                            AASB 9 was adopted without requiring restatement of comparative information. No adjustments arose from




For personal use only
                                            applying the new impairment rules to trade receivables. The group does not adopt hedge accounting and does
                                            not have the categories of financial assets removed from the standard’s application.

                                            The adoption of AASB 9 from 1 July 2018 resulted in changes in accounting policies. The new accounting
                                            policies are set out in Note 38.

                                            c) AASB15 Revenue from contracts with Customers – impact of adoption

                                            The group has adopted AASB15 from 1 July 2018 which resulted in changes in accounting policies and
                                            adjustments to the amounts recognised in the financial statements. In accordance with the transition
                                            provisions in AASB 15, the group has adopted the new rules retrospectively and has restated comparatives
                                            for the 2018 financial year.

                                            i. Accounting for customer rebates

                                            Obligations to deliver goods and services to customers after residential lot settlements such as the provision
                                            of fencing and landscaping are recognised as provisions at settlement. Under AASB15 revenue relating to this
                                            component of sales revenue previously recognised at settlement of the residential lot is now deferred to the
                                            time the good or service is delivered. The corresponding expense relating to delivering the good or service is
                                            also deferred. The timing of profit recognition has not been impacted by this change.

                                            The adoption of AASB 15 from 1 July 2018 has not required any adjustment to retained earnings in prior
                                            periods and the changes required to the amounts recognised in the statement of profit or loss and other
                                            comprehensive income for the comparative period presented (year ended 30 June 2018) are reflected in the
                                            table in note 39(a) above.

                                            ii. Presentation of assets and liabilities related to contracts with customers

                                            The group has also changed the presentation of certain amounts in the balance sheet to reflect the
                                            terminology of AASB15, with contract liabilities now recognised for customer rebates formerly presented as
                                            provisions for customer rebates ($5,813,000 at 30 June 2019; $7,079,000 at 30 June 2018) and advanced
                                            sales commissions now disclosed as contract assets within trade receivables formerly disclosed as
                                            prepayments within trade receivables ($2,144,000 at 30 June 2019; $1,968,000 at 30 June 2018).

                                            40. Segment Information
                                            The Board has determined the operating segment based on the reports reviewed by the Managing Director
                                            that are used to make strategic decisions.

                                            The Board has considered the business from both a product and a geographic perspective and has
                                            determined that the group operates a single business in a single geographic area and hence has one
                                            reportable segment.

                                            The group engages in property development and investment which takes place in Australia. The group has no
                                            separate business units or divisions.

                                            The internal reporting provided to the Managing Director includes key performance information at a whole of
                                            group level. The Managing Director uses the internal information to make strategic decisions, based primarily
                                            upon the expected future outcome of those decisions on the group as a whole. Material decisions to allocate
                                            resources are generally made at a whole of group level.

                                            The group mainly sells products to the public and is not generally reliant upon any single customer for 10%
                                            or more of the group’s revenue. In FY2019 the sale of the Target Head Office building resulted in a single
                                            sale to a single customer for greater than 10% of the group’s full year revenue, however this is not a typical
                                            occurrence.




                                      106   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                           F U RT H E R I N F O R M AT I O N
                        All of the group’s assets are held within Australia.

                        The Managing Director assesses the performance of the operating segment based on the net profit after tax,
                        earnings per share and net tangible assets per share.




For personal use only



                                                                                                                2019 ANNUAL REPORT   107
                                                      Section F: Declaration and Independent Auditor’s




  D E C L A R AT I O N & A U D I T R E P O RT
                                                      report




For personal use only
                                                      Directors’ Declaration           109

                                                      Independent Auditor’s Report     110




                                                108   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Directors’ Declaration




                                                                                                                                                     D E C L A R AT I O N & A U D I T R E P O RT
                        In the directors’ opinion:

                             a) 	 the financial statements that are set out in the financial statements section and notes on pages 54 to
                                   107 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:




For personal use only
                                  (i) 	 complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory
                                         professional reporting requirements; and

                                  (ii) 	 giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2019 and
                                          of its performance for the financial year ended on that date; and

                             b)   there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company will be able to pay its debts as and when
                                  they become due and payable, and

                             c)   at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the
                                  extended closed group identified in Note 28 will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which
                                  they are, or may become, subject by virtue of the deed of cross guarantee described in Note 30.



                        Note 38(a) confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards
                        as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

                        The directors have been given the declarations by the Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer required
                        by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the directors.




                        Nathan Blackburne

                        Managing Director

                        Perth, Western Australia
                        27 August 2019




                                                                                                                        2019 ANNUAL REPORT     109
                                                      Independent Auditor’s report




  D E C L A R AT I O N & A U D I T R E P O RT




For personal use only
                                                               Independent auditor’s report
                                                               To the members of Cedar Woods Properties Limited

                                                               Report on the audit of the financial report
                                                               Our opinion
                                                               In our opinion:
                                                               The accompanying financial report of Cedar Woods Properties Limited (the Company) and its
                                                               controlled entities (together the Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                                                               (a)     giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2019 and of its
                                                                       financial performance for the year then ended
                                                               (b)     complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                                                               What we have audited
                                                               The Group financial report comprises:
                                                                      the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2019
                                                                      the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended
                                                                      the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended
                                                                      the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year then
                                                                       ended
                                                                      the notes to the financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies
                                                                      the directors’ declaration.

                                                               Basis for opinion
                                                               We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                                                               those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
                                                               report section of our report.

                                                               We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
                                                               our opinion.

                                                               Independence
                                                               We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                                                               Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical
                                                               Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant
                                                               to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
                                                               in accordance with the Code.




                                                               PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                                                               Brookfield Place, 125 St Georges Terrace, PERTH WA 6000, GPO Box D198, PERTH WA 6840
                                                               T: +61 8 9238 3000, F: +61 8 9238 3999, www.pwc.com.au

                                                               Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




                                                110   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                D E C L A R AT I O N & A U D I T R E P O RT




For personal use only
                        Our audit approach
                        An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from
                        material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if
                        individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
                        users taken on the basis of the financial report.

                        We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an
                        opinion on the financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management
                        structure of the Group, its accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.

                        Cedar Woods Properties Limited is an Australian property development company. The Group's
                        principal interests are in urban land subdivision and built form development for residential,
                        commercial and retail purposes. Its portfolio of assets is located in Western Australia, Victoria,
                        Queensland and South Australia.




                                   Materiality                            Audit scope                     Key audit matters

                           For the purpose of our audit we        Our audit focused on where the      Amongst other relevant
                            used overall Group materiality of       Group made subjective                topics, we communicated the
                            $3.4 million, which represents          judgements; for example,             following key audit matters to
                            approximately 5% of the Group’s         significant accounting               the Audit and Risk
                            profit before tax.                      estimates involving                  Management Committee:
                                                                    assumptions and inherently
                           We applied this threshold,              uncertain future events.               Valuation of inventory
                            together with qualitative                                                      Recognition of revenue
                            considerations, to determine the       The accounting processes are
                                                                                                        These are further described
                            scope of our audit and the              structured around a Group
                                                                                                         in the Key audit matters
                            nature, timing and extent of our        finance function at its head
                                                                                                         section of our report.
                            audit procedures and to evaluate        office in Perth. Our audit
                            the effect of misstatements on          procedures were predominately
                            the financial report as a whole.        performed at the Group head
                                                                    office, along with a number of
                           We chose Group profit before tax        property and development site
                            because, in our view, it is the         visits being performed across
                            benchmark against which the             the year.
                            performance of the Group is
                            most commonly measured.
                           We utilised a 5% threshold based
                            on our professional judgement,
                            noting it is within the range of
                            commonly acceptable thresholds.




                                                                                                               2019 ANNUAL REPORT         111
  D E C L A R AT I O N & A U D I T R E P O RT




For personal use only
                                                                Key audit matters
                                                                Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
                                                                our audit of the financial report for the current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the
                                                                context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
                                                                not provide a separate opinion on these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a
                                                                particular audit procedure is made in that context.

                                                                Key audit matter                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                                                Valuation of inventory                                       We obtained an understanding and evaluated the
                                                                (Refer to note 7) $482m                                      design of relevant controls in relation to inventory
                                                                                                                             valuation.
                                                                As of 30 June 2019, the Group recognised total               We tested the capitalisation of a sample of expenses
                                                                inventory of property held for sale of $482m.                and interest into inventory during the period.
                                                                Inventory is stated at the lower of cost and net             We obtained publically available independent property
                                                                realisable value for each development project.               market reports to inform our understanding of market
                                                                                                                             conditions.
                                                                The Group’s estimate of net realisable value includes
                                                                assumptions about future market and economic                 We applied a risk-based assessment to determine those
                                                                conditions which inherently are subject to the risk of       development projects where there is a greater risk that
                                                                change. These assumptions include future sales prices,       the carrying value of the inventory may be in excess of
                                                                future settlement rates, forecast costs of completion,       net realisable value. Our risk based selection criteria
                                                                selling costs and the nature, quality and location of        incorporates our knowledge of the life cycle of each
                                                                inventory held.                                              project from prior years, site visits and our
                                                                                                                             understanding of current economic conditions relevant
                                                                This was a key audit matter given the relative size of the
                                                                                                                             to individual project locations. In addition to these risk
                                                                inventory balance in the consolidated balance sheet and
                                                                                                                             conditions we focus on specific projects for testing
                                                                the significant judgement involved in the estimates
                                                                                                                             which are large contributors to revenue and profit in
                                                                used to calculate net realisable value.
                                                                                                                             the year or are experiencing declining gross margins.
                                                                                                                             For the selected projects we performed a combination
                                                                                                                             of one or more of the following audit procedures:
                                                                                                                                We discussed current project performance with the
                                                                                                                                 development manager including factors such as the
                                                                                                                                 key project risks, strategy, construction progress,
                                                                                                                                 current market conditions and the outlook for sales
                                                                                                                                 revenue over the remaining life of the project.

                                                                                                                                We obtained management’s net realisable value
                                                                                                                                 assessment of the project.

                                                                                                                                We obtained the cash flow model performed by
                                                                                                                                 management and assessed the key assumptions. A
                                                                                                                                 key focus was comparing development expenditure
                                                                                                                                 and forecast sales value for each project to actuals
                                                                                                                                 known from the current period and comparable
                                                                                                                                 projects. We also performed a sensitivity analysis
                                                                                                                                 on certain assumptions in the cash flow model as
                                                                                                                                 well as assessing mathematical accuracy of the cash
                                                                                                                                 flow model.




                                                112   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                     D E C L A R AT I O N & A U D I T R E P O RT




For personal use only
                        Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                                                                   In addition and where available for a project, we
                                                                                   obtained the external third party prepared valuation
                                                                                   reports, not older than 12 months. We compared the
                                                                                   valuation in the external third party prepared valuation
                                                                                   report to the carrying value of the project inventory.

                        Recognition of revenue                                     We obtained confirmations from settlement agents and
                        (Refer to note 1) $376m                                    lawyers for land and buildings settled during the year,
                                                                                   and compared the sales price and settlement date on
                                                                                   the confirmation to the Group’s accounting records. We
                        Revenue was the most significant amount in the
                                                                                   vouched total revenue from sale of land and buildings
                        consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
                                                                                   to settlement proceeds received in the bank account.
                        comprehensive income. Revenue of $376m was
                        comprised of a number of streams, including sale of        We evaluated a sample of settlements recorded for the
                        land and buildings of $362m.                               month of June 2019 and July 2019 against supporting
                                                                                   documentation to determine whether they were
                        Sale of land and buildings was a key audit matter due to
                                                                                   recorded in the correct period based on the terms in the
                        the financial significance of these sales to the Group’s
                                                                                   relevant sales agreement.
                        results and the complexity around the timing of
                        recognition of revenue.




                        Other information
                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
                        information included in the annual report for the year ended 30 June 2019, but does not include the
                        financial report and our auditor’s report thereon. Prior to the date of this auditor's report, the other
                        information we obtained included the Letter from the Chairman, Letter from the Managing Director,
                        Financial Performance Highlights, Our Business, Financial and Operating Review, Directors' Report,
                        Corporate Directory and About Cedar Woods. We expect the remaining other information to be made
                        available to us after the date of this auditor's report.

                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not and will not
                        express an opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                        and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
                        report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                        If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of
                        this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
                        are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

                        When we read the other information not yet received, if we conclude that there is a material
                        misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to the directors and use our
                        professional judgement to determine the appropriate action to take.




                                                                                                                          2019 ANNUAL REPORT   113
  D E C L A R AT I O N & A U D I T R E P O RT




For personal use only
                                                                Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
                                                                The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a
                                                                true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001
                                                                and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the
                                                                financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to
                                                                fraud or error.

                                                                In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to
                                                                continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
                                                                going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                                                                operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                                                                Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                                                                Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free
                                                                from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
                                                                includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
                                                                audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                                                                misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
                                                                if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                                                                decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial report.

                                                                A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the
                                                                Auditing and Assurance Standards Board website at:
                                                                http://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors_responsibilities/ar1.pdf. This description forms part of our
                                                                auditor's report.

                                                                Report on the remuneration report
                                                                Our opinion on the remuneration report
                                                                We have audited the remuneration report included in pages 30 to 49 of the directors’ report for the
                                                                year ended 30 June 2019.

                                                                In our opinion, the remuneration report of Cedar Woods Properties Limited for the year ended 30
                                                                June 2019 complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                                                                Responsibilities
                                                                The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
                                                                remuneration report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility
                                                                is to express an opinion on the remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with
                                                                Australian Auditing Standards.




                                                114   CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                                                                                                                                               D E C L A R AT I O N & A U D I T R E P O RT




For personal use only
                        Matters relating to the electronic presentation of the audited financial
                        report
                        This auditor’s report relates to the financial report of Cedar Woods Properties Limited for the year
                        ended 30 June 2019 included on Cedar Woods Properties Limited's web site. The directors of the
                        Company are responsible for the integrity of Cedar Woods Properties Limited's web site. We have not
                        been engaged to report on the integrity of this web site. The auditor’s report refers only to the financial
                        report named above. It does not provide an opinion on any other information which may have been
                        hyperlinked to/from the financial report. If users of this report are concerned with the inherent risks
                        arising from electronic data communications they are advised to refer to the hard copy of the audited
                        financial report to confirm the information included in the audited financial report presented on this
                        web site.




                        PricewaterhouseCoopers




                        Helen Bathurst                                                                                     Perth
                        Partner                                                                                   27 August 2019




                                                                                                                    2019 ANNUAL REPORT   115
                    Shareholders’ Information
                    This section provides information for shareholders on distributions and other shareholder benefits, the
                    composition of the share register and past financial performance.




For personal use only
                    Investors’ Summary                                  117

                    Shareholder Information                             118

                    Five Year Financial Performance                     120




           116      CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Investors’ Summary
                        Dividend and dividend policy
                        The dividend policy is to distribute approximately 50% of the full year net profit after tax. The final dividend for




For personal use only
                        the 2019 financial year is 13.5 cents per share, fully franked. The dividend will be paid on 25 October 2019.

                        Shareholder discount scheme
                        The group operates a shareholder discount scheme which entitles shareholders to a 5% discount off the listed
                        price of any residential lot, or 2.5% off the listed price of houses, apartments or strata commercial units at the
                        group’s developments. A summary of the main terms and conditions follows:

                        For residential lots, shareholders must hold a minimum number of 1,000 shares for at least 6 months before
                        purchasing a lot to qualify for the discount;

                        For off the plan purchases of ‘built-form’ lots (such as townhouses, apartments or commercial units),
                        shareholders must hold a minimum number of 1,000 shares at the time of purchasing a lot and hold the
                        shares through to settlement of the lot to qualify for the discount;

                        The number of shareholder discounts available will be limited in any sales release to two discounts, although
                        the Company may extend this for a particular release; and
                        The shareholder discount scheme does not apply to lots or dwellings at joint venture projects.

                        The above is a summary of the main conditions and shareholders should apply to the company or visit the
                        website for the full terms and conditions.

                        Electronic payment of dividends
                        The group continues to offer the electronic payment of dividends, which is now in use by the majority of our
                        shareholders. Shareholders may nominate a bank, building society or credit union account for the payment of
                        dividends by direct credit. Payments are electronically credited on the dividend payment date and confirmed
                        by mailed advice. Shareholders wishing to take advantage of this facility for the first time should contact the
                        company’s share registrar, Computershare Investor Services Pty Ltd, by visiting www.computershare.com.au.

                        Dividend re-investment plan and Bonus share plan
                        The dividend re-investment plan and bonus share plan are operated from time to time as part of measures
                        to manage the group’s capital. Shareholders can change their participation status in the plans by completing
                        an election form in accordance with the rules of each plan. The dividend re-investment plan and bonus share
                        plan are in operation for the final dividend for the 2019 financial year.

                        Shareholders’ timetable

                         Dividend announcement                                                                       28 August 2019

                         Share register closes for dividend (Record date)                                            26 September 2019

                         Final dividend payment date                                                                 25 October 2019

                         First quarter update                                                                        October 2019

                         Annual General Meeting                                                                      6 November 2019

                         Half-year result announcement                                                               February 2020

                         Interim dividend payment date                                                               April 2020

                         Third quarter update                                                                        May 2020

                         Full year result and dividend announcement                                                  August 2020




                                                                                                                        2019 ANNUAL REPORT     117
                    Shareholder Information
                    The shareholder information set out below was applicable at 31 August 2019.

                    a.       Distribution of ordinary shares




For personal use only
                                                                                                   Number of        Number of
                                                                                                     holders           shares

                        1 – 1,000                                                                       1,128         477,566

                        1,001 – 5,000                                                                   1,380        3,729,828

                        5,001 – 10,000                                                                   452         3,379,754

                        10,001 – 100,000                                                                 471        11,905,730

                        100,001 and over                                                                  50        60,686,149

                                                                                                        3,368       79,494,906

                    There were 273 holders of less than a marketable parcel of shares.

                    b.       Twenty largest shareholders of ordinary shares as disclosed in the share register

                        Name                                                                       Number of     Percentage of
                                                                                                      shares           shares

                        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                  11,008,723            13.73

                        JP Morgan Nominees Australia Limited                                        9,514,423            11.87

                        Hamsha Nominees Pty Ltd (The Nowra Projects Unit Fund A/C)                  5,040,216             6.29

                        Westland Group Holdings Pty Ltd                                             4,596,980             5.73

                        Zero Nominees Pty Ltd                                                       4,554,965             5.68

                        Citicorp Nominees Pty Ltd                                                   3,510,373             4.38

                        Beach Corporation Pty Ltd                                                   3,382,604             4.22

                        Helen Kaye Poynton                                                          2,227,734             2.78

                        National Nominees Limited                                                   1,677,095             2.09

                        Joia Holdings Pty Ltd                                                       1,493,558             1.86

                        Australian Executor Trustees Limited (No 1 Account)                         1,316,233             1.64

                        Mr Paul Sadleir                                                             1,193,231             1.49

                        Beach Corporation Pty Ltd                                                   1,127,283             1.41

                        BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd (Agency Lending DRP A/C)                        834,677              1.04

                        Netwealth Investments Limited (Wrap Services A/C)                            600,000              0.75

                        Dr A Gerraty & Mrs P Gerraty (A & P Gerraty S/F A/C)                         581,688              0.73

                        BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd (DRP A/C)                                       478,551              0.60

                        BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd (HUB24 Custodial Serv Ltd DRP)                  475,002              0.59

                        Leblon Holdings Pty Ltd (William Hames Super Fund A/C)                       387,980              0.48

                        Mr JH Tucker & Mrs KJ Tucker (Tucker Family Super Fund A/C)                  383,297              0.48

                                                                                                   54,245,969            67.84




           118      CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        c.       Substantial shareholders of ordinary shares
                        As disclosed in substantial shareholder notices lodged with the ASX at 31 August 2019

                            Name                                                                Number of shares   Percentage of shares1

                            William George Hames and related entities                                  9,314,668                  12.90




For personal use only
                            Robert Stanley Brown and related entities                                  7,937,627                  10.87

                            AustralianSuper Pty Ltd                                                    4,133,714                   5.24

                        1
                            Percentage of issued capital held as at the date notice provided.

                        d.       Voting rights
                        The voting rights attaching to each class of equity securities are set out below:

                        Ordinary shares
                        On a show of hands every member present in person or by proxy shall have one vote and upon a poll each
                        share shall have one vote.




                                                                                                                     2019 ANNUAL REPORT    119
                    Five Year Financial Performance
                    All figures in $’000 except where stated


                        Financial Year                                     2019      2018      2017      2016      2015




For personal use only
                        Financial Performance


                        Revenue from operations                          375,857   239,661   222,269   175,159   178,637


                        Proceeds from investment Properties                    -         -         -         -    36,000


                        Earnings before interest and tax                  72,012    65,168    67,446    65,587    61,220


                        Finance costs                                      3,072     4,020     2,947     3,755     3,397


                        Operating profit before tax                       68,942    61,148    64,499    61,832    57,823


                        Income tax expense                                20,298    18,545    19,054    18,230    15,238


                        Net profit after tax                              48,644    42,603    45,445    43,602    42,585




                        Financial Position


                        Total assets                                     571,711   601,516   505,624   452,729   383,330


                        Total liabilities                                195,181   248,330   175,390   145,541    97,725


                        Shareholders’ equity                             376,530   353,186   330,234   307,188   285,605


                        Number of shares on issue – end of year (‘000)    80,118    79,517    78,892    78,892    78,892


                        Basic earnings per share (cents)                    60.9      53.9      57.6      55.3      54.3




           120      CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        Financial Year                                2019      2018      2017           2016       2015




For personal use only
                        Key Performance Measures


                        Dividend per share, fully franked (cents)      31.5      30.0      30.0           28.5       28.0


                        EBIT Margin                                  19.2%     27.2%     30.3%           37.4%     34.3%


                        Interest cover (times)                          8.6       8.5      13.9           16.6        9.9


                        Return on Equity                             12.9%     12.1%     13.8%           14.2%     14.9%


                        Investment in inventory during year         245,814   191,633   161,588     112,887       120,620


                        Net tangible assets backing per share ($)      4.70      4.44      4.19           3.89       3.62


                        Net bank debt                               105,314   109,134    78,940      50,344        27,908


                        Net bank debt to equity                      28.0%     30.9%     23.9%           16.4%      9.8%


                        Share price – end of year ($)                  5.70      5.76      5.21           4.35       5.26


                        Stock Market capitalisation at 30 June      456,671   458,015   411,026     343,179       414,970


                        Number of employees at 30 June                  95         90       79              67         62




                        Returns to shareholders over 1, 3, & 5
                        years                                                 1 Year         3 Year               5 Year

                        Earnings per share growth %                             13.0               3.2                2.2


                        Share price growth %                                    (1.0)             31.0              (22.0)


                        Dividend growth % (paid dividend)                       20.0              28.6               33.3


                        Total shareholder return %                               5.3              55.4                2.8




                                                                                                         2019 ANNUAL REPORT   121
For personal use only



           122      CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
                        CENTRAL PARK, JACKSON GREEN




For personal use only
                        Just 20km from Melbourne’s CBD, Jackson Green is a 6.5ha site delivering
                        151 townhouses and approximately 400 apartments, including an internal road
                        network, parks and pedestrian links to the surrounding streets. Jackson Green
                        has been shortlisted in the 2019 VIC UDIA Excellence Awards for the categories
                        of Urban Renewal and Medium Density.




                                                                                     2019 ANNUAL REPORT   123
                    Corporate Directory




For personal use only
                        A.B.N. 47 009 259 081

                        Directors
                        William George Hames, BArch (Hons) MCU (Harvard)
                        LFRAIA, MPIA, FAPI (Econ) – Chairman
                        Robert Stanley Brown, MAICD, AIFS – Deputy Chairman
                        Ronald Packer, BCom (UWA), FAICD,
                        Solicitor Supreme Court of England & Wales
                        Valerie Anne Davies, FAICD
                        Jane Mary Muirsmith, FCA, GAICD
                        Nathan John Blackburne, BB, AMP, GAID – Managing Director

                        Company Secretary
                        Paul Samuel Freedman, BSc, CA, GAICD
                        Registered office and principal place of business
                        Ground Floor, 50 Colin Street
                        WEST PERTH WA 6005
                        Postal address: P.O. Box 788 West Perth WA 6872
                        Phone: (08) 9480 1500
                        Email: email@cedarwoods.com.au
                        Website: www.cedarwoods.com.au

                        Share registry
                        Computershare Investor Services Pty Ltd
                        Level 11
                        172 St Georges Terrace
                        PERTH WA 6000

                        Auditor
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers
                        125 St Georges Terrace
                        PERTH WA 6000

                        Securities exchange listing
                        Cedar Woods Properties Limited shares are listed
                        on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX)
                        ASX code: CWP

                        Annual general meeting
                        Venue: Kings Park Function Centre,
                        Fraser Avenue, West Perth WA 6005
                        Time: 10:00am
                        Date: Wednesday 6 November 2019




           124      CEDAR WOODS PROPERTIES LIMITED
