For personal use only




                 1 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        ABOUT
                        CEDAR WOODS
                        Cedar Woods Properties
                        Limited (“Cedar Woods”)




For personal use only
                        is a national developer of
                        residential communities and
                        commercial properties.
                        Established in 1987, Cedar Woods has grown to
                        become one of the country’s leading developers.

                        The Company has established a reputation for
                        delivering long-term shareholder value underpinned
                        by our disciplined approach to acquisitions, the
                        rigour and thoughtfulness of our designs, and the
                        creation of dynamic communities that meet the
                        evolving needs of our customers.

                        Cedar Woods’ diversified product mix ranges from
                        land subdivisions in emerging residential
                        communities, to medium and high-density
                        apartments and townhouses in vibrant inner-city
                        neighbourhoods and supporting retail and
                        commercial developments. Cedar Woods’
                        developments epitomise the Company’s long-
                        standing commitment to quality.




                        Pictured cover: Incontro Townhomes, Subiaco WA




                 2 Cedar Woods Properties Limited                             Local artist, Connie Clinch, in front of her mural at Byford on the Scarp, WA
                        TABLE OF
                        CONTENTS
                        Letter from the Chairman ..........................................4
                        Letter from the Managing Director ............................6
                        Financial Performance Highlights .............................8
                        Our Business .......................................................... 10
                        Financial and Operating Review ............................. 13
                        ESG Report............................................................. 20
                        Directors’ Report ..................................................... 35
                        Directors’ Report: Letter to Shareholders from the




For personal use only
                        Chair of the Remuneration & Nominations
                        Committee (The Committee) ................................... 40
                        Directors’ Report: Remuneration Report ................. 41
                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration ....................... 60
                        Financial Statements ............................................. 61
                        Notes To The Financial Statements ........................ 67
                        Section A: Key Numbers ........................................ 68
                        Profit or Loss Information ........................................ 69
                        Balance Sheet Information ...................................... 72
                        Cash Flow Information ............................................ 84
                        Section B: Financial Risks ...................................... 86
                        Significant Estimates and Judgements ................... 87
                        Financial Risk Management .................................... 88
                        Capital Management ............................................... 92
                        Section C: Group Structure ..................................... 94
                        Group Structure ...................................................... 95
                        Section D: Unrecognised Items.............................. 98
                        Unrecognised Items ................................................ 99
                        Section E: Further Information .............................. 100
                        Directors’ Declaration............................................ 112
                        Independent Auditor’s Report ............................... 113
                        Shareholders’ Information ..................................... 119
                        Investors’ Summary .............................................. 120
                        Shareholder Information ....................................... 121
                        Five Year Financial Performance .......................... 123




                                                                      Annual Report 2023             3
                        LETTER FROM THE
                        CHAIRMAN
                        The property sector has not been far from the             These organisations have either large capital
                        headlines in the past 12 months especially in regard      allocations to deploy or large land portfolios and see
                        to housing shortages and affordability.                   the mutual benefits that could be achieved by
                                                                                  partnering with an expert developer like Cedar
                        At Cedar Woods we take pride in the role we play in
                                                                                  Woods. For us, this delivers both an enhanced
                        delivering innovative solutions to the property
                                                                                  project pipeline and a capital efficient manner to




For personal use only
                        market and the communities which we create. We
                                                                                  deliver projects.
                        seek to achieve this while delivering strong returns
                        to our investors.                                         Sustainability continues to be a driver of everything
                                                                                  that we do at Cedar Woods and we have continued
                        The property sector has had to navigate several
                                                                                  to roll out our ESG strategy, including some major
                        challenges in recent years. For Cedar Woods these
                                                                                  new initiatives, such as a Community Energy
                        have included the difficult construction sector
                                                                                  Sharing Network in the design of our Eglinton
                        conditions, rising interest rates and the impact this
                                                                                  Village development in Perth’s north.
                        has had on demand for new housing.
                                                                                  The tight labour market in Australia has warranted
                        However, we expect interest rates to peak shortly,
                                                                                  an even greater focus by management on our
                        which will give prospective home buyers more
                                                                                  people. To that end, I’m pleased to report a
                        certainty of their future mortgage repayments and
                                                                                  continued outstanding response from our staff in the
                        more confidence to buy.
                                                                                  annual survey, where we achieved an 81%
                        The Federal Government’s initiative to increase           satisfaction score.
                        inbound migration, to boost economic growth and
                                                                                  In addition, we recognise the long-term future of our
                        redress the shortage of skilled labour, will ultimately
                                                                                  business relies on effective succession and we have
                        help underpin long-term demand for housing.
                                                                                  implemented an expanded leadership training
                        Despite the mixed conditions for sales and                program in conjunction with Melbourne Business
                        construction, we continue to expect our sector to         School to foster our future leaders.
                        perform well in the medium term. We have a
                                                                                  We maintain a strong sense of community within
                        significant project pipeline, and we remain well
                                                                                  Cedar Woods. We develop communities and we
                        positioned to respond to future market demand once
                                                                                  understand the value of giving back, in particular to
                        conditions normalise.
                                                                                  those who are less fortunate. We have a long-term
                        At Cedar Woods we are always looking at how we            partnership with the Smith Family Children’s Charity
                        do things, and how things can be done differently for     and I’m delighted by the number of staff who
                        the benefit of our customers and shareholders. One        actively volunteer to support our joint activities.
                        of these areas is our capital management initiatives.
                        In the past year we have established strategic
                        partnerships with Tokyo Gas and QIC Real Estate.




                 4 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
For personal use only   Finally, I’d like to extend a broad thank you to the
                        entire Cedar Woods team, led by our Managing
                                                                                 Sincerely,


                        Director Nathan Blackburne and his executive team
                        for their efforts in the past year.

                        I’m buoyed by the outlook. There are challenges,         William Hames
                        but I feel we have the right strategy, the right team,   Chairman
                        the project pipeline and the partners to deliver
                        strong returns for our valued shareholders.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   5
                        LETTER FROM THE
                        MANAGING DIRECTOR
                        The operating environment for property                    As part of this strategy, we have a sale process
                        development during FY2023 has been challenging,           underway for a shopping centre asset in Victoria
                        but the Company has successfully adjusted to take         and if this transaction completes it will deliver
                        full advantage as market conditions improve.              significant capital return and profit for the company.

                        The rapid rise in interest rates impacted buyer           Additionally, partnerships with QIC and Tokyo Gas
                        sentiment during the first 3 quarters of the financial    present exciting opportunities for Cedar Woods to
                        year, resulting in sales figures substantially lower      participate in projects of scale without committing to




For personal use only
                        than the prior two years. However, sales rebounded        the entire capital requirements of the developments.
                        strongly in the final quarter, leaping 58% on the prior
                                                                                  The QIC partnership will initially focus on the joint
                        quarter and up 10% on the corresponding Q4
                                                                                  development of around 400 townhouses and
                        FY2022.
                                                                                  apartments at the Robina town centre in South-East
                        One reason for lower sales was the extended               Queensland. The partnership intends to expand to
                        timeline for development projects to be delivered,        other centres owned by QIC, potentially providing a
                        which deterred buyers and also caused                     significant pipeline of well-located residential sites
                        corresponding delays to settlements for the               for Cedar Woods to develop.
                        Company. While bottlenecks are easing, trading
                                                                                  The partnership with Tokyo Gas, initially on the
                        conditions resulted in a reduced FY2023 NPAT of
                                                                                  Company’s Banksia Apartments project, is also
                        $31.6 million, compared to the prior year result of
                                                                                  intended to be expanded over time by acquiring
                        $37.4 million.
                                                                                  new projects jointly.
                        Rising costs and labour shortages had an impact on
                                                                                  As the forward outlook for property development
                        margins during FY2023. While these pressures will
                                                                                  improved during the year, equity market investors
                        continue to some degree in FY2024, costs are
                                                                                  have shown increased interest in the Company. The
                        expected to stabilise and sales prices should
                                                                                  rapid movements in interest rates had impacted the
                        improve over time, allowing profit margins to
                                                                                  stock price and during the second half of the year,
                        improve. Our project pipeline remains strong with
                                                                                  investors have attempted to get ahead of an
                        presale contracts of $448 million scheduled to
                                                                                  anticipated recovery in the residential property
                        deliver revenue in FY2024 and into FY2025.
                                                                                  market.
                        To replenish the portfolio, Cedar Woods has
                                                                                  Given the medium term outlook, with property
                        invested approximately $82 million in land
                                                                                  market fundamentals remaining supportive, we
                        acquisitions during FY2023. With a land bank that
                                                                                  believe Cedar Woods continues to present
                        has been significantly extended by acquisitions and
                                                                                  compelling value while providing an attractive fully
                        joint ventures, our focus in FY2024 will be on driving
                                                                                  franked dividend yield.
                        enhanced returns from existing and newly acquired
                        projects.

                        The Company also has a strategy of developing
                        investment grade assets and selling them to realise
                        profits and recycle capital back into the business.




                 6 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        The Company starts FY2024 in a strong position        Sincerely,
                        with several new projects expected to contribute to
                        earnings and our pipeline of more than 10,000
                        undeveloped dwellings/ lots/ offices across four
                        states places us well for the medium and longer       Nathan Blackburne
                        term.
                                                                              Managing Director




For personal use only




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   7
                        FINANCIAL
                        PERFORMANCE
                        HIGHLIGHTS




For personal use only




                 8 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
For personal use only




                         Incontro Townhomes, Subiaco WA   Annual Report 2023   9
                        OUR
                        BUSINESS
                                                                               OUR PURPOSE, VISION & VALUES
                        OUR HISTORY
                                                                               Our Purpose, Vision and Values inform every
                        Cedar Woods was established in 1987 and listed on
                                                                               decision we make, guide our conduct internally
                        the ASX (Code: CWP) in 1994. Starting out as a
                                                                               and our relationships with partners, customers
                        developer of master planned communities in
                                                                               and investors.
                        Western Australia, the Company progressively
                        branched out into new product areas and                We are proud to be a leading national property
                        geographies. The Company expanded into                 developer, and with an ongoing commitment to our




For personal use only
                        Melbourne in 1997, then Brisbane in 2014 and           strategy and our values, we look forward to fulfilling
                        Adelaide in 2016 and now has a significant portfolio   our vision of becoming the best Australian property
                        of quality developments delivering residential lots,   company, renowned for performance and quality.
                        townhouses, apartments and commercial projects.

                        The Company is known for taking on complex, large
                        scale projects, adding value through planning
                        design and delivery and generating strong returns
                        from multi-year projects. As a result, it has built
                        a reputation as an innovative and diversified
                        property group with a track record
                        of strong financial performance,
                        sustained since inception.




                 10 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        OUR STRATEGY
                        Our strategy is to grow our national project portfolio, diversified by geography, product type and price point,
                        so that it continues to hold broad customer appeal and performs well in a range of market conditions.




                                  Geography                              Product Type                                 Price Point
                             Good geographic spread                    Range of housing lots,                    Wide range of price points
                             of well-located projects in            apartments, townhouses and                offered in Queensland, South




For personal use only
                                     our states                        commercial properties                 Australia, Victoria and Western
                                                                                                                         Australia




                        VALUE CREATION MODEL
                        We deliver on our strategy via our value creation model.




                            Property Acquisitions                        Development                             Marketing & Sales
                        Disciplined approach                      Research, design, planning                 Integrated approach to
                        to acquisitions:                          and delivery:                              optimise results:
                             Tactical and research-                  Sustainable designs that                  Positioning projects to
                              based decisions to identify              optimise quality,                          maximise demand
                              projects                                 functionality, environmental              Pre-sell to underwrite
                             Rigorous assessment and                  outcomes and returns                       projects
                              conservative assumptions                Collaborative approach                    Quality brands and
                             Structure contracts to                   with community and                         marketing material
                              minimise risks and                       authorities                               Lead generation and sales
                              optimise returns                        Negotiate timely value-                    conversion
                             Utilising third-party capital            adding approvals                          Customer nurturing and
                              via strategic partnerships              Structure contracts to                     referral
                              and joint ventures                       minimise risks
                                                                      Manage construction
                                                                       closely




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023     11
                        STRATEGIC PRIORITIES
                        We optimise business performance through a focus on four strategic priorities.




                                High Performance Culture                                       Operational Excellence




For personal use only
                             Creating a progressive, high-spirited work                  Being operationally strong and safe through
                         environment with strong staff alignment to values           renewed and integrated systems and technologies,
                        and objectives, where top talent work collaboratively       having a strong corporate brand with quality projects
                                and high performance is rewarded.                            and delivering sustainable projects.




                                      Financial Strength                                           Earnings Growth
                            Optimising performance through disciplined                   Pursuit of earnings growth is the key metric
                             capital management, a commercial focus,                     to achieve our primary objective of creating
                            cost minimisation and maintaining a strong               long-term value for our shareholders. This may be
                                           balance sheet.                            achieved organically, by mergers and acquisitions
                                                                                               or through new business areas.




                                                                                                                             Ellendale Park, QLD
                 12 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        FINANCIAL AND
                        OPERATING REVIEW
                        On behalf of the Board we present the financial and operating review of
                        Cedar Woods to shareholders.

                        The following summarises the results of operations during the year and the financial position of the consolidated
                        entity at 30 June 2023.




For personal use only
                        2023 FINANCIAL RESULTS SUMMARY
                                                                                                                    2022
                                                                                                    2023       *Restated
                         Year ended 30 June                                                        $’000           $’000       % Change

                         Revenue                                                                 391,303         333,036             17.5

                         Net profit after tax (NPAT)                                              31,635          37,388            (15.4)

                         Total assets                                                            783,398         796,387             (1.6)

                         Net bank debt                                                           195,806         198,688             (1.5)

                         Shareholders’ equity                                                    431,102         421,223              2.3



                        Key performance indicators
                                                                                                                    2022
                         Year ended 30 June                                                        2023        *Restated       % Change

                         Basic earnings per share                                      ¢            38.5             45.7           (15.8)

                         Diluted earnings per share                                    ¢            38.0             45.2           (15.9)

                         Dividends per share – fully franked                           ¢            20.0             27.5           (27.3)

                         Return on equity                                              %             7.3              8.9           (17.9)

                         Return on capital                                             %             7.9              9.4           (16.0)

                         Total shareholder return (1 year)                             %            36.7           (42.4)            79.1

                         Net bank debt to equity – 30 June                             %            45.4             47.2            (3.8)

                         Net bank debt to total tangible assets (less cash)            %            25.3             25.1             0.8

                         Interest cover                                                x             3.6              9.1           (60.4)

                         Net tangible asset backing per share – historical cost        $            5.21             5.11             2.0

                         Shares on issue – end of year                              ’000          82,210           82,128             0.1

                         Stock market capitalisation at 30 June                    $’000        413,516          302,230             36.8

                         Share price at 30 June                                        $            5.03             3.68            36.7

                        * See Note 15 for details of the restatement.




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023      13
                        FINANCIAL YEAR OVERVIEW                                   intended to significantly expand each of these
                        The Company reported a net profit after tax               relationships with further acquisitions, which will
                        (‘NPAT’) of $31.6 million for the 2023 financial year,    boost the medium-term earnings capacity of the
                        above June guidance of $30 million.                       business.

                        Full year revenue at $391 million, was up 17% on          PORTFOLIO UPDATE
                        the prior year, whilst NPAT was 15% lower. Gross          The Company completed and settled a number of
                        margin of 25%, was down on the prior year of 29%          stages across the portfolio during the final quarter of
                        as a result of a combination of changes in the            FY2023 resulting in a strong final quarter for the
                        product mix and increased construction costs for          year. Built form stages that completed during the
                        lots/units settled.                                       quarter include Aster apartments in Clayton South,
                                                                                  Victoria, Monarch apartments in Glenside, South
                        Presales contracts at 30 June 2023 were at $448
                                                                                  Australia and Incontro townhouses in Subiaco
                        million providing a strong starting position for the
                                                                                  Western Australia. Significant land stages settled at
                        year ahead, with the majority expected to settle in
                                                                                  Mason Quarter in Wollert, Victoria and at Ellendale,
                        FY2024 and the balance in FY2025.




For personal use only
                                                                                  Upper Kedron, Queensland.
                        Sales were relatively weak in the first half of
                                                                                  The Company’s capital partnership with Tokyo Gas
                        FY2023, primarily due to the rising interest rate
                                                                                  to deliver the Banksia apartment project in Glenside,
                        environment, but pleasingly the final quarter sales
                                                                                  South Australia has successfully started with the
                        jumped 58% on the prior quarter. The market is
                                                                                  project 100% sold, construction underway and
                        being supported by increased inbound migration,
                                                                                  completion due in the first half of FY2024. Also at
                        high employment and the low supply of rental
                                                                                  Glenside, the Company’s new retirement product,
                        properties in the established market.
                                                                                  Bloom apartments has been well received by the
                        The Company has been active in developments               market, achieving 80% presales and is now under
                        across the portfolio, with a number of new                construction with completion expected in FY2025.
                        residential projects launched to market in FY2023,        The second stage of Glenside Bloom is expected to
                        including Eglinton and Atwater (WA), and Sage             be released in the first half of FY2024.
                        (QLD). The construction sector continues to
                                                                                  At Williams Landing in Victoria the Boston
                        experience supply constraints and cost pressures
                                                                                  Commons strata office building is 100% sold and
                        across the nation, but there are signs of stabilisation
                                                                                  under construction with completion forecast in the
                        with some building material costs coming off
                                                                                  first half of FY2025. The Company is selling the next
                        previous highs and home builders willing to hold
                                                                                  stage of strata offices at Williams Landing and has a
                        prices for increasing periods of time.
                                                                                  pipeline of additional office stages to follow within
                        During the year the Company completed major               this project.
                        acquisitions in VIC and WA, which are expected to
                                                                                  Marketing for the sale of the Williams Landing
                        contribute earnings in the medium to long term. The
                                                                                  Shopping Centre (WLSC) commenced during
                        Company has also recently announced new
                                                                                  FY2023. The sale process is currently ongoing,
                        strategic partnerships with QIC, for the joint
                                                                                  although there is no certainty a sale will proceed.
                        development of around 400 townhouses and
                        apartments at the Robina town Centre in South-East        Cedar Woods’ diversified portfolio helps ensure it is
                        Queensland, and Tokyo Gas for the co-                     positioned to perform well through different property
                        development of the Banksia Apartments in SA. It is        cycles across state markets.




                 14 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                             PROJECT PIPELINE CHART AS AT 30 JUNE 2023




For personal use only



        Annual Report 2023


        15
                        CORPORATE OBJECTIVES AND                                 corporate facility interest cover was approximately
                        PROGRESS ON STRATEGY                                     3.6 times, comfortably above the finance facility
                        Cedar Woods’ primary purpose is to create value for      covenant of 2 times. The Company is operating
                        shareholders through the development of vibrant          within all of its finance facility covenants.
                        communities and deliver consistent growth in net
                                                                                 The Company generated strong cash flow from
                        profit and earnings per share. This year, the
                                                                                 operations of $105.6 million before payments for
                        Company reported a full year net profit after tax of
                                                                                 new land acquisitions. This strong operating
                        $31.6 million and total fully franked dividends of
                                                                                 cashflow enabled the company to invest $81.9
                        20.0 cents.
                                                                                 million in land acquisitions and return $22.6 million
                        The overarching strategy, as illustrated on page 11,     to shareholders via fully franked dividends.
                        is to grow and develop our national project portfolio,
                                                                                 Subsequent to year end, the Board has declared a
                        diversified by geography, product type and price
                                                                                 fully franked final dividend of 7.0 cents per share
                        point, so that it continues to hold broad customer
                                                                                 which, together with the 13 cent interim dividend
                        appeal and performs well in a range of market




For personal use only
                                                                                 paid in April, brings total financial year dividends to
                        conditions. The Company’s strategy is delivered
                                                                                 20.0 cents per share (fully franked). The total
                        through the operation of our value creation model,
                                                                                 dividends of 20.0 cents represent a payout ratio of
                        as illustrated on page 11.
                                                                                 approximately 52%.
                        Cedar Woods’ Corporate Plan guides
                                                                                 The dividend reinvestment and bonus share plan
                        management’s activities and provides a five-year
                                                                                 will not be in operation for the upcoming FY2023
                        outlook for the Company, projecting earnings and
                                                                                 final dividend to be paid in October 2023.
                        other key performance indicators. The Corporate
                        Plan sets out a number of key action items under         MARKET CONDITIONS
                        each strategic priority focused on achieving the         Residential property market conditions were
                        primary purpose and addressing key risk factors.         adversely impacted for much of FY2023 by the rapid
                        These key actions are implemented as performance         increase in interest rates, inflationary pressures and
                        targets by senior executives, sales managers and         capacity constraints in the construction sector.
                        other employees.                                         Accordingly, home values and sales volumes fell for
                                                                                 most of the year with improvements seen across the
                        CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
                                                                                 sector in the final quarter. The Company
                        The Company has corporate finance facilities of
                                                                                 experienced a broad and strong improvement in
                        $330 million with maturity terms of 3 years ($264
                                                                                 gross sales in the final quarter with volumes jumping
                        million) and 5 years ($66 million), with tenure
                                                                                 58% on the prior quarter. Sales have been slower
                        extended annually.
                                                                                 so far in FY2024 with the Company monitoring to
                        At 30 June 2023, net bank debt stood at $195.8           see if a trend is developing.
                        million, retaining approximately $106.5 million in
                                                                                 Although the near-term market outlook remains
                        undrawn headroom in the Company’s long-term
                                                                                 uncertain, 1.8 million new households are expected
                        debt facilities to fund the development of the
                                                                                 to form across Australia between 2023 and 2033.
                        Company’s portfolio as well as contracted land
                                                                                 Due to rapid population growth, increasing
                        acquisitions that will generate future growth.
                                                                                 household formation and supply challenges, a
                        In line with the Company’s policy to hedge               deficit of more than 100,000 dwellings is expected
                        approximately half of interest rate risk, 47% of         over the 5 years to 2027 (Source: National Housing
                        drawn debt was hedged at year end with interest          Finance and Investment Corporation). The
                        rate caps ranging from 1% to 3%.                         undersupply of housing is already apparent with
                                                                                 tight rental markets across all major capital cities
                        Net bank debt-to-equity at 30 June 2023 was 45%,
                                                                                 leading to rapidly rising rents and increasing rental
                        in the middle of the Company’s target debt to equity
                                                                                 yields, making conditions more favorable for
                        range of 20% to 75%. Net debt to total tangible
                                                                                 housing investment.
                        assets less cash was 25% at year end and




                 16 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        Construction conditions vary around the country         Australia, regulators that sets borrowing standards
                        with costs generally stabilising and builder appetite   for home buyers, the strength of the labour market,
                        for new work improving, noting some markets             consumer confidence and major supplier risk.
                        remain challenging for builders due to labour
                                                                                Both civil contractors and apartment and home
                        shortages and elevated costs.
                                                                                builders have been impacted in recent years by
                        The catalyst for a sustained improvement in sales       significant work volumes, commonly under fixed
                        volumes is expected to be a combination of the          price contracts, whilst dealing with material and
                        peaking of interest rates and improved builder          labour shortages that drove cost inflation. As a
                        capacity, both of which will help restore buyer         result, financial viability of major suppliers became
                        confidence.                                             an elevated risk for the Company.

                        COMPANY OUTLOOK                                         The Company manages this risk by undertaking
                        Cedar Woods starts FY2024 in a strong position          comprehensive financial assessments of major
                        with $448 million in presales expected to settle over   contractors and favouring the appointment of
                        FY2024 and FY2025.




For personal use only
                                                                                reputable builders the Company has developed a
                                                                                trusted working relationship with.
                        Earnings guidance for FY2024 is expected to be
                        provided as the year progresses when greater            The Company is exposed to the property cycles in
                        clarity is obtained on anticipated sales volumes, the   the metropolitan markets in which it operates, i.e.
                        company wide delivery program and the sale of the       Western Australia, Victoria, Queensland and South
                        Williams Landing Shopping Centre. Half to half          Australia. Demand fluctuations in these markets
                        earnings will be weighted by the timing of the          represent a risk to achieving the Company’s
                        shopping centre settlement, where completed.            financial objectives. The Company aims to mitigate
                                                                                this risk by operating in diverse geographical
                        The Company is well placed for the medium term
                                                                                markets and offering a wide range of products and
                        with a pipeline of more than 10,000 undeveloped
                                                                                price points to various consumer segments.
                        dwellings/ lots/ offices across four states. Several
                        new projects are expected to contribute to earnings     While house and land prices fluctuate, underlying
                        from FY2024, including Clara Place and 88 Leveson       demand will be driven by population growth and
                        townhouses in Victoria, Banksia, Bloom and Sirocco      changing demographics. In the past, the Company
                        apartments in South Australia, Eglington Village and    has typically achieved its profit objectives by
                        Atwater in Western Australia, and Sage and South        managing both prices and volumes through the
                        Maclean in Queensland.                                  property cycle.

                        RISKS                                                   Individual projects are exposed to a number of risks
                        The Audit and Risk Management Committee assists         including those related to obtaining the necessary
                        the Board in the effective discharge of its             approvals for development, construction risks and
                        responsibility for risk oversight and ensures that      delays, pricing risks and competition. The Company
                        internal control systems are in place to identify,      aims to balance its portfolio at any time in favour of
                        assess, monitor and manage risk. A Risk                 mature projects where the project risks are
                        Management Framework is in place to support the         generally diminished.
                        integration of risk management within the business
                                                                                The risk management framework also seeks to
                        and to promote a culture committed to building long-
                                                                                address a range of other risks that impact the
                        term sustainable value for stakeholders.
                                                                                business, such as economic and political risks,
                        The general risks to the Company’s performance          climate change risks, competition for staff and
                        include those relevant to the economy and property      project opportunities, and cyber risks.
                        market, including government policy in relation to
                                                                                While the Company has no material exposures to
                        immigration and support for the housing industry
                                                                                ESG risks, the ESG report starting on page 20
                        generally, the environmental policy framework,
                                                                                provides further details on how the Company is
                        monetary policy set by the Reserve Bank of
                                                                                managing ESG risks.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023       17
                        BOARD MATTERS                                            required and are published on the Company’s
                        The Board is conscious of its duty to ensure the         website.
                        Company meets its performance objectives. During
                                                                                 Details of the Board members are contained in this
                        the year, the Board and its committees reviewed
                                                                                 annual financial report and the Corporate
                        their respective charters and performance to ensure
                                                                                 Governance Statement which is available on the
                        they were properly discharging their responsibilities.
                                                                                 Company’s website.
                        The charters were updated during the year as




For personal use only
                        William Hames                                            Nathan Blackburne

                        Chairman                                                 Managing Director




                 18 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
For personal use only




                     Incontro Townhomes, Subiaco WA   Annual Report 2023   19
                        ESG
                        REPORT
                        1. INTRODUCTION
                        Our vision is to be the best
                        Australian property company
                        renowned for performance and
                        quality. We aim to play a positive
                        role in society over the long-term,
                        through our products and




For personal use only
                        services, which are fundamental
                        to people’s wellbeing in homes
                        and businesses, and through
                        behaving responsibly in our
                        markets and in our communities.

                        Cedar Woods does more than
                        create vibrant communities. We
                        are proud of our reputation for
                        being environmentally and socially
                        responsible. We continually look
                        for ways to:

                           Reduce our ecological footprint
                           Promote affordable housing
                           Respect indigenous and cultural
                            heritage
                           Stimulate economic investment
                            and jobs
                           Foster cooperative stakeholder
                            relationships
                           Activate the communities we
                            create
                           Foster diversity, equal opportunity
                            and career development in the
                            workplace
                           Provide a safe work environment
                           Instil our values and promote an
                            ethical business culture through
                            strong governance

                        This report communicates our progress
                        and achievements on environment,
                        community outcomes and governance,
                        benefiting those affected by our actions.



                 20 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
For personal use only




                        Annual Report 2023   21   Annual Report 2023   21
                        2. HIGHLIGHTS

                        Governance
                           Capital Partnerships



                             Cedar Woods seals capital partnership                  TG is a substantial Japanese public
                             with Tokyo Gas                                         company that has made the strategic
                                                                                    decision to invest in Australian real estate as
                             Cedar Woods recently established a                     part of its sustainability and growth strategy.
                             partnership with Tokyo Gas (TG) to                     The partnership has been formulated with
                             develop Banksia Apartments, the fourth                 the purpose of building a relationship in the
                             apartment building at our Glenside                     future.
                             development. Banksia Apartments consists
                             of 72 apartments over 8 levels, offering 1,            Executives from Cedar Woods visited Tokyo
                             2- and 3-bedroom residences priced                     to meet the Tokyo Gas team and learn more




For personal use only
                             between $380,000 and $1.5 million.                     about their business and culture.




                        Cedar Woods teams up with QIC on Robina
                        Town Centre

                        The Company has entered into a joint venture                           QIC's Robina Town Centre
                        agreement (subject to conditions precedent) with QIC
                        Real Estate to jointly develop 400 apartments and                                               Subject Site
                        town houses on land owned by QIC adjacent to Robina
                        Town Centre in South East Queensland.

                        The joint venture seeks to leverage Cedar Woods’
                        national residential development capabilities to unlock
                        value on the Robina land. The arrangement provides
                        an opportunity to work with an experienced partner and
                        access an excellent development site. Should this
                        initial project go well, the potential for Cedar Woods is
                        significant in terms of an additional future pipeline of
                        development sites.




                 22 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                           Leadership Training


                             Focus on leadership

                             Senior leaders from around the country                 Woods’ leaders to develop their skills in
                             travelled to Melbourne to attend a Leadership          leading self, people and outcomes. The team
                             Program at Melbourne Business School.                  valued the opportunity to share learnings, build
                                                                                    stronger connections among their peers and
                             The three-day program, facilitated by
                                                                                    dedicate time to strengthen their leadership
                             leadership coaches and psychologists was
                                                                                    toolkit.
                             designed specifically for Cedar




For personal use only
                        HIGHLIGHTS
                        Social
                           Employee Value Proposition (EVP) development


                            Our EVP
                            As a forward thinking, people focused company,
                            we create a high spirited and collaborative work
                            environment that develops talent and values
                            strong connections between our people. We
                            have a proud history of career progression
                            within Cedar Woods that rewards ambition and
                            high performance.

                            The types of developments we create are
                            diverse, which sets us apart from our peers,
                            providing the opportunity to be involved with a
                            variety of high quality, innovative and
                            sustainable projects in locations across
                            Australia. Our developments seek to leave a
                            legacy, that improves the lives of our customers.



                        In today’s highly competitive employment market, Cedar Woods recognises the importance of a strong
                        employee value proposition (EVP). An EVP encapsulates everything that an organisation uses to attract and
                        retain talent, through to how someone describes the experience of working for a company to their friends.
                        It’s the balance of tangible and intangible benefits, representing why someone would choose to work at one
                        organisation another. Cedar Woods has defined its EVP which includes recognition of the strong culture,
                        career development opportunities, remuneration and staff benefits. Further details are available at
                        www.cedarwoods.com.au/Careers




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   23
                           Work, Health & Safety




                        Our good health and safety record continued through the effective operation of our work, health and safety
                        systems resulting in no serious staff injuries or fatalities as a result of any failure of the Company’s WHS system.
                        At selected offices and company projects, WHS system compliance is subject to annual external independent
                        audits against a range of metrics. Recommendations are considered and required improvements made to the
                        company’s system following these audits.

                        




For personal use only
                            Social responsibility


                             The Smith Family

                             We have committed to directly supporting 100 students through The Smith Family’s Learning for Life
                             program, which is delivered across 91 communities around Australia.

                             The program provides school students and their families with financial support for school essentials like
                             uniforms and books, personal support for the child and their family and access to practical support,
                             through their extra out-of-school learning and mentoring programs – tailored to each child’s needs.

                             Throughout the year, Cedar Woods staff across the country have been running, walking, mentoring,
                             volunteering and fundraising for The Smith Family. In November, the WA team hosted a group of
                             students from a local high school for a personalised Work Inspiration day. The day provided students
                             with exposure to real-world experiences, taking them through a number of activities to broaden their
                             perspective and develop aspirations, both within the property development industry and beyond. Staff
                             have also volunteered in a career information program for the students, other interactive activities and
                             fundraising events.




                 24 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        HIGHLIGHTS
                        Environment
                           Climate change and environment

                        Climate Reporting

                        The Company updated its climate-related metrics and targets report for FY2023. The report has been guided by
                        the pronouncements of the Taskforce on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and IFRS (International
                        Financial Reporting Standards) S2 International Sustainability Disclosure Standard recently issued by IFRS
                        Foundation. Disclosure under the standard is not mandatory in Australia and the Company’s disclosures continue
                        to evolve with a view to stepping towards compliance when standards become mandatory, which based on
                        Federal Government consultation is expected to be required for Cedar Woods by FY2027. The Company’s
                        climate report can be found here: www.cedarwoods.com.au/Our-Company/Sustainability_


                                                                                    




For personal use only
                             Carbon Footprint mapping and carbon                        Introducing 100% carbon offset paper supplies
                                                                                        across all operations
                             reduction plan
                                                                                       Minimising paper use by the implementation
                             After undertaking its first carbon footprint               documents and processes such as identity
                                                                                        verification
                             mapping in FY2022, the Company rolled out a
                             carbon reduction strategy across its state             Details are on page 32 and in the climate
                                                                                    report.
                             offices and sales offices. This has involved
                             initiatives such as:                                   In addition, in conjunction with the Urban
                                                                                    Development Institute of Australia,
                                 Establishing certified Green Power at sales       Development WA and other industry
                                  offices across the portfolio. By signing up       participants, the Company is working to map
                                  for Green Power, energy used at the sales         the carbon footprint associated with select
                                  offices is certified by the energy providers      projects (civil works construction and built
                                  as being 100% renewable from
                                  government accredited sources                     form). Upon defining the main contributors to
                                 Opting for 100% carbon offsets on all             green house gases it will implement reduction
                                  business flights                                  strategies in future project delivery.




                        Cedar Woods launches Eglinton Community
                        Energy Sharing Network

                        At Eglinton Village (WA), the Company will host
                        the first Community Energy Sharing Network in
                        Western Australia.
                        This initiative, facilitated by licensed electricity
                        provider Eglinton Village Energy (a subsidiary of
                        Zenith Energy), will give households the option to
                        communally store and share renewable energy to
                        power their homes via rooftop solar panels and a
                        community battery. With no upfront or ongoing
                        maintenance costs, buyers will pay 20% less for their
                        electricity consumption and reduce their carbon
                        footprint by using at least 50% solar energy. The
                        Company is committed to planning for tomorrow and
                        delivering long-term environmental and social
                        benefits through such initiatives, which are well
                        aligned to its broader ESG strategy.




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023   25
                           Environmental Regeneration

                           Ellendale (QLD) saw continuation of revegetation     320 nesting boxes and 120 metres of fauna
                           works, where over 40% of the project site is         underpasses.
                           reserved for open space and retained natural
                                                                                Bushmead (WA) saw continuation of revegetation
                           bushland. Almost 60 hectares of green space has
                                                                                works, including stream restoration, protection area
                           already been dedicated to Brisbane City Council
                                                                                management and revegetation, with approximately
                           including restored habitat, wildlife corridors and
                                                                                59,300 seedlings planted during the year.
                           ecological buffers, including the relocation of
                           native plants and planting of more than 180,000      The Company has maintained compliance with
                           new trees, shrubs and ground covers. Wildlife        Commonwealth and State environmental approvals
                           infrastructure and linkages have also been           for all projects throughout their delivery, with annual
                           established, including 64 squirrel glider poles,     compliance audits completed.




For personal use only
                           Site revegetation at Bushmead




                             Before


                                                                                                                                       After




                                                                                      Sustainable Buildings

                                                                                      The Company’s longstanding commitment to
                                                                                      environmental and social responsibility is reflected
                                                                                      with many projects incorporating sustainable
                                                                                      housing and communities. We recognise that our
                                                                                      customers are becoming more environmentally
                                                                                      conscious and are increasingly expecting energy
                                                                                      efficient features in their homes. Ultimately, it’s
                                                                                      important to them that we reduce ongoing costs and
                                                                                      lessen our impacts on the environment. Monarch
                                                                                      Apartments (SA), located in Cedar Woods’
                                                                                      Glenside estate, was strategically designed with
                                                                                      this growing purchaser preference front of mind.
                                                                                      The 49 apartments achieved a 7.7 star Nationwide
                                                                                      House Energy Scheme (NatHERS) energy rating.
                                                                                      The NatHERS rating categorises this apartment in
                                                                                      the top 35% of energy efficient apartment buildings
                                                                                      across Australia (CSIRO) 2022).




                 26 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        3. OUR ESG APPROACH

                        ESG approach            Response /        Progress and outcomes in FY2023
                                                policies

                         3.1   Governance       Governance        The Board is committed to the highest standards of corporate governance, details
                                                Framework         of which may be found in the 2023 Corporate Governance Statement at
                                                                  www.cedarwoods.com.au/Our-Company/Governance.

                         3.1.1 Effective        Board &           The Board has two committees which oversee ESG priorities:
                               leadership       Committees,
                                                Executive Team       The Audit and Risk Management Committee is responsible for financial
                                                                      reporting, risk management (including ‘ESG risks’) and external audit;
                                                                     The Remuneration and Nominations Committee is responsible for matters
                                                                      relating to Board composition, human resources, remuneration (including ESG
                                                                      link to incentives for executives), succession, inclusion and diversity.
                                                                  The Company’s management is structured for effective leadership that is consistent
                                                                  with corporate standards and promotes a strong corporate culture. The Executive
                                                                  Team is the Company’s most senior management body and is responsible for




For personal use only
                                                                  preparing and implementing the Corporate Plan and managing operations.

                         3.1.2 Risk             Risk Management The Audit and Risk Management Committee oversees risk management, with a
                               management       Framework       focus on more significant risks, including ESG risks. It has adopted a Risk
                                                                Management Policy Framework which incorporates a range of tools to assist in the
                                                                identification, management, and monitoring of risks in the business.
                                                                  The Board conducts regular reviews of the risk management framework structure,
                                                                  with the last performed in FY2023.

                         3.1.3 Cyber security   Cyber security    Cedar Woods places the highest priority on the security and confidentiality of our customer
                                                strategy, IT      and company data.
                                                security policy   In FY2023, the Company conducted supply chain reviews, external penetration
                                                                  testing and a comprehensive internal review with strong positive results.

                         3.1.4 Ethics &         Code of Conduct The Code of Conduct is a comprehensive set of standards of conduct expected of
                               Policies         and corporate   all employees, including Directors. The Company has zero tolerance for corrupt
                                                policies        practices and has a proactive approach to ethics and accountability throughout its
                                                                policies and practices. The Board has oversight of ethics and culture.
                                                                  A list of the Company’s published policies are in the appendix and details can be
                                                                  found on our website at www.cedarwoods.com.au/Our-Company/Governance

                         3.1.5 Shareholder      Shareholder       Returns to shareholders are detailed in the ‘Financial Performance Highlights’ on
                               value            returns           page 8 of the annual report.

                                                Shareholder &     In November 2022 we provided a ‘hybrid’ form of AGM in which shareholders could
                                                Investor facing   participate in person or join the meeting online. At the AGM, all resolutions were
                                                policies          supported by shareholders.

                         3.1.6 Funding          Equity and debt   The Company maintains a corporate finance facility provided by 3 of the ‘Big-4’
                                                funding           banks. During FY2023 the term was extended to 30 January 2026 for the 3-year
                                                                  facility ($264m) and to 30 January 2028 for the 5-year facility ($66m).

                                                Capital           Cedar Woods has established a capital partnering strategy for certain projects
                                                partnerships      which has the following benefits:
                                                                     Ability to expand into additional projects
                                                                     Managing risk exposure
                                                                     Builds development management capability
                                                                     Diversifies sources of finance
                                                                     Learnings gained from capital partners
                                                                  In early 2023 Cedar Woods established a capital partnership with Tokyo Gas Real
                                                                  Estate Australia Pty Ltd (TGRE) to develop Banksia Apartments at Glenside, SA. A
                                                                  joint venture was also entered into (subject to conditions precedent) with QIC Real
                                                                  Estate to jointly develop land owned by QIC adjacent to Robina Town Centre in
                                                                  SEQ.




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023           27
                        ESG approach            Response /             Progress and outcomes in FY2023
                                                policies

                         3.2      Land          Pipeline of projects   The Company’s project portfolio is a key asset. The Company continues to
                                                                       invest into its project pipeline providing capacity and visibility on future earnings
                                                                       and returns to shareholders.

                         3.2.1    Investment    Acquisitions           The Company has developed a strategy to guide its acquisition program
                                  in pipeline   strategy               and achieve its objective of targeting properties that meet a range of
                                                incorporates ESG       financial, urban planning and environmental requirements, prioritising
                                                objectives             transit-oriented development opportunities, enabling the creation of
                                                                       sustainable communities.
                                                                       During the year the Company extended its land holding at Henley Brook, WA
                                                                       with the acquisition of land which will yield a further 42 lots and finalised the
                                                                       acquisition of 39.7 ha at Fieldstone, Vic, expected to yield over 500 lots.

                         3.2.2    Product       Diversity by           The Company offers a range of housing choices diversified by geography,
                                  diversity     geography, product     product type and price point, so that it continues to perform well in a range of
                                                & price point          market conditions. In the current product range there are land lots, townhouses,
                                                                       apartments and commercial units, ranging in price from $135,000 to




For personal use only
                                                                       $1,995,000.

                         3.2.3 Product value    Accommodative          During FY23 the Company launched a new concept in over-55 living with
                               and innovation   designs and            the Bloom apartments in Adelaide. Bloom is designed to incorporate the
                                                energy efficiency      amenities and features to support freedom and choice in retirement. The
                                                                       homes remain 100% owned by residents, meaning all capital growth is
                                                                       retained by the purchaser. Stage 1 of 59 apartments is over 80% sold.
                                                                       In WA, Cedar Woods launched Eglinton Village. This modern coastal
                                                                       community will eventually be home to 1,200 families and incorporates a
                                                                       leading - edge Community Energy Sharing Network, leading to greater
                                                                       energy efficiency and security.

                         3.3     People         Culture                Our strategic priority is to create a progressive, high-spirited work
                                                                       environment with strong staff alignment to values and objectives, where top
                                                                       talent works collaboratively, and high performance is rewarded.

                         3.3.1 People           Retention and      Consistent with our corporate value ‘We are people developers’, we value our
                               development      Career Progression people and their long-term success and, therefore, we seek opportunities to
                                                                   keep them engaged and develop professionally. To this purpose, we focus on
                                                                   internal career development and promotion, enabling staff to develop new skills,
                                                                   broaden their exposure and build relationships across the Company.

                                                                       During FY2023 management focused on the ‘Employee Value Proposition’
                                                                       (EVP) and introduced additional training, career development, HR capability
                                                                       and employee benefits with a view to strengthening the Company’s EVP in
                                                                       the highly competitive jobs market and assisting in staff retention.

                         3.3.2 Opportunity,     Equal Opportunity      We are committed to a positive, diverse and inclusive workplace which
                               diversity &      Policy in place        encourages strong and productive relationships and provides access to
                               inclusion                               equal opportunity at work.




                 28 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        ESG approach             Response /             Progress and outcomes in FY2023
                                                 policies

                         3.3.2 Opportunity,      Diversity &            We have established a Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) Committee to support our
                               diversity &       Inclusion Policy in    efforts in achieving a more diverse workforce (which includes gender as well
                               inclusion         place                  as other areas such as ethnicity, religion, and sexual orientation). The
                                                                        committee is chaired and comprised of staff members and has established a
                                                                        charter and series of priorities and objectives to advance the diversity and
                                                                        inclusion agenda and monitor and measure progress on D&I activities and
                                                                        engagement outcomes.
                                                                        The proportion of women employees currently sits at 49%. The number of
                                                                        women in senior management is currently at 35%. The number of women on
                                                                        the Board is two out of six, or 33%. The Company continues to implement
                                                                        recruitment and development strategies to increase the number of women in
                                                                        the executive team, noting the low proportion of women in the development
                                                                        industry and low rate of staff turnover in the team.



                        Gender diversity




For personal use only
                          3.3.3 Work, health &   Occupational WHS        Senior management is accountable for the health and safety performance
                                safety           system                  across the Company’s portfolio of projects and targets zero reportable
                                wellbeing                                incidents resulting in serious injury under the relevant Occupational Health
                                                                         & Safety Act in CWP premises or sites, as a result of failure of the
                                                                         company’s Work, Health & Safety system. There were no such incidents in
                                                                         FY2023.
                                                                         The Board receives regular reporting on the Company’s WHS risks and
                                                                         performance and attends on-site briefings as part of WHS monitoring.
                                                                         Audits are performed annually of the WHS compliance at state operations.

                                                                         The Company promotes a strong health and safety culture with access to
                                                                         mental health support services as part of its wellbeing program as well as
                                                                         providing staff with other free health services. For further details go to
                                                                         www.cedarwoods.com.au/Careers/Employee-Benefits
                          3.3.4 Employee         Employee                We undertake surveys to gauge staff satisfaction. This measure represents
                                satisfaction     satisfaction surveys    the level of enthusiasm and connection staff have with the Company. It’s a
                                                                         measure of how motivated and committed people are in the business.
                                                                         Staff satisfaction is currently 81% which compares favourably with national
                                                                         industry benchmarks. Only 5% of staff were dissatisfied, with 13% neutral.
                                                                         Feedback from the survey will be used to improve retention, training, reward
                                                                         and recognition programs.
                          3.4   Customers        Customer Service        Customers are at the centre of everything we do. Our Customer Service
                                                 function                function is set up to provide a high standard end-to-end experience through
                                                                         the customer journey.
                          3.4.1 Customer         Customer surveys        Customer engagement is driven through various physical and digital
                                engagement                               platforms and our Customer Service function provides customers with
                                                                         product guidance, assistance and issues resolution. The quality of customer
                                                                         experience is measured by net promoter score (NPS) surveys conducted at
                                                                         relevant projects during the year.

                                                                         In FY2023 the average / collective NPS score was +5, indicating positive
                                                                         customer experience across our projects. FY2023 NPS scores were
                                                                         impacted by supply chain constraints and escalating costs which caused
                                                                         the Company to cancel or delay delivery of projects in certain locations.



                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023         29
                        ESG approach            Response /              Progress and outcomes in FY23
                                                policies
                         3.4.2 Customer         Affordable dwellings,   We take an inclusive approach to our customers by offering a range of
                               inclusion        Special Disability      products and price points. These products include offerings that meet
                                                Housing, Pathway to     diverse community needs, including affordability, disability access and
                                                Retirement              transition to retirement. In FY2023, approx. 25% of homes/lots delivered
                                                                        met our Affordable Price Point, relevant to the Capital City in which they
                                                                        are located, meaning they are affordable to moderate income families. We
                                                                        also provided 9 special disability accommodation units at Lincoln
                                                                        Apartments and commenced sales of 59 Over-55’s units at the Bloom
                                                                        Apartments.
                         3.4.3 Digital          Digital strategy        Cedar Woods continues to advance its Digital Strategy, with a key focus on
                               transformation                           digital marketing platforms, coupled with data enrichment services, that
                                                                        have boosted the volume and quality of sales enquiries.
                                                                        All the Company’s sales contracts are exchanged electronically, with
                                                                        system improvements further increasing the efficiency of the sale to
                                                                        settlement process.

                         3.5   Supply chain     Fair and ethical        The Company is committed to ethical, accountable and transparent
                                                procurement             procurement that maintains probity and fairness. To achieve balanced




For personal use only
                                                                        environmental, social and economic outcomes, we rely on our network of
                                                                        diverse and multidisciplinary suppliers. When delivering our projects, our
                                                                        suppliers contribute to decisions on innovation and cost efficiency, while
                                                                        maintaining quality outcomes.

                         3.5.1 Modern slavery   Modern slavery          Our Modern Slavery Policy and risk management system addresses our
                                                policy and              approach to identifying modern slavery risk and steps for mitigating
                                                management              modern slavery and human trafficking in our operations. Our Modern
                                                                        Slavery policy and latest Modern Slavery Statement are available at
                                                                        www.cedarwoods.com.au/Our-Company/Governance.
                                                                        Our latest report indicated no incidents of slavery were evident in the
                                                                        Company’s supply chain or operations.
                         3.5.2 Contractor       Quality reviews         The Company continues to periodically undertake comprehensive
                               quality                                  contractor reviews. Evaluation criteria include overall quality, timeliness,
                                                                        cost efficiency, etc. Material suppliers are assessed for financial health and
                                                                        modern slavery risk as part of the on-boarding process and prior to the
                                                                        issue of significant new contracts.
                         3.5.3 Payment terms    Supplier payment        We also support the payment of our suppliers on fair payment terms.
                                                monitoring              Based on the Company’s 2023 Payment Times Reporting 95.6% of our
                                                                        suppliers were paid within 30 days compared to 78.7% for the Land
                                                                        Development & Subdivision Group on the PTRS public register.

                         3.6 Communities        Community               One of our Values, ‘Creating Community Connection’, recognises that our
                                                Connection              projects bring people together, fostering connections that enrich the lives of
                                                                        people through the places we create.
                         3.6.1 Community        Activation &            We create value for our communities through our direct provision of
                               amenity          sponsorship             amenities, infrastructure public spaces and jobs. We implement resident
                                                                        onboarding initiatives and community grants for local community groups.
                                                                        In FY2023 we donated $55,000 to local community groups connected to
                                                                        the districts in which we operate.

                         3.6.2 Heritage         Protecting heritage     Often, we inherit a legacy from older communities, in the form or land or
                                                                        buildings with indigenous or cultural heritage significance. We maintain a
                                                                        strong track record of respecting heritage through restoration, recognition,
                                                                        project themes and branding. In FY2023 the historic convent at Greville
                                                                        was repurposed for a childcare facility and the laundry converted to a sales
                                                                        centre, which will ultimately be converted to housing.
                         3.6.3 Culture          Traditional Owners      During FY2023 the Diversity & Inclusion Committee established a
                                                Action Plan             Traditional Owners Action Plan with four pillars, to guide staff in
                                                                        Acknowledgment of Country protocols, engagement with Traditional
                                                                        Owners, developing a framework for recognising and incorporating
                                                                        Traditional Owner history and culture at company projects and providing
                                                                        for understanding, education and cultural awareness.




                 30 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        ESG approach            Response /               Progress and outcomes in FY23
                                                policies
                         3.6.4 Social           Our Broader              In 2021 the Company formed a national community partnership with The
                               responsibility   Community – The          Smith Family – Australia’s leading children’s education charity. Our
                                                Smith Family             partnership aims to assist disadvantaged Australian Children get the most
                                                Partnership              out of their education and provides our staff the opportunity to be involved in
                                                                         activities supporting this worthwhile cause.

                         3.7   Environment                               The Company has a track record of environmental excellence across its
                                                Environmental and        projects, reflected by numerous national and state industry awards won for
                               and climate
                                                climate change policy    its projects. The Company continues to deliver strong environmental
                               change
                                                                         performance, through its ESG Strategy, as well as expanding this to
                                                                         address climate considerations. Past ESG reports can be found on our
                                                                         Sustainability webpage www.cedarwoods.com.au/Our-
                                                                         Company/Sustainability_. The Environmental management and climate
                                                                         change policy is available at www.cedarwoods.com.au/Our-
                                                                         Company/Governance
                         3.7.1 Governance                             Priorities and targets relating to climate-related risks and opportunities are
                                                Audit and Risk        detailed in the company’s ESG Strategy.
                                                Management Committee
                                                                      There are two principal Board Committees which oversee a range of ESG




For personal use only
                                                Remuneration and      priorities:
                                                Nominations Committee  Audit and Risk Management Committee (see Risk Management)
                                                                            Remuneration and Nominations Committee. ESG priorities, including
                                                ESG / Climate Leads
                                                                             climate considerations, extend to senior executive accountability and
                                                Committee
                                                                             performance (key performance indicators), tied to remuneration.
                                                Balanced Scorecard       Board oversight is provided through its Balanced Scorecard, which includes
                                                                         ESG Performance including climate considerations.
                                                                         At management level, the national ESG/Climate Leads Committee provides
                                                                         coordination of climate-related deliverables across each project state. This
                                                                         Committee is chaired by the company’s Chief Operating Officer and
                                                                         facilitated by the Company Secretary and Director of Sustainability.

                         3.7.2 Strategy         The company’s ESG        The Company’s ESG Strategy outlines significant climate related risks and
                                                strategy identifies      opportunities which have potential to affect its business model, strategy,
                                                climate- related risks   cash-flow, access to finance and cost of capital.
                                                and opportunities; and   Continuing to execute the company’s ESG Strategy, which provides the
                                                the impact of climate-   framework to transition to lower carbon emissions (both operational and
                                                related risks and        project-based), ensures new projects are resilient to physical climate
                                                opportunities on the     change risks, and that we are on track in for an orderly transition to a low
                                                company’s business       carbon economy.
                                                and strategy.

                         3.7.3 Risk             Risk Management          We assess climate-related risk within the company’s risk management
                               Management       Framework / Risk         framework
                                                Register                 The Company’s Risk Management Framework aims to drive consistency in
                                                                         the identification, assessment, management, mitigation and monitoring of
                                                                         risk to the business.
                                                                         Decision making is guided by comprehensive risk management, together
                                                                         with risk mitigation strategies, where necessary.

                         3.7.4 Metrics and      ESG Strategy             Metrics used to assess climate-related risks and opportunities, in line with
                               Targets                                   our ESG Strategy and risk management process are disclosed in our
                                                                         Climate-Related Metrics & Targets at www.cedarwoods.com.au/Our-
                                                                         Company/Sustainability_
                                                                         The results of our 2023 carbon footprint mapping are shown in the results
                                                                         box on page 32. The metrics, targets and FY23 progress for our
                                                                         Greenhouse Gas emissions are presented in our Climate-Related Metrics
                                                                         & Targets at www.cedarwoods.com.au/Our-Company/Sustainability_




                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023          31
                        FY2023 net Greenhouse Gas Emissions (t-CO2-e)
                         Corporate operations                    Scope 1 & 2*                  Scope 3#                        Total

                         State offices                                 41                         856                           897

                         Sales offices                                 29                         183                           212

                         Shopping centre                              437                         432                           869

                                                                      507                        1,471                         1,978

                        * Direct emissions from refrigerants and from the generation of purchased electricity
                        # Other emissions outside scope 1 and 2 such as water use, waste generation, purchased goods and air travel.
                        Emissions calculated by independent consultants from company data. Further details are in the climate report at
                        www.cedarwoods.com.au/Our-Company/Sustainability_




For personal use only




                 32 Cedar Woods Properties Limited                                                                               Fletchers Slip, Port Adelaide SA
                        4. KEY ACTIVITIES FOR FY2024

                        Our key activities over the next 12 months are:


                        Governance and funding

                        Funding                           Maintain our corporate lines of credit with the major banks.
                                                          Continue to execute on capital partnership strategy in new projects

                        Cyber security                    Continue to improve our cyber security posture through continued user
                                                          education and improving preventative technical controls.

                        Digital Transformation            Execute digital projects that will optimise systems integrations under a single
                                                          platform, providing robust data exchange, better, more timely reporting and
                                                          increased automation.

                        Land




For personal use only
                        Investment in pipeline            Continue to invest in our project pipeline in accordance with our acquisition
                                                          strategy and in capital partnerships and joint ventures with our partners.

                        Product innovation                Continue to innovate in the areas of Special Disability Accommodation, Over-
                                                          55s retirement and affordable housing. Energy efficiency will continue to be
                                                          pursued in our residential and commercial projects.

                        People                            Continue to attract, engage and retain a high-performance work force. We will
                                                          refresh our careers page on our website, improve our induction program and
                                                          benchmark the range of benefits provided to staff. Staff development will be
                                                          enhanced by broadening the range of on-line learning available. We will
                                                          improve our goal - setting and performance management techniques.

                        Customers                         Implement programs to enhance customer experience and improve resources
                                                          available to customers and builders on our websites.

                        Supply chain                      Continue to work with our key suppliers to monitor ongoing work, health and
                                                          safety compliance, financial health, cyber resilience, modern slavery risk
                                                          management, quality of product and value for money.

                        Communities                       Maintain our sponsorship of The Smith Family and reach out to assist our local
                                                          communities with further investment in our community grants program.

                        Environment and climate

                        Carbon Reduction                  Continue to implement our carbon reduction plan to reduce our carbon footprint.
                                                          In FY2024, in conjunction with UDIA and other industry stakeholders we plan to
                                                          finalise the methodology to measure the carbon footprint of creating a land
                                                          subdivision and assess its viability.




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023    33
                        5. CHARTERS AND POLICY LIST

                        Charters                                              Download

                        Audit and Risk Management Committee Charter


                        Board Charter


                        Remuneration and Nominations Committee Charter



                        Policies                                             Download
                                                                              Download

                        Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy

                        Conflicts of Interest Policy




For personal use only
                        Continuous Disclosure Policy

                        Diversity and Inclusion Policy

                        Environmental Management and Climate Change Policy

                        Investor Communications

                        Modern Slavery Policy

                        Performance Evaluation Policies

                        Primary Objectives and Company Code of Conduct

                        Privacy Policy

                        Risk Management Policy and Internal Compliance

                        Securities Trading Policy

                        Whistleblower Policy



                        Corporate Governance Statement                        Download

                        Appendix 4G and Corporate Governance Statement




                 34 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Your directors present their report on the consolidated entity consisting of Cedar Woods Properties Limited (‘the
                        company’ or ‘Cedar Woods’) and the entities it controlled (together ‘the consolidated entity’ or ‘group’) at the end
                        of, or during, the year ended 30 June 2023.

                        a. Directors

                        The following persons were directors of Cedar Woods during the whole of the financial year and up to the date of
                        this report, except where stated:

                        William George Hames (Chairman)

                        Robert Stanley Brown (Deputy Chairman)

                        Valerie Anne Davies (Independent Director)




For personal use only
                        Jane Mary Muirsmith (Independent Director)

                        Paul Gilbert Say (Independent Director)

                        Nathan John Blackburne (Managing Director)

                        The qualifications, experience and other details of the directors in office at the date of this report appear on pages
                        36 to 38 of this report.
                        b. Principal activities

                        The principal continuing activities of the consolidated entity over the course of the year ended 30 June 2023 were
                        that of property developer and investor and no significant change in the nature of those activities took place
                        during the year.

                        c. Dividends

                        Dividends paid to members during the financial year were as follows:
                                                                                                                           2023            2022
                                                                                                                          $’000           $’000

                        Final fully franked ordinary dividend for the year ended 30 June 2022 of 14.5 cents              11,921          10,756
                        (2021 – 13.5 cents) per fully paid share, paid on 28 October 2022 (2021 – 29 October 2021)

                        Interim fully franked ordinary dividend for the year ended 30 June 2023 of 13.0 cents            10,687          10,677
                        (2022 – 13.0 cents) per fully paid share, paid on 28 April 2023 (2022 – 29 April 2022)

                                                                                                                         22,608          21,433

                        Since the end of the financial year the directors have recommended the payment of a final fully franked ordinary
                        dividend of 7.0 cents (2022 - 14.5 cents per share) to be paid on 27 October 2023 out of retained profits at 30
                        June 2023.

                        d. Financial and operating review

                        Information on the operations and financial position of the group and its business strategies and prospects is set
                        out in the financial and operating review, commencing on page 13 of this annual financial report.

                        e. Business strategies and prospects for future financial years

                        The consolidated entity will continue property development operations in Western Australia, Victoria, Queensland
                        and South Australia.

                        Cedar Woods is well positioned moving into FY2024 with strong pre-sales, modest debt, substantial funding
                        capacity and a diverse portfolio of well-located developments.



                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023        35
                        f.   Significant changes in the state of affairs

                        There were no significant changes in the state of affairs of the consolidated entity during the year.

                        g. Matters subsequent to the end of the financial year

                        Refer to item (c) of this Directors’ Report for details of the dividend recommended by directors since the end of
                        the financial year.

                        No other matters or circumstances have arisen since 30 June 2023 that have significantly affected or may
                        significantly affect:

                            the consolidated entity’s operations in future financial years; or
                            the results of those operations in future financial years; or
                            the consolidated entity’s state of affairs in future financial years.

                        h. Likely developments and expected results of operations

                        Beyond the comments at items (d) and (e), further information on likely developments in the operations of the




For personal use only
                        consolidated entity and the expected results of operations have not been included in this report because the
                        directors believe it would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the consolidated entity.

                        i.   Environmental regulation

                        To the best of the directors’ knowledge, the group complies with the requirements of environmental legislation in
                        respect of its developments and obtains the planning approvals required prior to clearing or development of land
                        under the laws of the relevant states. There have been no instances of non-compliance during the year and up to
                        the date of this report.

                        j.   Information on directors

                        Mr William G Hames, B Arch (Hons) MCU (Harvard) LFRAIA, MPIA, FAPI (Econ)

                            Chairman of the Board of directors, non-executive director

                        Mr Hames was appointed on 23 March 1990 and brings substantial property experience to the Board. He is a co-
                        founder of Cedar Woods, an architect and town planner by profession, and received a Masters Degree in City
                        Planning and Urban Design from the Harvard Graduate School of Design, at Harvard University in Boston. He
                        worked in the US property development market before returning to Australia in 1975 and establishing Hames
                        Sharley Australia, an architectural and town planning consulting company.

                        Other current listed company directorships and former listed company directorships in the last three years:
                        None.

                        Mr Robert S Brown, MAICD, AIFS

                            Deputy Chairman of the Board of directors, non-executive director
                        Mr Brown was appointed to the Board on 18 August 1988. He is Executive Chairman of Westland Group Holdings
                        Pty Ltd, with responsibilities in mining and venture capital. He is a past president of the Federation of Building
                        Societies of WA and has participated in and chaired various Western Australian government advisory committees
                        related to the housing industry. Mr Brown brings to the Board his diversified experience as a director of these
                        companies and other listed entities.

                        Other current listed company directorships and former listed company directorships in the last three years:
                        None.




                 36 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        Ms Valerie A Davies, FAICD

                           Non-executive director
                           Chair of the Remuneration and Nominations Committee
                           Member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
                        Ms Davies was appointed to the Board on 21 September 2015. She is a professional company director with broad
                        experience across the spectrum of public and private companies, government boards and community
                        organisations. Apart from Cedar Woods Properties Limited, she is also currently a non-executive director of ASX-
                        listed EVT Limited.
                        Ms Davies previous Board positions include HBF, lluka Resources, ASG Group, and Integrated Group (now
                        Programmed), Tourism Western Australia, Tourism Australia, Gold Corporation and the TAB (WA), as well as
                        Screenwest and Fremantle Hospital & Health Service. Ms Davies has substantial experience serving on risk
                        management and remuneration committees in listed companies.
                        Apart from the boardroom Ms Davies' career spans more than 30 years across a range of industries including
                        media, marketing and television production. A specialist provider of communications and strategic issues




For personal use only
                        management services, she has worked at the highest level with numerous tier 1 national and international
                        business organisations addressing the complexities of issues management, communications, coaching and
                        mentoring.
                        Ms Davies is a member of Chief Executive Women (CEW), a former Telstra Business Woman of the Year (WA)
                        and a past Vice-President of the Australian Institute of Company Directors (WA).
                        Ms Davies is a non-executive, independent Director.
                        Other current listed company directorships and former listed company directorships in the last three years:
                        EVT Limited.

                        Mrs Jane M Muirsmith, B Com (Hons), FCA, GAICD

                           Non-executive director
                           Chair of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
                           Member of the Remuneration and Nominations Committee
                        Mrs Muirsmith was appointed to the Board on 2 October 2017. She is an accomplished digital and marketing
                        strategist, having held several executive positions in Sydney, Melbourne, Perth and New York.
                        She is Managing Director of Lenox Hill, a digital strategy and advisory firm and is a non-executive director of
                        Australian Finance Group Limited (AFG), the Telethon Kids Institute and Chair of Healthdirect Australia. Mrs
                        Muirsmith has substantial experience serving on and chairing the audit, risk and compliance committees in the
                        above companies.
                        Mrs Muirsmith is a Graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors and a Fellow of Chartered
                        Accountants in Australia and New Zealand, with an audit and accounting background together with deep
                        expertise in digital transformation. Mrs Muirsmith is a member of the Ambassadorial Council UWA Business
                        School and is a former President of the Women’s Advisory Council to the WA Government.
                        Mrs Muirsmith is a non-executive, independent Director.
                        Other current listed company directorships and former listed company directorships in the last three years:
                        Australian Finance Group Limited.

                        Mr Paul G Say, FRICS, FAPI

                           Non-executive director
                           Member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
                           Member of the Remuneration and Nominations Committee
                        Mr Say was appointed to the Board on 3 May 2021. With over 40 years of experience in the commercial and
                        residential property sector, Mr Say brings strong corporate finance, capital allocation and investment
                        management capability to the Cedar Woods’ Board. Mr Say was previously Chief Investment Officer at Dexus
                        Property Group and Head of Corporate Finance with Lendlease Corporation. Mr Say currently chairs the boards
                        of Mirvac Wholesale Office Fund and Cameron Brae Group and sits on the board of Women’s Community
                        Shelters.


                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023    37
                        Mr Say is a qualified property valuer and has a Graduate Diploma in Finance and Investment and a Graduate
                        Diploma in Financial Planning. He is a Fellow of the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors, Fellow of the
                        Australian Property Institute and a Licensed Real Estate Agent (NSW, VIC and QLD).
                        Located in NSW, Mr Say has substantial experience serving on risk management committees and holds strong
                        networks across the property and finance sectors.
                        Mr Say is a non-executive, independent Director.

                        Other current listed company directorships and former listed company directorships in the last three years:
                        ALE Property Group and Frasers Logistics & Industrial Fund.

                        Mr Nathan J Blackburne, BB (Curtin), AMP (Harvard), GAICD

                               Managing Director, executive director
                        Mr Blackburne was appointed to the Board on 18 September 2017. He has worked since 1993 in various sectors
                        of the property industry including valuations, asset management, commercial leasing and property development.
                        He commenced his career with Cedar Woods in 2002 with the mandate to establish and grow the company in




For personal use only
                        Melbourne. Starting off as State Manager for Victoria, he later led the expansion of the company into Brisbane
                        and Adelaide to become State Manager for Victoria, Queensland and South Australia.

                        In 2016, Mr Blackburne was appointed as Chief Operating Officer for the company and in September 2017 was
                        appointed to the position of Managing Director.
                        Mr Blackburne has a Bachelor of Business degree majoring in Valuations and Land Economics and is a Graduate
                        of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. He is also a Graduate of Harvard Business School in Boston
                        having completed their Advanced Management Program.
                        Other current listed company directorships and former listed company directorships in the last three years:
                        None.

                        Company Secretary
                        The Company Secretary is Mr Paul S Freedman, BSc, CA, GAICD. Mr Freedman was appointed to the position
                        on 24 June 1998. He is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Australia and New Zealand and is
                        a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. He brings to the company a background of thirty
                        years in financial management in the property industry, preceded by employment in senior roles with major
                        accountancy firms.

                        k. Shares under option
                        (i)          Unissued ordinary shares
                        Unissued ordinary shares of Cedar Woods under option at the date of this report are as follows:

                              Date options granted                       Number under option        Exercise price          Expiry date

                              2 November 2022                            26,409                           zero             30 June 2025

                        The options were issued to the Managing Director under the deferred short term incentive plan. No option holder
                        has any right under the options to participate in any other share issue of the Company or any other entity. No
                        options were granted to the directors or any KMP of the company since the end of the financial year.

                        (ii)         Shares issued on the exercise of options

                        The following ordinary shares of Cedar Woods were issued to the Managing Director during the year ended 30
                        June 2023 on the exercise of options granted under the deferred short term incentive plan. No further shares
                        have been issued since that date. No amounts are unpaid on any of the shares.

                              Date options granted                       Issue Price of Shares   Number of shares issued

                              3 November 2021                            $5.40                   32,182




                 38 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        l.   Directors’ interests in shares
                        Directors’ relevant interests in shares of Cedar Woods at the date of this report, as defined by sections 608 and
                        609 of the Corporations Act 2001, are as follows:

                         Director                                                                                  Interest in ordinary shares
                         William G Hames                                                                                           10,861,980

                         Robert S Brown                                                                                             7,618,633

                         Valerie A Davies                                                                                              26,000

                         Jane M Muirsmith                                                                                              21,914

                         Paul G Say                                                                                                    34,832

                         Nathan J Blackburne                                                                                          167,885

                        Nathan J Blackburne also has an interest in zero-price options under the deferred short term incentive plan and




For personal use only
                        performance rights under the executive long term incentive plan, details of which are set out in the remuneration
                        report within this report.

                        m. Committees of the Board
                        As at the date of this report Cedar Woods had the following committees of the Board:

                         Audit and Risk Management Committee                       Remuneration and Nominations Committee
                         J M Muirsmith (Chair)                                     V A Davies (Chair)

                         P G Say                                                   P G Say

                         V A Davies                                                J M Muirsmith


                        n. Meetings of directors
                        The following table sets out the numbers of meetings of the company’s directors (including meetings of
                        committees of directors) held during the year ended 30 June 2023, and the numbers of meetings attended by
                        each director:

                                                      Board meetings                      Meetings of Committees
                                                                         Audit and Risk Management       Remuneration and Nominations

                         Number of meetings held:            12                      5                                   6

                         W G Hames                           11                      -*                                  4*

                         R S Brown                           12                      -*                                  3*

                         V A Davies                          12                      5                                   6

                         J M Muirsmith                       12                      5                                   6

                         P G Say                             11                      5                                   6

                         N J Blackburne                      12                      5*                                  6*


                        *Not a member of this committee




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023       39
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT: LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS FROM THE CHAIR OF
                        THE REMUNERATION & NOMINATIONS COMMITTEE (THE COMMITTEE)

                        Dear Shareholders,

                        FY2023 has seen changes to the remuneration landscape as the broad economy responds to the challenges
                        presented by post pandemic disruptions, higher inflation, global increases in interest rates and continued
                        competition for talent. In the Financial and Operating Review section we detail how Cedar Woods’ operations
                        have performed in this environment and how these influences are reflected in the executive remuneration ‘at-risk’
                        pay outcomes in section r) of this report.

                        In seeking to align shareholders’ expectations regarding incentives, pay and performance, we continue to engage
                        with shareholders and proxy advisers to ensure best practice with all our stakeholders. Please find below the
                        main remuneration outcomes for the year and further details are provided in the Remuneration Report.




For personal use only
                         Review of the       In FY2023, assisted by external independent consultants, the Committee reviewed executive
                         executive           remuneration levels and structures against the market, thereby ensuring that remuneration levels and
                         remuneration        structures are competitive in an environment where the competition for talent continues to be very high
                         framework           around the country, while Boards are looking to show restraint in remuneration outcomes in the face of
                                             an inflationary economy.

                         Fixed               For FY2023 the Managing Director’s (MD’s) fixed remuneration was increased by a moderate 4.4%
                         remuneration        over the previous year, with similar increases for the other executives, the Committee taking the view
                                             that this was appropriate given the circumstances prevailing as noted above.

                         Short-term          The FY2023 STI opportunity for the Managing Director, which is based on a percentage of fixed
                         incentives          remuneration, was therefore also increased proportionately, with moderate increases for the other
                         (“STIs”)            executives. The Company balanced scorecard that determines STI awards, underwent minimal
                                             changes in FY2023. Scorecard sections are grouped into financial and non-financial categories, within
                                             the relevant strategic priority areas. Part of the Managing Director’s STI is deferred into equity as
                                             detailed later in this report.

                         Long-term           The LTI plan continues to operate for the executives and has two vesting conditions: a) a three year
                         incentives          service condition and b) two performance conditions measured over a three year period: 50% of the LTI
                         (“LTIs”)            grant will be tested against a relative total shareholder return (“TSR”) hurdle (measured against the
                                             S&P / ASX Small Industrials Index) and 50% against earnings per share (“EPS”) growth targets, set in
                                             the context of the corporate strategy.
                                             The relative TSR performance condition was chosen, as it offers a means of measuring changes in
                                             shareholder value, by comparing the Company’s return to shareholders against the returns of
                                             companies of a similar size and investment profile. The EPS performance condition was chosen, as it is
                                             a primary determinant of shareholder value, in a listed company context.

                         Non-Executive       The potential maximum aggregate NED remuneration for FY2023 was $750,000, as approved by
                         Director (“NED”)    shareholders at the FY2014 AGM. Chair and NED fees were increased for CPI in FY2023 having been
                         fees                fixed at the previous level since FY2021. Total NED fees paid for FY2023 were $681,000.


                        It was pleasing to note that shareholders voted overwhelmingly in favour of the FY2022 Remuneration Report at
                        the 2022 Annual General Meeting, with 97.9% of votes cast in favour.

                        I look forward to answering any questions you may have at our 2023 Annual General Meeting on 1 November.

                        Yours faithfully,




                        Valerie A Davies
                        Chair - Remuneration and Nominations Committee




                 40 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT: REMUNERATION REPORT

                        The directors present Cedar Woods’ FY2023 Remuneration Report which sets out remuneration information for
                        the directors and other key management personnel (“KMP”) for the year ended 30 June 2023.

                        The information provided in this remuneration report has been audited as required by section 308(3C) of the
                        Corporations Act 2001.

                        o. Introduction

                        The Remuneration Report details the remuneration arrangements for KMP who are defined as those persons
                        having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the major activities of the company,
                        directly or indirectly.

                        The table below outlines the KMP of the company during the financial year ended 30 June 2023. Unless
                        otherwise indicated, the individuals were KMP for the entire financial year. For the purposes of this report, the




For personal use only
                        term “executive” includes the managing director and senior executives of the company.


                          KMP                                       Position                                                  Term as KMP


                          Non-Executive Directors (“NEDs”)

                          W G Hames                                 Non-Executive Chair                                         Full year

                          R S Brown                                 Non-Executive Deputy Chair                                  Full year

                          V A Davies                                Independent Non-Executive Director                          Full year

                          J M Muirsmith                             Independent Non-Executive Director                          Full year

                          P G Say                                   Independent Non-Executive Director                          Full year

                          Executive Director

                          N J Blackburne                            Managing Director (“MD”)                                    Full year

                          Senior Executives

                          P Archer                                  Chief Operating Officer (“COO”)                             Full year

                          L M Hanrahan                              Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”)                             Full year


                        Changes since last year
                        The Company has considered the nature of the Company Secretary role and concluded that from 1 July 2022 it
                        no longer involved sufficient authority and responsibility to meet the criteria for KMP.


                        Changes since the end of the reporting period
                        There were no changes to KMP after the reporting date and before the date the annual report was authorised for
                        issue.




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023   41
                        p. Remuneration governance

                        Role of the Remuneration and Nominations Committee
                        The Remuneration and Nominations Committee (The Committee) is a committee of the Board. In relation to
                        remuneration matters, it is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on:

                             the over-arching executive remuneration framework;
                             remuneration levels of the MD and other executives;
                             operation of incentive plans and key performance hurdles for the executive team; and
                             NED fees.
                        The Committee’s objective is to ensure remuneration policies and structures are fair and competitive and aligned
                        with the long-term interests of the company. The Committee periodically obtains independent remuneration
                        information to ensure executive remuneration packages and NED fees are appropriate and in line with the market.
                        The Corporate Governance Statement provides further information on the role of the Committee and may be
                        found on the company’s website under the Our Company/Governance link.




For personal use only
                        Use of remuneration advisors
                        In 2023, the remuneration committee engaged remuneration advisors to provide benchmarking data on executive
                        remuneration and remuneration design. No remuneration recommendations were made.


                        Clawback of remuneration
                        Vested and unvested STI’s & LTI’s are subject to potential clawback based on the Board’s judgment:

                        STI (cash)      at the end of the financial year when assessing performance against scorecard objectives to determine the STI
                                        payments, when determining if there are any matters impacting the initial performance assessment.

                        STI (deferred) at any time prior to, or at, the final vesting date of the award and will take account of factors such as any
                                       material misstatements of financial results or instances of non-compliance with Cedar Woods’ policies.

                        LTI             at any time prior to, or at, the final vesting date of the award and will take account of factors such as any
                                        material misstatements of financial results or instances of non-compliance with Cedar Woods’ policies.

                        The clawback policy also provides that the Board can recover an STI or LTI award previously paid to an
                        employee.


                        Remuneration Report approval at FY2022 Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)
                        At the 2022 AGM, 97.9% of eligible votes cast were in favour of the FY2022 Remuneration Report.




                 42 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        q. Executive remuneration policy and framework
                        The information contained within this section outlines the details pertaining to the executive remuneration policy
                        and framework for FY2023.

                        (i)                           Principles and strategy

                         Company purpose

                         To create long-term value for shareholders through the development of vibrant communities




                         Remuneration strategy linkages to company purpose
                         The Board ensures its approach to executive reward satisfies                         To attract, motivate and retain high performing individuals:
                         the following key criteria for good reward governance
                         practices:                                                                               The remuneration offering rewards capability and
                                                                                                                   experience
                                                  Competitiveness and reasonableness




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   Reflects competitive reward for contribution to growth in
                                                  Acceptability to shareholders
                                                                                                                    shareholder wealth
                                                  Alignment of executive remuneration to company
                                                                                                              The framework is aligned to shareholders’ interests by having:
                                                   performance
                                                  Transparency of the link between performance and                STIs (cash & deferred) linked to current year performance

                                                   reward                                                           and subject to clawback
                                                                                                                  LTIs linked to both long term external (relative total
                                                                                                                   shareholder return (“TSR”)) and internal (earnings per
                                                                                                                   share (“EPS”) growth) performance. LTIs are also subject
                                                                                                                   to clawback.




                                                    Component       Composition                Purpose                                   Link to performance

                                                    Fixed           Comprises base salary,     To provide competitive fixed              Group and individual performance
                                                    remuneration    superannuation and         remuneration, set with reference to       are considered during the annual
                                                                    non-monetary benefits      role, market and skills and experience    remuneration review process
                                                                                               of individuals                            No guaranteed fixed remuneration
                                                                                                                                         increases are included in executives’
                                                                                                                                         contracts
                                                                                                                                         Fixed remuneration may be phased
                                                                                                                                         to market benchmark for new
                                                                                                                                         appointments, conditional on




                              Total remuneration
                                                                                                                                         performance

                                                    STIs            Paid in cash, net of tax   Rewards executives for their              Linked to the Corporate Plan and
                                                                                               contribution to achievement of            achievement of personal objectives
                                                                                               company outcomes                          established at the start of the year


                                                                                               Rewards executives for their              Vesting of Zero-price options is
                                                                    Equity based STI           contribution to the creation of           dependent on a further one year of
                                                                    grants awarded in          shareholder value over the medium         service after the initial performance
                                                                    Zero-price options
                                                                                               term                                      period

                                                    LTIs            Equity based LTI           Rewards executives for their              Vesting of grants is dependent on
                                                                    grants awarded in          contribution to the creation of           TSR performance relative to S&P /
                                                                    Performance Rights         shareholder value over the longer         ASX Small Industrials Index and
                                                                                               term                                      annual compound growth rate in
                                                                                                                                         EPS, both over a three-year period

                        Performance related outcomes are determined each year following the audit of the annual results. Outcomes may
                        be adjusted up or down in line with over and under achievement against the target performance levels, at the
                        discretion of the Board (based on a recommendation from the Committee).



                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023         43
                        (ii)     Approach to setting remuneration

                        The Company aims to reward executives with a level and mix of remuneration appropriate to their position,
                        responsibilities and performance within the company and aligned with market practice.

                        The approach is generally to position total remuneration competitively, between the median and upper quartile of
                        its direct industry peers, both listed and unlisted, and other Australian listed companies of a similar size and
                        complexity.

                        Remuneration levels and structures are reviewed annually through a process that considers market data, insights
                        into remuneration trends, employment market conditions, the performance of the company and the individual, and
                        the broader economic environment.

                        The “at risk” components (STIs and LTIs) ensure a proportion of remuneration varies with performance of both the
                        individual and the company.

                        The Committee will continue to review the level of fixed and ‘at risk’ pay in FY2024 with the objective of ensuring




For personal use only
                        that executive remuneration continues to meet the expectations of shareholders and candidates in a market that
                        is highly competitive for talent.

                        The graphs below illustrate the remuneration mix based on maximum opportunities for FY2023.




                        Managing Director                     37%                            20%        10%                  33%




                                        COO                            50%                               27%                       23%




                                        CFO                             55%                                    27%                  18%



                                                Fixed Pay   Cash STI    Deferred STI   LTI


                          STI in the above graphs are based on 100% of the maximum opportunity. LTI’s may be awarded up to the
                          target opportunity.




                 44 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        (iii)    Details of incentive plans

                        Short-term incentives (STI)

                        Key features of the current STI plan are set out below.

                        Managing Director

                         How is the STI           In FY23 65% (FY22 – 65%) of the STI was deliverable in cash and 35% (FY22 – 35%) of the
                         delivered?               STI is deferred by way of a grant of zero-price options under the Deferred Short Term Incentive
                                                  (DSTI) Plan. The Committee sets the proportion of STI deliverable by way of DSTI annually
                                                  having regard to the equity ownership of the MD, the equity that has previously vested and the
                                                  equity opportunities under existing DSTI and LTI plans.

                         What STI’s are           The STI awarded is based on the Committee’s assessment of the Company’s overall
                         available and what are   performance using the Balanced Scorecard system referred to in section r) Executive
                         the performance          remuneration outcomes for FY2023 below.
                         conditions?              Subject to Board discretion, in order for any STI to be payable, the following hurdle (trigger)
                                                  must be achieved:




For personal use only
                                                       Safety trigger: No reportable incident resulting in serious injury under the relevant
                                                        Occupational Health & Safety Act in CWP premises or sites as a result of failure of the
                                                        company’s Work, Health & Safety system.
                                                  A performance rating of up to 150% of the STI opportunity is available to reward personal
                                                  performance when it exceeds expectations, at the Board’s discretion.

                         How is performance       Annually, after consideration of performance against set balanced scorecard objectives, the
                         assessed?                Chairman of the Board and Chair of the Committee recommends to the Board the amount of
                                                  STI to be paid to the MD.

                         What happens in the      If a Change of Control Event occurs prior to the vesting of an award, unless the Board
                         event of change of       determines otherwise, a pro-rata number of the MD’s unvested awards will vest immediately
                         control                  based on the proportion of the period that has passed at the time of the relevant change of
                                                  control event, and the extent to which any applicable performance conditions have been
                                                  satisfied (or are estimated to have been satisfied) at that time, unless the change of control
                                                  event occurs after the end of the performance period (the first year), in which case full vesting of
                                                  unvested awards will occur, to the extent to which any applicable performance conditions have
                                                  been satisfied (or are estimated to have been satisfied) at that time.


                        Other executives

                         How is the STI           Cash
                         delivered?

                         What STI’s are           Each executive has a target STI opportunity depending on the accountabilities of the role and
                         available and what are   impact on company performance.
                         the performance          The STI plan provides as follows:
                         conditions?
                                                  a) Up to 50% of the STI based on personal performance, with the actual percentage awarded
                                                     based on the executive’s overall rating measured against personal objectives as determined
                                                     in the annual performance review.
                                                  Meeting expectations generally provides for a performance rating between 80% and 100%.
                                                  Performance ratings of up to 150% of the personal component are available to encourage and
                                                  reward personal performance when it exceeds expectations.
                                                  b)    Up to 50% of the STI is awarded based on the Committee’s assessment of the company’s
                                                       overall performance using the Balanced Scorecard system referred to in section
                                                       r) Executive remuneration outcomes for FY2023 below.
                                                  In order for any STI to be payable under the company component, the same hurdle (safety
                                                  trigger) that applies for the MD (see above) must be achieved.

                         How is performance       On an annual basis, for senior executives, the Committee will seek recommendations from the
                         assessed?                MD before making its determination. Performance is assessed against targets set at the start of
                                                  the financial year.

                         What happens if an       Executives who resign prior to the end of the financial year generally forego their STI
                         Executive leaves         entitlement. The Board has discretion in this regard.
                         Cedar Woods?




                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023      45
                        Long-term incentives (LTI)

                        Key features of the LTI plan are as follows:

                         Why have a LTI plan?             The LTI plan builds a sense of business ownership and alignment which benefits all
                                                          shareholder interests. It encourages a greater focus on sustainable long-term growth and
                                                          seeks to attract and retain key executives.

                         Who participates?                The Company’s policy is for the MD and other Executives to participate in the LTI. NEDs
                                                          are not eligible to participate in the LTI plan.

                         What LTI’s are available?        Each participant has a maximum LTI opportunity depending on the accountabilities of the
                                                          role and impact on company performance.

                         How is the LTI delivered?        Awards under the LTI plan are made in the form of performance rights, which provide, when
                                                          vested, one share for each performance right at nil cost. At the discretion of the Board the
                                                          LTI awards may be satisfied in cash rather than shares.

                         How are the number of rights     The number of performance rights allocated for each participant is calculated by reference
                         determined for each LTI          to the target LTI opportunity outlined in the prior section. For the LTI, the target opportunity




For personal use only
                         grant?                           is the maximum opportunity.
                                                          Allocations are made based on a face value approach using the Volume Weighted Average
                                                          Price of Cedar Woods’ shares over the ﬁrst ﬁve trading days of the ﬁnancial year. This fixes
                                                          the maximum number of shares and the actual number will vest in accordance with the
                                                          performance conditions set out below.

                         When does the LTI vest?          The Board will determine the outcomes at the end of the three-year performance period,
                                                          with vesting, if any, occurring once results are released and within a trading window. Once
                                                          vested, participants may trade shares, subject to the company’s Securities Trading Policy.

                         What happens if an               If cessation of employment occurs during the performance period, the following treatment
                         Executive leaves Cedar           will apply in respect of unvested rights:
                         Woods?                                If the participant ceases employment with Cedar Woods due to resignation or
                                                                termination for cause, unvested rights will normally be forfeited.
                                                               If the participant ceases employment in other circumstances (for example, due to
                                                                illness, total or permanent disablement, retirement, redundancy or other
                                                                circumstances determined by the Board), unvested rights will stay ‘on foot’ and may
                                                                vest at the end of the original performance period to the extent performance conditions
                                                                are met. The Board may determine that the number of rights available to vest will be
                                                                reduced pro-rata for time at the date employment ceases.
                                                          The Board will retain discretion to allow for accelerated vesting (pro-rated for performance
                                                          and/or time) in special circumstances (as opposed to allowing unvested rights to remain ‘on
                                                          foot’ on cessation of employment).

                         What happens in the event of     Unless the Board determines otherwise, a pro-rata number of the participant’s unvested
                         change of control                rights will vest based on the proportion of the performance period that has passed at the
                                                          time of the change of control. Vesting will also be subject to the achievement of pro-rata
                                                          performance conditions at the time of the change of control.

                         Do participants receive          No dividends are paid on unvested LTI awards.
                         dividends on LTI grants?

                         Can a participant deal with or   No.
                         trade their performance
                         rights before vesting?




                 46 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        How is performance       The awards are subject to two equally weighted performance conditions which operate
                                                 independently, so that awards can be made under either or both categories.
                        assessed and rewarded
                                                 Relative TSR hurdle (50%): The relative TSR hurdle provides a comparison of external
                        against these hurdles?   performance. The ASX Small Industrials Index is comprised of the companies included in the
                                                 S&P/ASX 300 (excluding companies in the S&P/ASX 100) who have a Global Industry Classification
                                                 Standard (GICS) classification other than Energy or Metals & Mining. TSR (Total Shareholder
                                                 Return) measures changes to share price and dividends paid to show the total return and is widely
                                                 used in the investment community as an appropriate hurdle as it aligns the experience of
                                                 shareholders and executives.
                                                 This index was chosen, rather than a peer group, as there are a limited number of companies with
                                                 similar operations and in recent years the number of these has reduced through takeovers and
                                                 changes to business models and operations.
                                                 Participants will only derive value from this component of the LTI if the company’s TSR performance
                                                 is equal to or greater than the Index. Maximum vesting of the TSR hurdle recognises significant out-
                                                 performance of the company over 3 years.
                                                 The vesting schedule for the FY23 plan was as follows:

                                                  Relative TSR performance outcome                        Percentage of TSR-tested rights vesting




For personal use only
                                                  < Index                                                                                         Nil

                                                  At the Index                                                                                  50%
                                                  > Index and up to 5% above the Index                             Pro-rata between 50% and 100%

                                                  > = 5% above the Index                                                                       100%


                                                 The vesting schedule for the FY22 plan was as follows:

                                                  Relative TSR performance outcome                        Percentage of TSR-tested rights vesting
                                                  < Index                                                                                         Nil

                                                  At the Index                                                                                  50%

                                                  > Index and up to 15% above the Index                            Pro-rata between 50% and 100%
                                                  > = 15% above the Index                                                                      100%


                                                 EPS compound annual growth rate hurdle (50%): EPS is a method of calculating the performance of
                                                 an organisation, capturing information regarding an organisation’s earnings in proportion to the total
                                                 number of shares issued by the organisation. The EPS calculation is:
                                                 EPS =      Statutory net profit after tax
                                                            Weighted number of shares on issue
                                                 Where:

                                                  Statutory net profit after tax:          as reported by a company at the most recent financial-year
                                                                                           end preceding the calculation date.

                                                  Weighted number of shares on issue:      weighted number of shares on issue for the financial year.

                                                 The relevant inputs when setting the EPS target range are generally:
                                                      The earnings and EPS targets contained in the company’s Corporate Plan, particularly with
                                                       reference to the most recent internal five-year forecasts;
                                                      The level of stretch associated with those Corporate Plan targets;
                                                      Any earnings guidance that has been provided to the market;
                                                      Shareholder and analyst (individual and consensus) expectations.
                                                      The rate of growth in the Australian economy and the performance of the property sector.
                                                 The vesting schedule for this component of the LTI in the FY23 Plan was as follows:



                                                 EPS compound annual growth rate                            Percentage of EPS-tested rights vesting

                                                 <5%                                                                                                 Nil

                                                 5%                                                                                                50%

                                                 Between 5% - 15%                                                     Pro-rata between 50% and 100%

                                                 > = 15%                                                                                          100%


                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023               47
                        The vesting schedule for this component of the LTI in the FY22 Plan was as follows:



                                                          EPS compound annual growth rate                     Percentage of EPS-tested rights vesting
                                                          <10%                                                                                        Nil

                                                          10%                                                                                    50%
                                                          Between 10% - 15%                                             Pro-rata between 50% and 100%
                                                          > = 15%                                                                               100%

                        At commencement of each three-year plan, the Committee will consider the appropriate EPS target range and the
                        level of payout if targets are met. This includes setting any maximum payout under the LTI plan and minimum
                        levels of performance to trigger payment of LTI. The EPS target range, once set, remains in place for the three-
                        year performance period.

                        The TSR and EPS target ranges were modified for the FY23 plan in view of the more challenging economic
                        outlook, following the initial rebound after the first year of the pandemic.




For personal use only
                        r.    Executive remuneration outcomes for FY2023 (including link to performance)

                        Performance against STI balanced scorecard objectives

                        The table below provides a summary of the FY2023 balanced scorecard objectives and weightings for each
                        component. This performance measurement framework provides a close alignment to the company’s overriding
                        objective of providing long term value to shareholders and links to our value creation model as described on page
                        11.

                         Strategic Priority & Measure                     Weighting       Metrics
                         Financial Strength                                               Net Profit After Tax (NPAT)
                         Annual performance and balance sheet
                         strength                                                         Number of settlements

                                                                                          Revenue

                                                                              50%         Return on Equity

                                                                                          Return on Capital

                                                                                          Borrowing ratios and facility terms

                                                                                          Cost reductions

                         Earnings Growth                                                  Value of presales
                         Measures of future financial health of the           20%
                         Company                                                          New projects acquired

                         Operational Excellence                                           Customer net promoter scores
                         Measures of customer and investor
                         satisfaction, risk management, compliance                        Investor perceptions
                         and sustainability                                   20%
                                                                                          ESG Performance (link to sustainability & climate change)

                                                                                          Compliance with the work, health and safety system

                         High Performance Culture                                         Employee engagement
                         Manage leadership pool and strive for strong
                         staff engagement and team improvements               10%         Retention of executives and senior management

                                                                                          Gender and diversity

                        The Remuneration Committee determines the STI to be paid based on an assessment of the extent to which the
                        key metrics are met, and in arriving at the amount of STI to be paid to each executive, also considers an array of
                        factors including the economic environment, stakeholder experience, quality of the results and how the company
                        has been set up for longer term success. The following table outlines the proportion of maximum STI earned and
                        forfeited by executives in relation to FY2023 and the maximum STI that was available.

                 48 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                                                                                Proportion of STI earned and forfeited in FY2023

                                                                        MD                         COO                         CFO

                         Total earned $                                 347,600                    157,000                     117,750

                         Total earned of target %                       79%                        79%                         79%

                         Total forfeited of target %                    21%                        21%                         21%

                         Total forfeited of target $                    92,400                     43,000                      32,250

                         Target STI opportunity $                       440,000                    200,000                     150,000

                         Total earned of maximum %                      53%                        63%                         63%

                         Total forfeited of maximum %                   47%                        37%                         37%

                         Total forfeited of maximum $                   312,400                    93,000                      69,750

                         Maximum STI opportunity $                      660,000                    250,000                     187,500

                        For the Managing Director, 65% of the STI earned is payable in cash ($225,940) and 35% of the STI earned




For personal use only
                        ($121,660) was deferred into zero price options under the DSTI plan. For the other executives the STI is payable
                        in cash.

                        Terms and conditions of the share-based payment arrangements - DSTI

                        The terms and conditions of each grant of zero price options under the Deferred STI affecting remuneration in the
                        current or a future reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                                               Value per
                        Incentive         Grant        Number of   Performance      Service     Vesting       Performance      option at      %
                        Plan              date          options       period        period       date            hurdle        grant date   Vested

                        FY2023 –           TBA           TBA        1/7/22 to       1/7/22 to   31/8/2024       Balanced         $TBA        N/A
                        Managing                                     30/6/23         30/6/24                 scorecard score
                        Director

                        FY2022 –        2/11/2022       26,409      1/7/21 to       1/7/21 to   31/8/2023       Balanced         $3.99       N/A
                        Managing                                     30/6/22         30/6/23                 scorecard score
                        Director

                        FY2021 –        3/11/2021       32,182      1/7/20 to       1/7/20 to   31/8/2022       Balanced         $5.69       100
                        Managing                                     30/6/21         30/6/22                 scorecard score
                        Director

                        The FY2023 grant of options to the Managing Director under the DSTI is subject to shareholder approval at the
                        2023 AGM.

                        During the year 32,182 ordinary shares of Cedar Woods Properties Limited were issued to the Managing Director
                        on the exercise of zero price options which were granted under the Deferred STI on 3 November 2021. No further
                        shares have been issued since that date.




                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023    49
                        Performance against LTI objectives

                        The following table shows the maximum LTI opportunities that were granted to KMP during FY2023.

                                                                                            LTI awards in FY2023

                                                                                    MD                COO                   CFO

                         Value granted (max LTI opportunity) $                  720,000            212,100             130,000

                        The LTI awards earned will vest on 31 August 2025 subject to the vesting conditions.

                        Terms and conditions of the share-based payment arrangements - LTI

                        The terms and conditions of each grant of rights under the LTI affecting remuneration in the current or a future
                        reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                Value at
                                                                                start of                  Value per




For personal use only
                        Incentive      Grant      Performance     Vesting     performance   Performance share right at Performance   %
                        Plan           date          period        date          period        hurdle    grant date     achieved   Vested

                        FY2020 -     24/09/2019     1/7/19 to    31/08/2022      $5.71      EPS Growth       $6.17           No         Nil
                        Executives                  30/6/22                                 Relative TSR     $4.45           No

                        FY2020 -     6/11/2019      1/7/19 to    31/08/2022      $5.71      EPS Growth       $6.18           No         Nil
                        MD                          30/6/22                                 Relative TSR     $4.51           No

                        FY2021 -     27/08/2020     1/7/20 to    31/08/2023      $5.40      EPS Growth       $4.59          Partial    60.2%
                        Executives                  30/6/23                                 Relative TSR     $2.37          Partial

                        FY2021 -     4/11/2020      1/7/20 to    31/08/2023      $5.40      EPS Growth       $5.07          Partial    60.2%
                        MD                          30/6/23                                 Relative TSR     $2.92          Partial

                        FY2022 -     27/08/2021    1/7/21 to     31/08/2024      $6.70      EPS Growth       $5.83           to be      n/a
                        Executives                  30/6/24                                 Relative TSR     $3.18        determined

                        FY2022 -     3/11/2021     1/7/21 to     31/08/2024      $6.70      EPS Growth       $5.20           to be      n/a
                        MD                          30/6/24                                 Relative TSR     $2.36        determined

                        FY2023 -     26/08/2022    1/7/22 to     31/08/2025      $3.83      EPS Growth       $3.87           to be      n/a
                        Executives                  30/6/25                                 Relative TSR     $2.61        determined

                        FY2023 -     2/11/2022     1/7/22 to     31/08/2025      $3.83      EPS Growth       $3.58           to be      n/a
                        MD                          30/6/25                                 Relative TSR     $2.35        determined


                        The number of share rights granted to key management personnel under the LTI scheme during FY2023 is
                        shown in the table below. The number of rights granted has been determined by dividing the FY2023 LTI grant
                        opportunity by the market value of shares at the beginning of the performance period, which is the volume
                        weighted average price of the company’s shares over the first five trading days in FY2023 ($3.83). The market
                        value of the shares is not discounted.

                        The fair value of the rights has been determined using the amount of the grant date fair value.




                 50 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        Reconciliation of LTI share rights held by KMP

                        The following table shows how many share rights were granted, vested and forfeited during the year for KMP.

                                              Balance at      Granted                                                      Balance at end of   Max.
                        Name & grant         start of year   during year     Vested     Vested     Forfeited   Forfeited    year (unvested) value yet
                        dates                  Number         Number         Number        %       Number          %           Number        to vest *

                        Executive director

                        N J Blackburne

                            2 Nov 2022**            -           187,989          -          -          -            -           187,989         $220.887

                            3 Nov 2021**        102,895            -             -          -          -            -           102,895         $121,416

                           4 Nov 2020**         127,666            -             -          -          -            -           127,666         $386,702

                           6 Nov 2019**         120,735            -             -          -      120,735        100               -               -




For personal use only
                        Senior executives

                        P Archer

                          26 Aug 2022               -           55,378           -          -          -            -            55,378         $72,268

                          27 Aug 2021           31,656             -             -          -          -            -            31,656         $50,333

                          27 Aug 2020           39,277             -             -          -          -            -            39,277         $102,335

                          24 Sep 2019           37,145             -             -          -       37,145        100               -               -

                        L M Hanrahan

                          26 Aug 2022               -           33,942           -          -          -            -            33,942         $44,294

                          27 Aug 2021           17,910             -             -          -          -            -            17,910         $28,477

                          27 Aug 2020           22,222             -             -          -          -            -            22,222         $57,899

                          24 Sep 2019           21,015             -             -          -       21,015        100               -               -

                        * The LTI awards granted in FY2023 vest on 31 August 2025 subject to the vesting conditions. The maximum value of the
                        deferred shares yet to vest has been determined based on the grant date fair value of the rights, adjusted to the anticipated
                        vesting outcomes.
                        ** Approval for the issue of share rights to NJ Blackburne was obtained from shareholders under Australian Securities
                        Exchange Listing Rule 10.14.




                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023        51
                        Performance of shareholder return metrics

                        In FY2023, the Company delivered a profit of $31.6 million, a decrease of 15 per cent over the prior year.

                        The returns to shareholders of Cedar Woods over the last 1, 3 and 5 years are detailed in the table below:

                        Returns to shareholders over 1, 3 and 5 years (%, annualised)            1 year           3 years            5 years

                        EPS growth                                                               (15.8)              14.9              (6.5)

                        Share price growth                                                         36.7              (1.4)             (2.8)

                        Dividend growth (declared dividend)                                      (27.3)               1.7              (7.8)

                        Dividend growth (paid dividend)                                             3.8               1.9              (1.7)

                        CWP TSR (change in share price and dividends)                              46.1               3.5                2.6

                        S&P Small Industrials Index (XSIAI) TSR                                     9.5               3.4                1.7

                        The total shareholder return in FY2023 was 46.1 per cent which outperformed the S&P Small Industrials Index




For personal use only
                        total return of 9.5 per cent over the same period. The returns over 3 & 5 years also outperformed the S&P Small
                        Industrials Index.

                        Management is focused on delivering consistent earnings per share and dividend growth. The company’s share
                        price is subject to market factors that are beyond the Company’s control. The measures of the company’s
                        financial performance over the last five years as required by the Corporations Act 2001 are shown in the table
                        below. However, these are not necessarily consistent with the measures used in determining the variable
                        amounts of remuneration awarded to KMP, the basis for which is outlined above. As a consequence, there may
                        not always be a direct correlation between the statutory key performance measures and the variable
                        remuneration awarded.

                                                                         2023            2022         2021           2020              2019

                         Profit for the year ($’000)                    31,634          37,388      32,834         20,387            48,644

                         Basic earnings per share (cents)                 38.5            45.7        40.7           25.4              60.9

                         Dividends per share (cents)                      20.0            27.5        26.5           19.0              31.5

                         Increase (decrease) in share price (%)           36.7          (45.2)        28.1           (8.1)             (1.0)



                        Executive remuneration for the years ended 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022

                        When determining the remuneration mix for executives, the Remuneration and Nominations committee used the
                        target STI and LTI opportunities contained in the tables on pages 49 and 50, which differ from the amounts
                        calculated in the table below. In the below table, the actual cash bonuses are shown, and the share based
                        payment is calculated in accordance with AASB 2 Share Based Payments.




                 52 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        Remuneration expenses for executive KMP

                        Details of the remuneration of each executive KMP of Cedar Woods, in accordance with accounting standards, is set out below.

                        Name                     Financial                           Short-term                                         Post                            Long term benefits                 Performance
                                                   year                               benefits                                    employment                                                                     related




For personal use only
                                                                   Cash salary      Cash bonus $         Non-monetary                 Super-           Share based           Long Service        Total $                %
                                                                    and fees $                               benefits $           annuation $           payment # $               Leave $

                        Executive Director

                                N J Blackburne     2023                766,740             225,940               11,975                 27,500                306,030              24,715     1,362,900                39%
                                                   2022                733,280             328,614               11,516                 27,386                405,104              12,682     1,518,582                48%

                        Other KMP

                                      P Archer     2023                424,708             157,000                5,681                 25,292                 56,825              12,485       681,991                31%
                                                   2022                406,432             145,125                5,381                 23,568                 91,190               8,289       679,985                35%

                                 L M Hanrahan      2023                347,684             117,750                7,318                 27,316                 33,285              11,430       544,783                28%
                                                   2022                322,500              95,625                7,000                 27,500                 51,459              13,433       517,517                28%

                                P S Freedman *     2022                160,454              46,250                  550                 25,892                 12,533               4,658       250,337                23%

                        Total                      2023              1,539,132             500,690               24,974                 80,108                396,140              48,630     2,589,674
                                                   2022              1,622,666             615,614               24,447                104,346                560,286              39,062     2,966,421


                        # Equity-settled share-based payments relate to the component of the fair value of awards from the 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023 LTI plans and 2022 and 2023 DSTI plans attributable to the year
                        measured in accordance with AASB 2 Share Based Payments. Comparatives have been restated to ensure consistency with the disclosure requirements of AASB2.

                        Cash salary and fees include annual leave accrual.

                        * The Company Secretary role no longer met the criteria for KMP from 1 July 2022 as noted in section (o) on page 41 of this report.




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023          53
                        Remuneration received by executive KMP

                        The remuneration illustrated in the table below has been provided as additional non-statutory information to assist in understanding the total value of remuneration (take home
                        remuneration) received by executive KMP in the current and prior financial years. The value of equity in this section is calculated in a different way to the statutory disclosure in
                        the previous table.

                        Name                         Financial                        *Short-term                                    Post                               Long term                    Performance




For personal use only
                                                         year                           benefits                               employment                                 benefits                         related

                                                                 Cash salary and       Cash bonus $       Non-monetary              Super-      Share based          Long Service          Total $             %
                                                                          fees $                             benefits $         annuation $ payment vested #              Leave $
                                                                                                                                                          $

                        Executive Director

                                 N J Blackburne          2023             766,740             225,940              11,975             27,500             146,428            24,715      1,203,298            31%
                                                         2022             733,280             328,614              11,516             27,386             207,594            12,682      1,321,072            41%

                        Other KMP

                                        P Archer         2023             424,708             157,000               5,681             25,292                   -            12,485        625,166            25%
                                                         2022             406,432             145,125               5,381             23,568              36,533             8,289        625,328            29%

                                   L M Hanrahan          2023             347,684             117,750               7,318             27,316                   -            11,430        511,498            23%
                                                         2022             322,500              95,625               7,000             27,500              17,395            13,433        483,453            23%

                                P S Freedman **          2022             160,454              46,250                 550             25,892                   -              4,658       237,804            19%

                        Total                            2023           1,539,132             500,690              24,974             80,108             146,428            48,630      2,339,962
                                                         2022           1,622,666             615,614              24,447            104,346             261,522            39,062      2,667,657

                        *The short-term benefits represent the cash bonuses that are awarded to each KMP in relation to FY2023 and which are paid in the following financial year.

                        # LTI vested is based on the market value of securities at the date of vesting. In FY2023, shares vested under the FY2020-FY2022 LTI plan and FY2021-FY2022 DSTI plan.

                        ** The Company Secretary role no longer met the criteria for KMP from 1 July 2022 as noted in section (o) on page 41 of this report.




                 54 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        s. Executive contracts

                        Remuneration and other terms of employment for executives are formalised in employment agreements.


                        Details of executive service contract for the Managing Director and other executives

                        The Managing Director, Mr N J Blackburne is employed under an ongoing contract.

                        Mr Blackburne’s total remuneration package for FY2023 was as follows:

                            Fixed remuneration of $800,000 per annum
                            Target STI opportunity of $440,000, Maximum STI opportunity of $660,000 (65% in cash, 35% in DSTI)
                            Target & Maximum LTI opportunity $720,000
                        The target STI and LTI opportunity represent 22% and 37% respectively of the total target remuneration. The
                        maximum STI opportunity represents 30% of the maximum remuneration.
                        If the Managing Director resigns following a takeover or substantial change of control of the Company due to a




For personal use only
                        material variation or diminution in his position duties, reporting structure or status, he will be entitled to be paid the
                        maximum amount permitted under s 200G of the Corporations Act 2001.
                        The agreements for the executives are reviewed annually by the Committee for each KMP and details are as
                        follows:

                                                                       Contract term             Notice required to           Termination benefit *
                                                                                                 terminate contract

                         Executive director                             No fixed term                       6 months      Either party may terminate
                         N J Blackburne                                                                                        with 6 months’ notice

                         Other senior executives                        No fixed term                 Up to 3 months     Up to 3 months base salary

                        * For treatment of STI and LTI awards upon cessation of employment please refer to q) iii. Details of incentive plans.

                        t.   NED fee arrangements

                        Determination of fees and maximum aggregate NED fee pool
                        On appointment to the Board, all NEDs enter into a service agreement with the Company in the form of a letter of
                        appointment. The letter details the terms, including fees, relevant to the office of the NED. Fees and payments to
                        NEDs reflect the demands which are made on, and the responsibilities of the NEDs.
                        NEDs receive an additional fee for chairing committees (no additional fees are paid for committee membership or
                        for memberships of directors on subsidiary Boards). NEDs do not receive performance-based remuneration.
                        Remuneration of NEDs is determined by the Board, after receiving recommendations from the Committee, within
                        the maximum aggregate amount approved by the shareholders from time to time (currently set at $750,000 as
                        approved at the 10 November 2014 annual general meeting). The total of NED fees paid in FY2023 was
                        $681,000.

                        Fee policy

                        Annual fees for NEDs were last reviewed from FY2020 (effective date: 1 July 2019). The annual fees (inclusive of
                        superannuation) for FY2023 and FY2022 are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                                              2023                2022
                                                                                                                                 $                   $

                         Chair                                                                                             179,000           174,000

                         Deputy Chair                                                                                      141,000           137,000

                         Other NEDs                                                                                          97,000              94,000

                         Committee Chair                                                                                     15,000              15,000

                         Committee member                                                                                    10,000                 Nil




                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023       55
                        NED remuneration for the years ended 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022
                        The table below outlines fees paid to NEDs for FY2023 and FY2022 in accordance with statutory rules and
                        applicable accounting standards.

                                                                                Short-term benefits          Post-employment

                        Name                            Financial                      Board and             Superannuation $                 Total $
                                                          year                    committee fees $

                        W G Hames                          2023                            161,991                      17,009               179,000
                                                           2022                            158,182                      15,818               174,000

                        R S Brown                          2023                            127,602                      13,398               141,000
                                                           2022                            124,545                      12,455               137,000

                        V A Davies                         2023                            110,407                      11,593               122,000
                                                           2022                             99,091                       9,909               109,000

                        J M Muirsmith                      2023                            110,407                      11,593               122,000
                                                           2022                             99,091                       9,909               109,000




For personal use only
                        P G Say                            2023                            105,882                      11,118               117,000
                                                           2022                             85,455                       8,545                94,000

                        Total                              2023                            616,289                      64.711               681,000
                                                           2022                            566,364                      56,636               623,000


                        u. Additional statutory disclosures

                        Equity instrument disclosures relating to KMP
                        The numbers of ordinary shares in the Company held during the financial year by each director and other KMP of
                        Cedar Woods, including their personally-related parties, are set out below.

                                                                        Number of           Received on                                      Number of
                                                                     shares at the      vesting of rights        Other changes             shares at the
                        2023                                      start of the year                  (LTI)       during the year         end of the year

                        NEDs

                        W G Hames *                                    11,009,512                        -                 2,212             11,011,724

                        R S Brown                                       7,621,633                        -                       -             7,621,633

                        V A Davies                                          26,000                       -                       -                26,000

                        J M Muirsmith                                       21,914                       -                       -                21,914

                        P G Say                                             34,832                       -                       -                34,832

                        Executive director

                        N J Blackburne                                    135,703                 32,182                         -               167,885

                        Senior executives

                        P Archer                                            46,740                       -                       -                46,740

                        L M Hanrahan                                        18,438                       -                       -                18,438

                        * Includes 2,014,439 (2022 – 2,014,439) shares over which W G Hames has voting rights and a first right of refusal to purchase.

                        The interests shown above comply with AASB124 Related Party Disclosures and differ to those shown at item l)
                        of the directors’ report which comply with the requirements of sections 608 and 609 of the Corporations Act 2001.
                        The table above includes the shares held by related parties of the KMP.




                 56 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        Other transactions with key management personnel

                        Aggregate amounts of other transactions with key management personnel of Cedar Woods or their related
                        entities:

                                                                                                                      2023                2022
                                                                                                                         $                   $


                        Amounts recognised as expense

                        Architectural fees                                                                           27,500                    -

                        Settlement fees                                                                            274,828             305,176

                                                                                                                   302,328             305,176

                        Amounts recognised as inventory

                        Architectural fees                                                                         615,807             788,690

                                                                                                                   615,807             788,690




For personal use only
                        Total amounts recognised in year                                                           918,135           1,093,866

                        Aggregate amounts of assets at balance date relating to the above types of other
                        transactions with directors of Cedar Woods or their related entities:

                        Inventory                                                                                  615,807             788,690

                                                                                                                   615,807             788,690

                        Where entities related to directors are able to fulfil the requisite criteria to provide the services at competitive
                        rates, they may be engaged by the company to perform the services, subject to the Board considering the
                        services under the Conflict of Interest policy, available on the Company website. Should entities connected with
                        the directors be engaged, the directors declare their interests in those dealings and take no part in decisions
                        relating to them.

                        The consolidated entity uses a number of firms for architectural, urban design and planning services and
                        settlement services. Accordingly, the company has a high level of knowledge regarding commercial rates for
                        these services. In addition, tenders and market reviews are regularly conducted to ensure that services are
                        provided on competitive terms and conditions.

                        During the year planning, architectural and consulting services were provided by Hames Sharley Architects of
                        which Mr W G Hames is a principal. The transactions were performed on normal commercial terms and
                        conditions and fees paid were consistent with market rates. The value of services provided was lower than in the
                        previous year as a result of the timing of architectural and design work performed on the Williams Landing Town
                        Centre in Melbourne, the Glenside project in Adelaide and the Eglinton project in WA. The Glenside project was
                        introduced to the company by Hames Sharley.

                        Property settlement charges were paid to Westland Settlement Services Pty Ltd (Westland), a company
                        associated with the family of Mr R S Brown. The charges were based on normal commercial terms and
                        conditions. At the estates where Westland was engaged, the number of lots that settled in FY2023 was lower than
                        that of the previous year and as a result the value of transactions with Westland decreased. Settlement fees
                        include out of pocket expenses incurred by Westland that are paid to Landgate and PEXA.

                        There are no aggregate amounts payable to directors of Cedar Woods at balance date. Amounts of $116,417 was
                        payable to related entities Hames Sharley (SA) Pty Ltd at balance date. There are no other amounts payable to
                        related entities at balance date relating to the above types of other transactions.




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023      57
                        v. Independent audit of remuneration report

                        The remuneration report has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC). See page 113 of this annual
                        financial report for PwC’s report on the remuneration report.

                        w. Retirement, election and continuation in office of directors

                        The constitution requires that no director (other than a managing director) may retain office (without re-election)
                        for more than three years or past the third annual general meeting following the director’s appointment.

                        JM Muirsmith and VA Davies retire at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting, and being eligible, offer
                        themselves for re-election.




For personal use only




                 58 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        x. Insurance of officers

                        During the financial year, Cedar Woods paid a premium in respect of directors’ and officers’ liabilities that
                        indemnifies certain officers of the Company and its controlled entities. The officers of the company covered by the
                        insurance policy include the directors and the Company Secretary. The liabilities insured include costs and
                        expenses that may be incurred in defending civil or criminal proceedings that may be brought against the officers
                        in their capacity as officers of the Company and its controlled entities. The directors have not included more
                        specific details of the nature of the liabilities covered or the amount of the premium paid in respect of the policy,
                        as such disclosure is prohibited under the terms of the contract.

                        y. Non-audit services

                        The group may decide to employ the auditor on assignments additional to their statutory audit duties where the
                        auditor’s expertise and experience with the Company and/or group are important.

                        Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor for audit and non-audit services provided during the year are




For personal use only
                        set out in note 33 in the other information section of this report.

                        The Board of directors has considered the position and, in accordance with the advice received from the Audit
                        and Risk Management Committee, is satisfied that the provision of the non-audit services is compatible with the
                        general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001. The directors are satisfied
                        that the provision of non-audit services by the auditor did not compromise the auditor independence requirements
                        of the Corporations Act 2001 for the following reasons:

                        All non-audit services have been reviewed by the Audit and Risk Management Committee to ensure they do not
                        impact the impartiality and objectivity of the auditor.

                        None of the services undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES 110
                        Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants.

                        z.   Auditor’s independence declaration

                        A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
                        forms part of this directors’ report and is set out on page 60.

                        aa. Rounding of amounts

                        The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Legislative Instrument 2016/191, relating to the ‘rounding off’ of
                        amounts in the directors’ report. Amounts in the directors’ report have been rounded off in accordance with the
                        instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or in certain cases, to the nearest dollar.

                        The directors report including the remuneration report is signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors of
                        Cedar Woods.




                        N J Blackburne
                        Managing Director
                        22 August 2023




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023     59
                        AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION




For personal use only




                 60 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        FINANCIAL
                        STATEMENTS




For personal use only
                        Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                        and Other Comprehensive Income
                        For the Year Ended 30 June 2023                                        62

                        Consolidated Balance Sheet
                        As at 30 June 2023                                                     63

                        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                        For the Year Ended 30 June 2023                                        65

                        Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
                        For the Year Ended 30 June 2023                                        66


                        These financial statements are consolidated financial statements for
                        the group consisting of Cedar Woods Properties Limited and its
                        subsidiaries. A list of major subsidiaries is included in note 26.
                        The financial statements are presented in the Australian currency.

                        Cedar Woods Properties Limited is a company limited by shares,
                        incorporated and domiciled in Australia.
                        Its registered office and principal place of business is:
                        Level 4
                        50 Colin Street
                        WEST PERTH WA 6005.

                        The financial statements were authorised for issue by the directors on
                        22 August 2023. The directors have the power to amend and reissue
                        the financial statements.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2023   61
                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER
                         COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                         For the Year Ended 30 June 2023
                                                                                                                 2023             2022
                                                                                                   Note         $’000            $’000

                         Continuing operations

                         Revenue                                                                    1(i)      391,303          333,036

                         Cost of sale of land and buildings                                                 (292,571)     (230,319)

                         Cost of providing development services                                                (1,488)         (6,317)

                         Gross profit                                                                          97,244           96,400



                         Project operating costs                                                              (20,844)     (19,564)

                         Administration expenses                                                              (26,817)     (24,257)




For personal use only
                         Other expense                                                                          (955)                -

                         Other income                                                                           1,159            1,481

                         Operating profit                                                                      49,787           54,060



                         Finance costs                                                                2        (4,401)           (444)

                         Profit before income tax                                                              45,386           53,616

                         Income tax expense                                                           3       (13,751)     (16,228)

                         Profit for the year                                                         19        31,635           37,388

                         Total comprehensive income for the year                                               31,635           37,388

                         Total comprehensive income attributable to members of
                         Cedar Woods Properties Limited                                                        31,635           37,388

                         Earnings per share for profit attributable to the ordinary
                         equity holders of the company:

                         Basic earnings per share                                                     4     38.5 cents    45.7 cents

                         Diluted earnings per share                                                   4     38.0 cents    45.2 cents

                         The above consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in
                         conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                        62 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                        As at 30 June 2023
                                                                                       2022
                                                                        2023      *Restated
                                                             Note      $’000          $’000
                        ASSETS
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents               5      6,802          2,957
                        Trade and other receivables             6      6,841          9,310
                        Contract assets                      1(ii)     3,323          3,755
                        Inventories                             7    195,018        226,781
                        Deferred development costs              8      3,892          3,972
                        Other financial assets                  9        17            741
                                                                     215,893        247,516
                        Assets classified as held for sale   12(i)    32,953                -




For personal use only
                        Total current assets                         248,846        247,516

                        Non-current assets
                        Receivables                             6      3,582          7,800
                        Inventories                             7    519,481        491,282
                        Contract assets                      1(ii)      455            347
                        Other financial assets                  9      1,836          1,718
                        Property, plant and equipment          10      7,405          7,492
                        Right-of-use assets                            1,793           998
                        Investment properties                  11          -         38,591
                        Lease incentives                                   -           643
                        Total non-current assets                     534,552        548,871
                        Total assets                                 783,398        796,387


                        LIABILITIES
                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables               13     33,690         26,898
                        Borrowings                             14          -         29,159
                        Other financial liabilities             9     68,040         87,886
                        Current tax liabilities                        2,481          5,321
                        Contract liabilities                 1(ii)     7,551          7,436
                        Lease liabilities                               617            619
                        Provisions                             15     23,013         16,218
                        Total current liabilities                    135,392        173,537

                        Non-current liabilities
                        Borrowings                             14    202,608        172,486
                        Other financial liabilities             9      5,491         24,424
                        Lease liabilities                              1,574           549
                        Provisions                             15      1,748          1,910
                        Deferred tax liabilities               16      5,483          2,258
                        Total non-current liabilities                216,904        201,627
                        Total liabilities                            352,296        375,164
                        Net assets                                   431,102        421,223




                                                                       Annual Report 2023       63
                         CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (CONTINUED)
                         As at 30 June 2023
                                                                                                           2023                 2022
                                                                                                                           *Restated
                                                                                       Note               $’000                $’000
                          EQUITY
                          Contributed equity                                             17             137,795             137,333
                          Reserves                                                       18               1,742                1,815
                          Retained profits                                               19             291,565             282,075
                          Total equity                                                                  431,102             421,223

                         *See note 15 for details regarding the restatement

                         The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




For personal use only




                        64 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                        For the Year Ended 30 June 2023
                                                                                Contributed                Retained
                                                                                     equity   Reserves       profits        Total
                                                                       Note           $’000      $’000        $’000         $’000

                         Balance at 1 July 2021                                    133,119       1,305      265,937       400,361

                         Profit for the year                                              -           -      37,388        37,388

                         Total comprehensive income for the year                          -           -      37,388        37,388

                         Transactions with owners in their
                         capacity as owners:

                         Contributions of equity, net of transaction
                         costs and tax                                  17            3,984           -            -        3,984

                         Transfers from reserves to retained profits    19                -      (182)          182              -

                         Dividends provided for or paid                 25                -           -     (21,432)      (21,432)




For personal use only
                         Employee share scheme                         17, 18          230         692             -          922

                                                                                      4,214        510      (21,250)      (16,526)

                         Balance at 30 June 2022                                   137,333       1,815      282,075       421,223

                         Balance at 1 July 2022                                    137,333       1,815      282,075       421,223

                         Profit for the year                                              -           -      31,635        31,635

                         Total comprehensive income for the year                          -           -      31,635        31,635

                         Transactions with owners in their
                         capacity as owners:

                         Transfers from reserves to retained profits    19                -      (463)          463              -

                         Dividends provided for or paid                 25                -           -     (22,608)      (22,608)

                         Employee share scheme                         17, 18          462         390             -          852

                                                                                       462         (73)     (22,145)      (21,756)

                         Balance at 30 June 2023                                   137,795       1,742      291,565       431,102

                        The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
                        notes.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023         65
                         CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                         For the Year Ended 30 June 2023
                                                                                                           2023               2022
                                                                                         Note             $’000              $’000

                          Cash flows from operating activities

                          Receipts from customers (incl. GST)                                           430,197            356,321

                          Other income                                                                      198                  63

                          Payments to suppliers and employees (incl. GST)                               (86,642)          (69,416)

                          Payments for land                                                             (81,898)         (145,741)

                          Payments for development                                                     (211,631)         (183,555)

                          Interest received                                                                 396                  177

                          Borrowing costs paid                                                          (13,553)            (6,309)




For personal use only
                          Income taxes paid                                                             (13,365)          (17,376)

                          Net cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities            21(i)           23,702           (65,836)



                          Cash flows from investing activities

                          Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                  -                 13

                          Proceeds from capital return from joint venture                                      -                 521

                          Payments for investment properties                                               (547)             (245)

                          Payments for property, plant and equipment                                     (1,774)             (992)

                          Net cash (outflow) from investing activities                                   (2,321)             (703)



                          Cash flows from financing activities

                          Proceeds from borrowings                                                          818             82,442

                          Principal elements of lease payments                                             (896)             (896)

                          Proceeds from project partners                                                  5,150                    -

                          Dividends paid                                                   25           (22,608)          (17,436)

                          Net cash (outflow) inflow from financing activities                           (17,536)            64,110



                          Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                            3,845             (2,429)

                          Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                          2,957              5,386

                          Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                  5             6,802              2,957

                         The above consolidated cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                        66 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                        These are the consolidated financial statements of Cedar Woods Properties Limited and its subsidiaries. A list of
                        major subsidiaries is included in note 26.

                        The notes are set out in the following main sections:


                        A Key numbers:
                        Provides a breakdown of those individual line items in the financial statements that the directors consider most
                        relevant in the context of the operations of the group, or where there have been significant changes that required
                        specific explanations; the section further explains what accounting policies have been applied to determine these
                        line items and how the amounts were affected by significant estimates and judgements made in calculating the
                        final numbers.


                        B Financial risks:




For personal use only
                        Discusses the group’s exposure to various financial risks, explains how these affect the group’s financial position
                        and performance and what the group does to manage these risks.


                        C Group structure:
                        Explains significant aspects of the group structure and how changes have affected the financial position and
                        performance of the group.


                        D Unrecognised items:
                        Provides information about items that are not recognised in the financial statements but could potentially have a
                        significant impact on the group’s financial position and performance.


                        E Further information:
                        Information that is not immediately related to individual line items in the financial statements, such as related party
                        transactions, share based payments and a full list of the accounting policies applied by the entity.




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023         67
                         SECTION A:
                         KEY NUMBERS
                         This section provides a breakdown of those individual line items in the financial statements that the directors




For personal use only
                         consider most relevant in the context of the operations of the group, or where there have been significant changes
                         that required specific explanations, what accounting policies have been applied to determine these line items and
                         how the amounts were affected by significant estimates and judgements made in calculating the final numbers.




                                                                                        11. Investment properties                          75
                         Profit or Loss Information                       69
                                                                                        12. Assets classified as available for sale        76
                         1.   Revenue                                      69
                                                                                        13. Trade and other payables                       76
                         2.   Expense items                                70
                                                                                        14. Borrowings                                     76
                         3.   Income tax                                   71
                                                                                        15. Provisions                                     78
                         4.   Earnings per share                           71
                                                                                        16. Deferred tax                                   79
                         Balance Sheet Information                        72
                                                                                        17. Equity                                         81
                         5.   Cash and cash equivalents                    72
                                                                                        18. Reserves                                       82
                         6.   Trade and other receivables                  72
                                                                                        19. Retained profits                               82
                         7.   Inventories                                  73
                                                                                        20. Categories of financial assets
                         8.   Deferred development costs                   73                and financial liabilities                     83
                         9.   Other Financial Assets and
                              Other Financial Liabilities                  74
                                                                                        Cash Flow information                              84
                                                                                        21. Cash Flow Information                          84
                         10. Property, plant and equipment                 75




                        68 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        PROFIT OR LOSS INFORMATION
                        1.    Revenue
                        (i)        Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                                                     2023          2022
                                                                                                                    $’000         $’000

                          Timing of revenue recognition

                          At a point in time

                          Sale of land and buildings                                                              382,559      318,695

                          Development services                                                                      2,367         8,323

                          Over time

                          Rent from properties                                                                      6,377         6,018

                                   (ii)        Assets and liabilities related to contracts with customers




For personal use only
                                                                                                                     2023          2022
                                                                                                                    $’000         $’000
                          Contract assets

                          Commissions relating to property sales                                                    1,338         3,041

                          Development services fees                                                                 2,440         1,061

                          Total contract assets                                                                     3,778         4,102



                          Costs to fulfil a contract that were included in the contract
                          asset balance at the beginning of the period

                          Commissions relating to property sales                                                    2,349         3,376


                        Sales commissions incurred to fulfill a property sale contract are classified as contract assets in the balance sheet
                        when incurred and are expensed when associated revenue is recognised.

                                                                                                                     2023          2022
                                                                                                                    $’000         $’000

                          Current contract liabilities

                          Customer rebates                                                                          7,455         7,348

                          Other                                                                                       96             88

                          Total contract liabilities                                                                7,551         7,436



                          Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
                          liability balance at the beginning of the period

                          Customer rebates                                                                          3,038         2,272

                                   (iii)       Transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations

                        The transaction price allocated to partially unsatisfied performance obligations at 30 June 2023 is set out below:

                                                                                                                    2023          2022
                                                                                                                    $’000         $’000

                          Within one year                                                                         299,787      361,068

                          More than one year                                                                      163,849      188,337

                          Total                                                                                   463,636      549,405



                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023        69
                         2.     Expense items
                         Profit before income tax expense includes the following specific expenses:

                                                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                                            Note                    $’000            $’000

                           Finance costs

                           Interest and finance charges                                                            14,454            6,813

                           Interest – leases                                                                           99               39

                           Interest – other financial liabilities                                                   3,047            3,049

                           Unrealised financial instrument losses (gains)                                             606           (2,536)

                           Less: amount capitalised                                           (i)                 (13,805)          (6,921)

                           Finance costs expensed                                                                   4,401              444

                         (i)        Capitalised borrowing costs




For personal use only
                         Where qualifying assets have been financed by the entity’s corporate facility, the capitalisation rate used to
                         determine the amount of borrowing costs to be capitalised is the weighted average interest rate applicable to the
                         entity’s corporate facility during the year, in this case 4.39% (2022 – 2.42%) per annum. Where qualifying assets
                         are financed by specific facilities, the applicable borrowing costs of those facilities are capitalised.

                                                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                                            Note                    $’000            $’000
                           Other specific expenses

                           Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                      618              262

                           Loss allowance of trade receivables                                 6                    (210)              (87)

                           Employee benefits expense                                                               15,064           14,472

                           Superannuation                                                                           1,386            1,309

                           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                      10                    1,294            1,220

                           Depreciation of investment properties                              11                      571              976

                           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                (ii)                    786              868

                           Other

                           Write-down of inventory                                                                    933                 -

                         (ii)       Depreciation

                         Depreciation of right-of-use assets and low value assets are presented within Administration expenses and
                         Project operating costs on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income.




                        70 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        3. Income tax
                        This note provides an analysis of the group’s income tax expense and how the tax expense is affected by non-
                        assessable and non-deductible items.

                        (i)        Income tax expense

                                                                                                                                      2022
                                                                                                                         2023    *Restated
                                                                                                         Note           $’000        $’000

                          Current tax                                                                                  10,669       15,786

                          Deferred tax                                                                                  3,226          442

                          Adjustments for current tax of prior periods                                                   (144)            -

                          Income tax expense attributable to profit                                                    13,751       16,228



                          Deferred income tax expense included in income tax expense




For personal use only
                          comprises:

                          Increase in deferred tax assets                                                  16          (1,892)      (3,033)

                          Increase in deferred tax liabilities                                             16           5,118        3,475

                                                                                                                        3,226          442

                        * See Note 15 for details regarding the restatement.

                        (ii)       Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable

                                                                                                                          2023         2022
                                                                                                                         $’000        $’000

                          Profit before income tax                                                                      45,386       53,616



                          Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2022 – 30%)                                            13,616       16,085


                          Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible (taxable) in calculating taxable income:
                          - Employee share scheme                                                                         256           277
                          - Other income                                                                                     -        (157)
                          - Adjustments for current tax of prior periods                                                 (144)            -

                          - Sundry items                                                                                   23            23

                                                                                                                          135           143

                          Income tax expense                                                                            13,751       16,228


                        4. Earnings per share
                                                                                                                         2023         2022

                          Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                                38.5         45.7

                          Diluted earnings per share (cents)                                                              38.0         45.2

                          Net profit attributable to the ordinary owners of the company ($’000)                        31,635       37,388

                          Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator
                          in the calculation of earnings per share                                                  82,197,343   81,881,597

                          Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator
                          in the calculation of diluted earnings per share                                          83,189,028   82,663,261

                        The calculation of diluted earnings per share includes performance rights that may vest under the company’s
                        LTI and DSTI plans.

                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023       71
                         BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION
                         5. Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                                                        $’000             $’000

                         Cash at bank and in hand                                                                       6,802             2,957

                                                                                                                        6,802             2,957

                         The above figure reconciles to the amount of cash shown in the statement of cash flows at the end of the year.

                         Cash at bank includes cash held in day to day bank transaction accounts and deposit accounts earning interest
                         from 1.0% to 4.3% (2022 - 0 to 1.0%) per annum depending on the balances.

                         The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk is discussed in note 23 Financial risk management. The maximum
                         exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amount of each class of cash and cash equivalents
                         mentioned above.

                         6. Trade and other receivables




For personal use only
                                                                                                     Notes               2023              2022
                                                                                                                        $’000             $’000

                           Current

                           Trade receivables                                                           (ii)             4,488             6,785

                           Less: Loss allowance                                                      (i), (ii)           (26)             (236)

                           Other receivables                                                           (ii)               344             1,151

                           Prepayments                                                                                  2,035             1,610

                                                                                                                        6,841             9,310



                                                                                                     Notes               2023              2022
                                                                                                                        $’000             $’000

                           Non-Current

                           Other receivables                                                           (iii)            3,581             7,798

                           Loans – employee share scheme (discontinued)                                34                   1                2

                                                                                                                        3,582             7,800

                         (i)         Credit risk

                         To measure the lifetime expected credit loss for rental debtors, a provision is raised against each debtor based
                         upon the payment profile over the last 12 months, adjusted for current and forward-looking information supporting
                         the expected settlement of the receivable.

                         (ii)        Classification as trade and other receivables

                         Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary course
                         of business. Loans and other receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments
                         and are not quoted in an active market. If collection of the amounts is expected in one year or less, they are
                         classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets. Trade receivables are generally due
                         for settlement within 30 days. The group’s accounting policies for trade and other receivables are outlined in note
                         35(h).

                         (iii)       Other non-current receivables

                         Other non-current receivables comprise refundable deposits paid on conditional contracts.




                        72 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        7. Inventories
                                                                                                      Notes               2023              2022
                                                                                                                         $’000         *Restated
                                                                                                                                           $’000

                          Total Inventory

                          Current inventory                                                            (i), (ii)       195,018          226,781

                          Non-current inventory                                                        (i), (ii)       519,481          491,282

                          Aggregate carrying amount                                                                    714,499          718,063

                        *See note 15 for details regarding the restatement.

                                                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                                                         $’000         *Restated
                                                                                                                                           $’000

                          Current

                          Property held for resale




For personal use only
                          - at cost                                                                                     58,757            64,363

                          - capitalised development costs                                                              133,101          162,418

                          - at net realisable value                                                                      3,160                 -

                                                                                                                       195,018          226,781



                                                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                                                         $’000         *Restated
                                                                                                                                           $’000

                          Non-Current

                          Property held for resale

                          - at cost                                                                                    394,459          389,578

                          - capitalised development costs                                                              120,758            96,362

                          - at net realisable value                                                                      2,729             5,342

                                                                                                                       517,946          491,282

                        (i)           Current and non-current assets pledged as security

                        Refer to note 14 for information on current assets pledged as security by the parent entity or its controlled entities.

                        (ii)          Accounting for inventory

                        Refer to note 35(i) for the group’s accounting policies for the recognition and classification of inventory.

                        8. Deferred development costs
                                                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                                                         $’000             $’000

                          Current

                          Deferred development costs                                                                     3,892             3,972

                                                                                                                         3,892             3,972

                        Development costs incurred by the group for the development of land not held as inventory by the group are
                        recorded as deferred development costs in the balance sheet.




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023          73
                         9. Other financial assets and other financial liabilities
                         Other financial assets
                                                                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                                       Notes               $’000             $’000

                           Current

                           Interest rate hedge contracts                                                 (i)                  17              741

                                                                                                                              17              741

                           Non-current

                           Interest rate hedge contracts                                                 (i)               1,836             1,718

                                                                                                                           1,836             1,718

                         Other financial liabilities
                                                                                                                           2023               2022
                                                                                                       Notes              $’000              $’000




For personal use only
                           Current

                           Due to vendors of properties under contracts of sale                                          68,040         87,886

                                                                                                                         68,040         87,886

                           Non-current

                           Due to vendors of properties under contract of sale                                                 -        24,375

                           Due to project partners                                                       (ii)             5,435                  -

                           Other payables                                                                                    56                49

                                                                                                                          5,491         24,424

                         (i)         Instruments used by the group

                         The group is party to derivative financial instruments in the normal course of business in order to manage
                         exposure to fluctuations in interest rates in accordance with the group’s financial risk management policies.

                         Derivatives are only used for economic hedging purposes and not as speculative investments. The group’s
                         accounting policy for its cash flow hedges is set out in note 35(t). They are presented as current assets or
                         liabilities to the extent they are expected to be settled within 12 months after the end of the reporting period.
                         Interest rate hedge contracts
                         The group’s policy is to protect part of the loans from exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. Accordingly, the
                         consolidated entity has entered into interest rate hedge contracts under which part of the consolidated entity’s
                         projected borrowings are protected for the period from July 2023 to July 2025. The group uses interest rate caps
                         and swaps to hedge interest rates.

                         The caps in place at year end, effectively cap interest rates applicable to bank bills issued with duration of 3
                         months (BBSY Bid) at certain levels between 1.00% - 3.00% (2022 – 1.00% to 3.00%).

                         Interest rate hedge contracts in place at year end cover approximately 47% (2022 – 52%) of the variable loans
                         outstanding at balance date, with terms expiring in 2023 and 2025. The group is not applying hedge accounting to
                         these derivatives. The gain or loss from re-measuring the derivative financial instruments at fair value is
                         recognised in profit or loss.

                         (ii)        Amounts due to project partners

                         Amounts due to project partners are variable based on project returns. To measure amounts due to project
                         partners project cashflows are considered adopting assumptions on sale prices, construction costs and delivery
                         period. These are discounted at the effective interest rate implied by the contract terms and initial cash flow
                         estimates.




                        74 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        10. Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                                                         2023          2022
                                                                                                                        $’000          $’000

                          Plant and Equipment at Cost

                          At start of the year                                                                         13,417         12,864

                          Additions                                                                                     2,218          1,152

                          Disposals                                                                                    (2,512)         (599)

                          At end of the year                                                                           13,123         13,417

                          Accumulated depreciation on Plant and Equipment

                          At start of the year                                                                          5,925          4,816

                          Disposals                                                                                    (1,501)         (111)

                          Charge for the year                                                                           1,294          1,220




For personal use only
                          At end of the year                                                                            5,718          5.925

                          Net book value                                                                                7,405          7,492

                        (i)         Non-current assets pledged as security

                        Refer to note 14 for information on non-current assets pledged as security by the parent entity or its controlled
                        entities.


                        11. Investment properties
                                                                                                                         2023           2022
                                                                                                      Note              $’000          $’000

                          Non-current assets – at cost

                          Opening balance at the start of the year                                                     38,591         39,635

                          Capitalised expenditure                                                                         362           128

                          Depreciation                                                                                   (571)         (976)

                          Impairment of capitalised lease costs                                                          (108)         (196)

                          Transfer to assets classified as held for sale                               (i)            (32,238)              -

                          Transfer to inventory                                                                        (6,036)              -

                          Closing balance at the end of the year                                                             -        38,591

                          Represented by:

                          Completed investment property                                              12, (ii)                -        38,591

                          Closing balance at the end of the year                                                             -        38,591

                        (i)         Transfer to assets classified as held for sale

                        In January 2023, the Williams Landing Shopping Centre was marketed for sale. Accordingly, the shopping centre
                        and related capitalised lease incentives were transferred to ‘Assets classified as held for sale’ with land
                        surrounding the shopping centre retained for future development by the group, transferred to inventory.

                        (ii)        Non-current assets pledged as security

                        Refer to note 14 for information on non-current assets pledged as security by the parent entity or its controlled
                        entities.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023          75
                         12. Assets classified as held for sale
                                                                                                                            2023            2022
                                                                                                         Note              $’000           $’000

                           Investment properties                                                        (i), (ii)         32,238                -

                           Capitalised lease incentives                                                 (i), (ii)               715             -

                           Closing balance at the end of the year                                                         32,953                -

                         (i)         Transfer to assets classified as held for sale

                         In 2023, the Williams Landing Shopping Centre was marketed for sale. Accordingly, the shopping centre and
                         related capitalised lease incentives were transferred to ‘Assets classified as held for sale’ with land surrounding
                         the shopping centre for future development transferred to inventory.

                         (ii)        Non-current assets pledged as security

                         Refer to note 14 for information on non-current assets pledged as security by the parent entity or its controlled
                         entities.




For personal use only
                         13. Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                2023         2022
                                                                                                                               $’000        $’000

                           Trade payables                                                                                      6,700        2,692

                           Accruals                                                                                        26,729          23,919

                           Other payables                                                                                       261          287

                                                                                                                           33,690          26,898

                         Trade payables are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 days of recognition. The carrying amounts of trade
                         and other payables are assumed to be the same as their fair values due to their short-term nature.

                         14. Borrowings
                                                                                                                                2023         2022
                                                                                                                               $’000        $’000

                           Current

                           Bank loan – secured (Williams Landing Shopping Centre facility)                                         -       29,193

                           Facility fees capitalised (amortised over the period of facility)                                       -         (92)

                           Amortisation of facility fees                                                                           -          58

                                                                                                                                   -       29,159

                           Non-Current

                           Bank loans – secured (Corporate facilities)                                                   174,000          172,800

                           Bank loan – secured (Williams Landing Shopping Centre facility)                                29,193                -

                           Facility fees capitalised (amortised over the period of facility)                                   (834)        (361)

                           Amortisation of facility fees                                                                        249           47

                                                                                                                         202,608          172,486

                         The fair value of non-current borrowings equals their carrying amount.

                         (i)         Security for borrowings

                         All of the consolidated entity’s assets are pledged as security for the group’s finance facilities.

                         Bank loans totaling $174,000,000 provided by three major banks (2022 - $172,800,000) are secured by first
                         registered mortgages over some of the consolidated entity’s land holdings, and first registered charges,
                         guarantees and indemnities provided by Cedar Woods and applicable subsidiary entities. Cedar Woods has
                         provided first registered charges over its assets and undertakings in relation to the corporate loan facility.



                        76 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        The Williams Landing Shopping Centre facility is secured by a first registered mortgage over the Williams Landing
                        Shopping Centre (excluding land for future development) disclosed in assets classified as held for sale at note
                        12(i).

                        (ii)        Financing arrangements

                        The group had access to the following lines of credit at balance date:

                                                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                                                        $’000             $’000

                          Corporate facilities

                          Total facilities (loan and guarantees)                                                      330,000        300,000

                          Used at balance date (loan and guarantees)                                                 (223,436)     (212,173)

                          Unused at balance date                                                                      106,564         87,827



                          Williams Landing Shopping Centre facility




For personal use only
                          Total facility                                                                               30,000         30,000

                          Used at balance date                                                                        (29,193)      (29,193)

                          Unused at balance date                                                                          807              807



                          Total Facilities                                                                            360,000        330,000

                          Used at balance date                                                                       (252,629)     (241,366)

                          Unused at balance date                                                                      107,371         88,634

                        The consolidated entity has total corporate finance facilities of $330,000,000 (2022 - $300,000,000), provided by
                        three major banks. The consolidated entity extended its corporate facility in January 2023 following its annual
                        review. The facility tenure remains comprised of three and five year debt as follows:

                              $264,000,000 (approximately 80%) of the facility expiring January 2026; and
                              $66,000,000 (approximately 20%) of the facility expiring January 2028.

                        The conditions of the facilities impose certain covenants including interest cover, loan-to-valuation ratio and
                        leverage ratio (net debt to EBITDA). The interest on the corporate loan facilities is variable and at 30 June 2023
                        was an average rate of 5.76% (2022 – 2.42%) per annum. The corporate facilities include bank guarantee
                        facilities of $60,000,000 (2022 - $60,000,000) subject to similar terms and conditions, which were drawn to a total
                        amount of $49,436,000 at 30 June 2023 (2022 - $39,373,000).

                        The consolidated entity has a facility of $30,000,000 (2022 - $30,000,000) in place for the Williams Landing
                        Shopping Centre investment property. The conditions of the facility impose certain covenants including loan-to-
                        valuation ratio and interest cover ratio. The facility extends to 1 July 2024, however will be extinguished upon the
                        sale of the Williams Landing Shopping Centre, which is presented as assets classified as held for sale in note 12.
                        The interest on the Williams Landing Shopping Centre loan facility is variable and at 30 June 2023 was 5.55%
                        (2022 – 2.85%) per annum.

                        Details of the group’s exposure to risk arising from current and non-current borrowings are set out in note 23
                        Financial risk management.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023            77
                         15. Provisions

                                                                                                                                       2022
                                                                                                                         2023     *Restated
                                                                                                                        $’000         $’000

                           Current

                           Employee entitlements                                                                        1,561            1,346

                           Development cost provisions                                                                21,452           14,872

                                                                                                                      23,013           16,218

                           Non-Current

                           Employee entitlements                                                                         214              228

                           Development cost provisions                                                                  1,534            1,682

                                                                                                                        1,748            1,910




For personal use only
                         (i)   Movement in provision for development costs

                                                                                                                                       2022
                                                                                                                         2023     *Restated
                                                                                                                        $’000         $’000

                           Carrying amount at start of the year                                                        16,554            9,642

                           Additional provisions                                                                       13,431           17,865

                           Payments made / amounts utilised                                                            (6,999)         (10,953)

                           Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                      22,986           16,554


                         Nature of provision
                         This provision relates to development costs yet to be incurred for lots/units that have settled and revenue
                         recognised at balance date and provisions for development obligations under agreements with various state and
                         local authorities and land purchase contracts. The provision is determined using detailed cost estimates for the
                         underlying expenditure, typically supported by engineering estimates and consistent with the assumptions
                         underpinning bank guarantees (where relevant) as described in note 29. The provision is presented as current
                         when work is expected to commence within the next 12 months.

                         * Prior period restatement
                         Prior year comparatives for provisions and inventory have been restated to reflect the inclusion of development
                         cost provisions of $16,554,000.




                        78 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        16. Deferred tax
                        (i)         Assets

                                                                                                                                                         2022
                                                                                                                                      2023          *Restated
                                                                                                            Notes                    $’000              $’000

                          The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:

                          Inventory                                                                                                   948               1,307

                          Capital losses                                                                                             1,889              1,745

                          Provision for customer rebates                                                                             2,236              2,205

                          Property, plant and equipment                                                                               212                344

                          Provision for development costs                                                                            6,896              4,966

                          Provision for employee benefits                                                                            1,039               862

                          Other                                                                                                       304                202




For personal use only
                          Total deferred tax assets                                                                              13,524                11,631

                          Set-off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                                         (13,524)             (11,631)

                          Net deferred tax assets                                                                                        -                  -



                          Deferred tax assets at the start of the year                                                           11,631                 8,593

                          Increase in deferred tax assets credited to income tax expense                         3                   1,892              3,033

                          Increase in deferred tax assets credited to equity                                                            1                  5

                          Deferred tax assets at the end of the year                                                             13,524                11,631



                          Deferred tax assets expected to be recovered within 12 months                                              8,556              6,356

                          Deferred tax assets expected to be recovered after more than 12 months                                     4,968              5,275

                                                                                                                                 13,524                11,631



                                                                       Provision                    Provision        Provision for
                                                                              for                          for       development
                                                      Inventory        customer           Capital   employee                costs                       Total
                                                      Restated*          rebates          losses     benefits           Restated*        Other      Restated*
                          Movements                       $’000            $’000            $’000       $’000                $’000       $’000          $’000

                          At 1 July 2021                     615           1,619           1,745          824               2,892            898        8,593

                          (Charged) credited

                          - to profit or loss                692             586                -          38               2,074        (357)          3,033

                          - directly to equity                  -               -               -            -                   -             5           5

                          At 30 June 2022                   1,307          2,205           1,745          862               4,966            546       11,631

                          (Charged) credited

                          - to profit or loss               (359)              31            144          177               1,930            (31)       1,892

                          - directly to equity                  -               -               -            -                   -             1           1

                          At 30 June 2023                    948           2,236           1,889        1,039               6,896            516       13,524


                        * See Note 15 for details regarding the restatement.




                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023             79
                         (ii)       Liabilities

                                                                                                                                                  2022
                                                                                                                              2023           *Restated
                                                                                                         Notes               $’000               $’000

                           The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:

                           Inventory                                                                                        13,672               9,211

                           Deferred development costs                                                                        1,167               1,192

                           Property, plant and equipment                                                                     1,125                621

                           Contract assets                                                                                    999                 977

                           Derivative financial instruments                                                                   556                 738

                           Other                                                                                             1,488               1,150

                           Total deferred tax liabilities                                                                   19,007              13,889

                           Set off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                                (13,524)              (11,631)




For personal use only
                           Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                      5,483               2,258


                           Deferred tax liabilities at the start of the year                                                13,889              10,414

                           Increase in deferred tax liabilities debited (credited) to income tax
                           expense                                                                         3                 5,118               3,475

                           Deferred tax liabilities at the end of the year                                                  19,007              13,889


                           Deferred tax liabilities expected to be settled within 12 months                                  8,059               6,419

                           Deferred tax liabilities expected to be settled after more than 12 months                        10,948               7,470

                                                                                                                            19,007              13,889



                                                                   Deferred             Property,             Derivative
                                                     Inventory development                plant &   Contract    financial                          Total
                                                     Restated*        costs            equipment     assets instruments              Other     Restated*
                          Movements                      $’000        $’000                 $’000     $’000         $’000            $’000         $’000

                          At 1 July 2021                    6,493              1,638         251       1,242            -             790         10,414

                          Charged (credited)

                          - to profit or loss               2,718              (446)         370       (265)         738              360          3,475

                          At 30 June 2022                   9,211              1,192         621        977          738             1,150        13,889

                          Charged (credited)

                          - to profit or loss               4,461               (25)         504         22         (182)             338          5,118

                          At 30 June 2023               13,672                 1,167        1,125       999          556             1,488        19,007


                         * See Note 15 for details regarding the restatement.




                        80 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        17. Equity
                                                                                       2023            2022             2023            2022
                                                                                     Shares          Shares            $’000           $’000

                          Movement in ordinary share capital

                          Start of the year                                       82,127,852      81,344,846         137,333         133,119

                          Shares issued pursuant to the dividend
                          reinvestment plan:

                          Ordinary shares issued on 29 October 2021 at $5.89                -        678,422                -          3,996

                          Shares issued pursuant to the bonus share plan:

                          Ordinary shares issued on 29 October 2021                         -         39,857

                          Shares issued under employee share scheme:

                          Ordinary shares issued on 26 August 2022                    82,085                -            465                  -

                          Ordinary shares issued on 27 August 2021                          -         64,727                -              230




For personal use only
                          Transaction costs arising on share issues                         -               -             (3)              (12)

                                                                                      82,085         783,006             462           4,214

                          End of the year                                         82,209,937      82,127,852         137,795         137,333

                        Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to participate in dividends and the proceeds on any winding up of the
                        company in proportion to the number of shares held. On a show of hands every holder of ordinary shares present
                        at a shareholder meeting in person or by proxy, is entitled to one vote, and upon a poll each share is entitled to
                        one vote.

                        Holders of performance rights or zero-price options under executive or employee share plans are not entitled to
                        participate in dividends or any winding up of the company, nor are they entitled to vote at shareholder meetings.

                        (i)       Dividend reinvestment plan

                        The company has established a dividend reinvestment plan under which holders of ordinary shares may elect to
                        have all or part of their dividend satisfied by the issue of new ordinary shares rather than being paid in cash.
                        Shares may be issued under the plan at a discount to the market price, at the discretion of the Directors.

                        (ii)      Bonus share plan

                        The company has established a bonus share plan under which holders of ordinary shares may elect not to
                        receive dividends but to receive instead additional fully paid shares issued as ‘Bonus Shares’ to the equivalent
                        value of the dividend foregone. The entitlement for shares issued under the plan is calculated based on the same
                        pricing mechanism as the dividend reinvestment plan, including any discount.

                        For the 2023 financial year, the dividend reinvestment plan and bonus share plan were not in operation for the
                        2022 final dividend and 2023 interim dividend.

                        (iii)     Employee share scheme

                        Details of the company’s employee share scheme can be found in note 35 and in the remuneration report on
                        pages 46 - 50 of this financial report.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023            81
                         18. Reserves
                         The following table shows the composition and movement in reserves during the year. A description of the nature
                         and purpose of reserves is provided below the table.

                                                                                                       Notes           2023           2022
                                                                                                                      $’000          $’000

                          Composition

                          Employee share plan reserve                                                   (i)           1,742          1,815

                          Balance at the end of the year                                                              1,742          1,815



                          Movements

                          (i) Employee share plan reserve

                          Balance at the beginning of the year                                                        1,815          1,302

                          Share-based payments expense                                                                 855             922




For personal use only
                          Transfer to equity                                                            17            (465)          (230)

                          Transfer to retained profits                                                  19            (463)          (179)

                          Balance at the end of the year                                                              1,742          1,815


                         The share-based payments reserve is used to recognise the grant date fair value of the rights issued to
                         employees adjusted for those rights not expected to vest. Refer to note 34.


                         19. Retained profits
                                                                                                                       2023           2022
                                                                                                       Notes          $’000          $’000

                          Retained profits at the start of the year                                                282,075         265,937

                          Net profit attributable to members of Cedar Woods                                         31,635          37,388

                          Transfers from reserves                                                       18             463             182

                          Dividends provided for or paid                                                25         (22,608)        (21,432)

                          Retained profits at the end of the year                                                  291,565         282,075




                        82 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        20. Categories of financial assets and financial liabilities
                        Notes 5, 6, 9, 13 and 14 provide information about the group’s financial instruments, including:

                        (i)     Specific information about each type of financial instrument
                        (ii)    Accounting policies
                        (iii)   Information about determining the fair value of the instruments, including judgements and estimation
                                uncertainty involved.

                        The group holds the following financial instruments:

                                                                                               Derivatives        Financial
                                                                                                 used for         assets at
                                                                                                 hedging     amortised cost             Total
                          Financial Assets                                 Notes                    $’000              $’000            $’000

                          2023

                          Cash and cash equivalents                           5                          -             6,802            6,802

                          Trade and other receivables*                        6                          -             8,388            8,388




For personal use only
                          Derivative financial instruments                    9                     1,853                   -           1,853

                          Total                                                                     1,853             15,190           17,043

                          2022

                          Cash and cash equivalents                           5                          -             2,957            2,957

                          Trade and other receivables*                        6                          -            15,500           15,500

                          Derivative financial instruments                    9                     2,459                   -           2,459

                          Total                                                                     2,459             18,457           20,916

                        * Excluding prepayments and contract assets.

                                                                                               Derivatives        Financial
                                                                                                 used for      liabilities at
                                                                                                 hedging     amortised cost             Total
                          Financial Liabilities                            Notes                    $’000              $’000            $’000

                          2023

                          Trade and other payables                           13                          -            33,690           33,690

                          Borrowings                                         14                          -          202,608        202,608

                          Other financial liabilities                         9                          -            73,531           73,531

                          Lease liabilities                                                              -             2,191            2,191

                          Total                                                                          -          312,020        312,020

                          2022

                          Trade and other payables                           13                          -            26,898           26,898

                          Borrowings                                         14                          -          201,645        201,645

                          Other financial liabilities                         9                          -          112,310        112,310

                          Lease liabilities                                                              -             1,168            1,168

                          Total                                                                          -          342,021        342,021




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023        83
                         CASH FLOW INFORMATION
                         21. Cash flow information
                         (i)        Reconciliation of profit after income tax to net cash inflows (outflows) from operating activities

                                                                                                                                              2022
                                                                                                                             2023        *Restated
                                                                                                                            $’000            $’000

                           Profit after income tax                                                                         31,635           37,388

                           Depreciation and amortisation                                                                    2,651            3,064

                           Amortisation of lease incentives and legal fees                                                    256             524

                           Write down of assets – investment property and lease incentives                                      -              36

                           Write down of inventory                                                                            933                -

                           Write down or loss on sale of non-current assets                                                   901             262

                           Fair value loss (gain) on financial assets and liabilities                                         606          (2,536)




For personal use only
                           Non-cash share-based payments expense                                                              855             922

                           Other income                                                                                         -            (521)

                           Changes in operating assets and liabilities

                           Increase (decrease) in provisions for employee benefits                                            201              (1)

                           Increase in provisions                                                                           6,432            7,080

                           Increase in contract liabilities                                                                   115            2,040

                           Decrease (increase) in inventories                                                               8,668        (135,686)

                           Decrease in other deferred development costs                                                        80            1,488

                           (Increase) in deferred tax assets                                                              (5,032)            (624)

                           (Decrease) in current income tax payable                                                       (2,839)          (1,586)

                           Increase in deferred tax liability                                                               8,256            1,062

                           Decrease in capitalised borrowing costs                                                            145             489

                           Decrease (increase) in trade receivables                                                         6,652          (3,736)

                           Decrease in contract assets                                                                        324             699

                           Increase in trade creditors                                                                      6,792            5,292

                           (Decrease) increase in other financial liabilities                                            (43,929)           18,508

                           Net cash inflows (outflows) from operating activities                                          23,702          (65,836)

                         *See note 15 for details regarding the restatement.




                        84 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        (ii)      Net debt reconciliation

                        This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in debt for each of the periods presented.

                                                                                                                     2023            2022
                                                                                                                    $’000           $’000

                          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 6,802           2,957

                          Borrowings – repayable within one year                                                         -       (29,159)

                          Borrowings – repayable after one year                                                 (202,608)       (172,486)

                          Net debt                                                                              (195,806)       (198,688)



                          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 6,802           2,957

                          Gross debt – variable interest rates                                                  (202,608)       (201,645)

                          Net debt                                                                              (195,806)       (198,688)




For personal use only
                                                                               Other Assets          Liabilities from financing activities

                                                                                               Borrowings    Borrowings
                                                                                                due within     due after
                                                                                       Cash         1 year        1 year            Total
                                                                                       $’000         $’000         $’000            $’000

                          Net debt as at 30 June 2021                                  5,386             -      (118,714)       (113,328)

                          Cash flows                                                 (2,429)      (29,193)       (53,249)        (84,871)

                          Other non-cash movements                                         -            34           (523)          (489)

                          Net debt as at 30 June 2022                                  2,957      (29,159)      (172,486)       (198,688)

                          Cash flows                                                   3,845        29,193       (29,537)           3,501

                          Other non-cash movements                                         -          (34)           (585)          (619)

                          Net debt as at 30 June 2023                                  6,802             -      (202,608)       (195,806)




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023              85
For personal use only
                                      SECTION B:
                                      FINANCIAL RISKS
                                      This section of the notes discusses the group’s exposure to various risks and
                                      shows how these could affect the group’s financial position and performance.



                                      22. Significant estimates and judgements                                   87

                                      23. Financial Risk Management                                              88

                                      24. Capital management objectives and gearing                              92

                                      25. Dividends                                                              93




                        86 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        SIGNIFICANT ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
                        The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, will seldom
                        equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the group’s accounting
                        policies.

                        This note provides an overview of the areas that involved a higher degree of judgement or complexity and of
                        items which are more likely to be materially adjusted due to estimates and judgements turning out to be
                        inaccurate. Detailed information about each of these estimates and judgements is presented below.

                        22. Significant estimates and judgements
                        Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors,
                        including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity. The judgements that have a
                        significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts or presentation of assets and liabilities
                        within the next financial year are discussed below.
                        a)     Inventory - classification




For personal use only
                        Judgement is exercised with respect to estimating the classification of inventory between current and non-current
                        assets. Inventory is classified as current only when sales are expected to result in realisation of cash within the
                        next twelve months, based on executed sales contracts at year end and management’s settlement forecasts.
                        b)     Inventory - valuation
                        The recoverable amount of inventory is estimated based on an assessment of net realisable value including future
                        development costs. This requires judgement as to the future cash flows likely to be generated from the properties
                        included in inventory, including in some cases, judgement regarding the likelihood and timing of obtaining
                        planning, environmental and development approvals. Other items of estimation within project cash flow models
                        utilised for assessing the recoverable amount of inventory can include future sales rate, sales prices, further
                        development costs required to complete the inventory for settlement and in some cases escalation of revenues
                        and costs and total project yield.

                        Management make informed estimates drawing on historical and recent experience, expert advice from
                        consultants, third party valuations and economic and property market forecasts. In the current period, estimates
                        have considered the impact of rising interest rates and inflation, in particular on customer demand and its effect
                        on future sales rates and prices as well as cost of materials.

                        If approvals are not received when anticipated or forecasts of project yield, sale prices or future costs are
                        significantly inaccurate, the recoverable amount of inventory may be significantly impaired. Refer also to note 35
                        (i).

                        There were no critical judgements other than those involving estimates referred to above, that management made
                        in applying the group’s accounting policies.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023            87
                         FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
                         This note explains the group’s exposure to financial risks and how these risks could affect the group’s future
                         financial performance. Current year profit and loss information has been included where relevant to add further
                         context.

                         23. Financial Risk Management
                         The group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks:

                             Risk                               Exposure arising from         Measurement                Management
                             Market risk – interest rate        Long term borrowings at       Cash flow forecasting      Interest rate swaps
                             risk                               variable rates                Sensitivity analysis

                             Credit risk                        Cash and cash equivalents,    Ageing analysis            Ongoing checks by
                                                                trade and other receivables   Credit ratings             management
                                                                and derivative financial                                 Contractual arrangements
                                                                instruments                   Management of deposits

                             Liquidity risk                     Borrowings and other          Forecast and actual cash   Flexibility in funding




For personal use only
                                                                liabilities                   flows                      arrangements

                         Financial risk management is considered part of the overall risk management program overseen by the Audit and
                         Risk Management committee. Further detail on the types of risks to which the group is exposed and the way the
                         group manages these risks is set out below.

                         The group holds the following financial instruments:

                                                                                                                                 2023                2022
                                                                                                                                $’000               $’000


                             Financial assets

                             Cash and cash equivalents                                                                          6,802               2,957

                             Trade and other receivables*                                                                       8,388              15,500

                             Derivative financial instruments                                                                   1,853               2,459

                                                                                                                               17,043              20,916


                             Financial liabilities

                             Trade and other payables                                                                          33,690              26,898

                             Other financial liabilities                                                                       73,531             112,310

                             Borrowings                                                                                       202,608             201,645

                             Lease liabilities                                                                                  2,191               1,168

                                                                                                                              312,020             342,021

                         *Excluding prepayments and contract assets

                        a)     Market risk

                         (i)          Price risk

                         The consolidated entity has no foreign exchange exposure, price risk on equity securities or commodity purchase
                         contracts.




                        88 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        (ii)       Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk

                        As the consolidated entity does not have a significant portfolio of interest-bearing assets, the income and
                        operating cash inflows are not materially exposed to changes in market interest rates.

                        Interest rate risk arises from exposures to long term borrowings, where those borrowings are issued at variable
                        interest rates. Borrowings issued at variable interest rates expose the group to cash flow interest rate risk.

                        The consolidated entity reviews the potential impact of variable interest rate changes and considers various
                        interest rate management products in the context of prevailing monetary policy of the Reserve Bank and
                        economic conditions. Accordingly, the consolidated entity has entered into interest rate swap and cap contracts
                        under which a part of the consolidated entity’s projected borrowings are protected for the period from July 2023 to
                        July 2026.

                        There is an indirect exposure to interest rate changes caused by the impact of these changes upon the property
                        market. The group addresses this risk by virtue of managing its pricing, product offer and development programs.

                        (iii)      Instruments used by the group




For personal use only
                        Interest rate caps effectively cap interest rates applicable to bank bills issued with duration of 3 months (BBSY
                        Bid) at certain levels between 1.00% - 3.00% (2022 – 1.00% - 3.00%).

                        The consolidated entity’s policy is to limit a significant proportion of its borrowings to a maximum fixed rate using
                        interest rate swaps or caps to achieve this when necessary. Hedge contracts in place at year end cover 47%
                        (2022 - 52%) of the variable loan outstanding at balance date of $203,193,000 (2021 - $201,993,000), with terms
                        expiring in 2023 and 2025.

                        The consolidated entity’s exposure to interest rate risk and the effective weighted average interest rate for
                        receivables and borrowings is set out below.

                                                                         2023                                          2022

                                                          Interest                                     Interest
                                                          bearing     Non-interest                     bearing      Non-interest
                                                         - variable       bearing         Total       - variable        bearing           Total
                                                             $’000           $’000       $’000            $’000            $’000          $’000

                          Receivables

                          Trade and other
                          receivables*                            -          8,387       8,387                 -          15,498         15,498

                          Employee share loans                    -              1           1                 -               2             2

                                                                  -          8,388       8,388                 -          15,500         15,500

                        * Excluding prepayments


                                                                          2023                                         2022

                                                          Interest        Interest                      Interest         Interest
                                                          bearing         bearing                       bearing          bearing
                                                            - fixed     - variable        Total           - fixed      - variable         Total
                                                            $’000           $’000        $’000            $’000            $’000          $’000

                          Interest bearing liabilities

                          Bank loans                              -       203,193      203,193                  -       201,993       201,993

                          Other financial liabilities      75,666                -      75,666          113,441                 -     113,441

                                                           75,666         203,193      278,859          113,441         201,993       315,434

                        The weighted average interest rate at year end is 5.76% (2022: 2.42%)
                        An analysis by maturity is provided in 23(c)i. below.




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023        89
                         (iv)         Summarised interest rate sensitivity analysis

                         The potential impact of a change in bank interest rates of + / -1% is not significant to the group’s net profit and
                         equity. The potential impact on financial assets is not significant. Refer to comments above for further information
                         on the impact of changes in interest rates upon the group.
                        b)      Credit risk

                         The consolidated entity has minimal exposure to credit risk from customers as title to lots or units in the
                         consolidated entity’s developments does not generally pass to customers until funds are received.

                         Policies and procedures are in place to mitigate credit risk including management of deposits and review of the
                         financial capacity of customers. Ongoing checks are performed by management to ensure that settlement terms
                         detailed in individual contracts are adhered to. For land under option the consolidated entity typically secures its
                         rights by way of encumbrances on the underlying land titles. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting
                         date is the carrying amount of the financial assets as summarised above.

                         Derivative counterparties and cash deposits are placed with high credit quality financial institutions, such as major




For personal use only
                         trading banks.

                         Credit risk may arise in relation to bank guarantees given to certain parties. These guarantees are supported by
                         contractual arrangements that bind the counterparty, providing security against inappropriate presentation of the
                         bank guarantees.
                        c)      Liquidity risk

                         Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and available credit facilities to manage the
                         consolidated entity’s financial commitments. The group manages liquidity risk by continuously monitoring forecast
                         and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities. During the year
                         forecasts involved scenario modelling including downside cases, conditional and potential acquisition scenarios
                         and possible impacts from external events. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, the group
                         aims at maintaining flexibility in funding by keeping committed credit lines available.

                         At 30 June 2023 the group had undrawn committed facilities of $107,371,000 (2022 - $88,634,000) and cash of
                         $6,802,000 (2022 - $2,957,000) to cover short term funding requirements. Refer to note 14(ii) for details. The
                         Company continued to operate within all of its facility covenants throughout FY2023.

                         (i)          Maturities of financial liabilities

                         The tables below analyse the group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining
                         period at the reporting date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table for non-interest
                         bearing liabilities are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. For variable interest rate liabilities, the cash flows
                         have been estimated using interest rates applicable at the reporting date.

                                                                                                                           Total
                                                             Less than 1         Between 1     Between 2    Over 5   contractual       Carrying
                                                                    year        and 2 years   and 5 years    years    cash flows        amount
                             Group – at 30 June 2023               $’000             $’000         $’000     $’000        $’000           $’000

                             Non-derivatives

                             Non-interest bearing                 33,690                44            12         -       33,746          33,746

                             Fixed rate                           71,926             7,108         1,173      133        80,340          75,666

                             Variable rate                                  -       30,822       220,020         -      250,842        202,608

                             Derivatives                                    -             -             -        -             -               -

                             Total                               105,616            37,974       221,205      133       364,928        312,020




                        90 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                                                                                                                                Total
                                                             Less than 1     Between 1       Between 2         Over 5     contractual      Carrying
                                                                    year    and 2 years     and 5 years         years      cash flows       amount
                             Group – at 30 June 2022              $’000          $’000              $’000       $’000          $’000          $’000

                             Non-derivatives

                             Non-interest bearing                26,898             25                24              -       26,947         26,947

                             Fixed rate                          89,490         25,811               157          110        116,028       113,429

                             Variable rate                       30,026               -        192,138                -      222,164       201,645

                             Derivatives                               -              -                 -             -                -          -

                             Total                              146,414         25,836         192,319            110        365,139       342,021

                        d)     Fair value measurement

                        This note provides information on the judgements and estimates made by the group in determining the fair values
                        of the financial instruments.

                        (i)           Fair value hierarchy




For personal use only
                        To provide an indication on the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the group classifies its
                        financial instruments into three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of each level
                        follows underneath the table.

                        The following table presents the group’s financial assets and liabilities measured and recognised at fair value at
                        30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022:

                                                                                          Level 1           Level 2          Level 3           Total
                             As at 30 June 2023                     Notes                  $’000             $’000            $’000            $’000

                             Assets

                             Derivatives used for hedging             9                         -            1,853                 -           1,853

                             Total assets                                                       -            1,853                 -           1,853



                                                                                          Level 1           Level 2          Level 3           Total
                             As at 30 June 2022                     Notes                  $’000             $’000            $’000            $’000

                             Assets

                             Derivatives used for hedging             9                         -            2,459                 -           2,459

                             Total assets                                                       -            2,459                 -           2,459



                        (ii)          Valuation techniques used to determine fair values

                        Level 1 – The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives) is
                        based on quoted (unadjusted) market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted market price used for
                        the financial assets held by the group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.

                        Level 2 – The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (such as derivatives
                        provided by trading banks) is determined using market valuations provided by those banks at reporting date.
                        These instruments are included in level 2.

                        Level 3 – If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instruments is
                        included in level 3.




                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023          91
                         CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
                         24. Capital management objectives and gearing
                         The consolidated entity’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going
                         concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to
                         maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

                         In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the group will consider a range of alternatives which may
                         include:

                               raising or reducing borrowings
                               adjusting the dividend policy
                               issue of new securities
                               return of capital to shareholders
                               sale of assets.
                         Gearing is a measure used to monitor the levels of debt used in the business to fund operations. The primary




For personal use only
                         gearing ratio is calculated as interest bearing bank debt net of cash and cash equivalents divided by
                         shareholders’ equity. Gearing is managed by reference to a guideline which sets the desirable upper and lower
                         limits for the gearing ratio. The group’s gearing is then addressed by utilising capital management initiatives as
                         discussed above.

                         The gearing ratios were as follows:

                                                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                                       Note              $’000             $’000



                             Total interest-bearing bank debt                                           14             202,608        201,645

                             Less: cash and cash equivalents                                            5              (6,802)        (2,957)

                             Net bank debt                                                                             195,806        198,688



                             Shareholders’ equity                                                                      431,102        421,223

                             Gearing ratio                                                                              45.4%          47.2%

                         The group’s guideline is to target gearing within the range of 20-75% The group operated comfortably within the
                         target range during the financial year.

                         For ease of comparison to ASX listed peer companies operating in the property sector, the group also measures
                         gearing on a net bank debt to total tangible assets less cash basis. On this basis gearing at year end is 25.3%
                         (2022: 25.1%).
                        a)     Loan covenants

                         Under the terms of the major borrowing facilities, the group has complied with covenants throughout the reporting
                         period. Debt covenants are disclosed in note 14 and include requirements in relation to a maximum loan-to-
                         valuation ratio, a maximum leverage ratio (net debt to EBITDA) and minimum interest cover ratio.




                        92 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        25. Dividends
                        a)     Ordinary shares

                                                                                                                                   2023      2022
                                                                                                                                  $’000     $’000

                             Fully franked based on tax paid at 30%

                             Final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2022 of 14.5 cents (2021 – 13.5 cents) per fully
                             paid share

                             - Paid in cash                                                                                      11,921     6,760

                             - Satisfied by shares under the dividend reinvestment plan                                               -     3,996

                             Interim dividend for the year ended 30 June 2023 of 13.0 cents (2022 – 13.0 cents) per fully
                             paid share

                             - Paid in cash                                                                                      10,687    10,676

                             Total                                                                                               22,608    21,432

                        b)     Dividends not recognised at the year end




For personal use only
                        In addition to the above dividends, since year end the directors have recommended the payment of a final
                        dividend of 7.0 cents per fully paid ordinary share (2022 – 14.5 cents), fully franked based on the tax paid at 30%.
                        The aggregate amount of the proposed dividend expected to be paid on 27 October 2023 out of retained profits at
                        30 June 2023, but not recognised as a liability at year end is below:

                                                                                                                                   2023      2022
                                                                                                                                  $’000     $’000

                             Dividends not recognised at year end                                                                 5,755    11,909

                        c)     Franked Dividends

                        The franked portions of the final dividend proposed at 30 June 2023 will be franked from existing franking credits
                        or from franking credits arising from the payment of income tax in the next financial year.

                                                                                                                                   2023      2022
                                                                                                                                  $’000     $’000

                             Franking credits available for the subsequent financial year
                             on a tax-paid basis of 30% (2022 – 30%)                                                            117,135   113,566

                        The above amounts represent the franking accounts at the end of the financial year, adjusted for:

                        (i)     Franking credits that will arise from the payment of the current tax liability;

                        (ii) Franking debits that will arise from the payment of dividends recognised as a liability at the reporting date;

                        (iii) Franking credits that will arise from the receipt of dividends recognised as receivables at the reporting date.

                        The impact on the franking account of the dividend recommended by the directors since year end, but not
                        recognised as a liability at year end, will be a reduction in the franking account of $2,466,000 (2022 - $5,104,000).




                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   93
                                      SECTION C:




For personal use only
                                      GROUP
                                      STRUCTURE
                                      This section provides information which will help users understand how the
                                      group structure affects the financial position and performance of the group as
                                      a whole.




                                      26. Subsidiaries                                                             95

                                      27. Deed of cross guarantee                                                  96

                                      28. Parent entity financial information                                      96




                        94 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        GROUP STRUCTURE
                        26. Subsidiaries
                        The group’s operating subsidiaries at 30 June 2023 are set out below. Unless otherwise stated, they have share
                        capital consisting solely of ordinary shares or units that are held directly by the group and the proportion of
                        ownership interest held equals the voting rights held by the group. The subsidiaries are incorporated or
                        established in Australia. The principal activities of all subsidiary entities are property development and/or
                        investment in Australia.

                        The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results in accordance with the
                        accounting policy described in note 35(b).

                         Company                                                                                    Equity Holding
                                                                                                                      2023              2022
                         Cedar Woods Properties Finance Pty Ltd                                                      100%               100%
                         Cedar Woods Properties Harrisdale Pty Ltd                                                   100%               100%




For personal use only
                         Cedar Woods Properties Investments Pty Ltd                                                  100%               100%
                         Cedar Woods Properties Management Pty Ltd                                                   100%               100%
                         Cedar Woods Property Sales Pty Ltd                                                          100%               100%
                         Baret Developments Pty Ltd                                                                  100%               100%
                         Cranford Pty Ltd                                                                            100%               100%
                         Daleford Property Pty Ltd                                                                   100%               100%
                         Dunland Property Pty Ltd                                                                    100%               100%
                         Esplanade (Mandurah) Pty Ltd                                                                100%               100%
                         Eucalypt Property Pty Ltd                                                                   100%               100%
                         Flametree Property Pty Ltd                                                                  100%               100%
                         Galaway Holdings Pty Ltd                                                                    100%               100%
                         Gaythorne Pty Ltd                                                                           100%               100%
                         Geographe Property Pty Ltd                                                                  100%               100%
                         Huntsman Property Pty Ltd                                                                   100%               100%
                         Jarrah Property Pty Ltd                                                                     100%               100%
                         Kayea Property Pty Ltd                                                                      100%               100%
                         Lonnegal Property Pty Ltd                                                                   100%               100%
                         Osprey Property Pty Ltd                                                                     100%               100%
                         Silhouette Property Pty Ltd                                                                 100%               100%
                         Terra Property Pty Ltd                                                                      100%               100%
                         Upside Property Pty Ltd                                                                     100%               100%
                         Vintage Property Pty Ltd                                                                    100%               100%
                         Williams Landing Home Improvement Pty Ltd                                                   100%               100%
                         Williams Landing Home Improvement Trust                                                     100%               100%
                         Williams Landing Shopping Centre Pty Ltd                                                    100%               100%
                         Williams Landing Shopping Centre Trust                                                      100%               100%
                         Williams Landing Town Centre Pty Ltd                                                        100%               100%
                         Woodbrooke Property Pty Ltd                                                                 100%               100%
                         Yonder Property Pty Ltd                                                                     100%               100%
                         Zamia Property Pty Ltd                                                                      100%               100%




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023            95
                         27. Deed of Cross Guarantee
                         Cedar Woods Properties Limited and all subsidiaries listed at note 26 are parties to a deed of cross guarantee
                         under which each company guarantees the debts of the others. By entering the deed, the wholly-owned entities
                         have been relieved from the requirement to prepare a financial report and directors’ report under ASIC
                         Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785.

                         The companies referred to above as parties to the deed of cross guarantee represent a ‘closed group’ for the
                         purposes of the instrument, and as there are no other parties to the deed of cross guarantee that are controlled by
                         Cedar Woods Properties Limited, they also represent the ‘extended closed group’.
                        a)      Consolidated statement of profit or loss and comprehensive income for the year ended 30 June

                         The consolidated statement of profit or loss and comprehensive income for the year ended 30 June 2023 of the
                         closed group is the same as the consolidated group.
                        b)      Consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June

                         The consolidated balance sheet of the closed group at 30 June 2023 is the same as the consolidated group.




For personal use only
                         28. Parent Entity Financial Information
                         The financial information for the parent entity, Cedar Woods, has been prepared on the same basis as the
                         consolidated financial statements, except as detailed in notes (a) and (b) below.

                         The individual financial statements for the parent entity show the following aggregate amounts:

                                                                                                                      2023            2022
                                                                                                                     $’000           $’000
                             Balance sheet
                             Current assets                                                                         48,695          49,381
                             Total assets                                                                          492,969         505,487
                             Current liabilities                                                                  (42,236)         (55,716)
                             Total liabilities                                                                   (220,098)        (228,954)
                             Net assets                                                                            275,603         276,533

                             Shareholders’ equity
                             Issued capital                                                                        137,795         137,333
                             Reserves                                                                                1,742           1,815
                             Retained profits                                                                      136,066         137,385

                                                                                                                   275,603         276,533

                             Profit for the year                                                                    20,825          28,519
                             Total comprehensive income                                                             20,825          28,519




                        96 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        a)   Investments in subsidiaries

                        Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost in the financial statements of Cedar Woods. Such
                        investments include both investments in shares issued by the subsidiary and other parent entity interests that in
                        substance form part of the parent entity’s investment in the subsidiary.

                        These include investments in the form of interest free loans which have no fixed repayment terms and which have
                        been provided to subsidiaries as an additional source of long term capital.
                        b)   Tax consolidation legislation

                        Cedar Woods and its wholly owned Australian controlled entities have implemented the tax consolidation
                        legislation. Dormant entity, Baret Developments Pty Ltd is not registered for tax and thus not currently part of the
                        tax consolidated group.

                        The head entity, Cedar Woods, and the controlled entities in the tax-consolidated group account for their own
                        current and deferred tax amounts. These tax amounts are measured as if each entity in the tax-consolidated
                        group continues to be a standalone taxpayer in its own right. In addition to its own current and deferred tax




For personal use only
                        amounts, Cedar Woods also recognises the current tax liabilities (or assets) and the deferred tax assets arising
                        from unused tax losses and unused tax credits assumed from controlled entities in the tax-consolidated group.

                        The entities in the tax consolidated group have also entered into a tax funding agreement under which the
                        subsidiaries fully compensate the parent for any current tax payable assumed and are compensated by the parent
                        for any current tax receivable and deferred tax assets relating to unused tax losses that are transferred to the
                        parent under the tax consolidation legislation. The funding amounts are determined by reference to the amounts
                        recognised in the subsidiaries’ financial statements.

                        The amounts receivable/payable under the tax funding agreement are due upon receipt of the funding advice
                        from the head entity when it is issued. The head entity may require payment of interim funding amounts to assist
                        with its obligations to pay tax instalments.

                        Assets or liabilities arising under tax funding agreements with the tax consolidated entities are recognised as
                        current amounts receivable from or payable to other entities in the group.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023          97
For personal use only
                                      SECTION D:
                                      UNRECOGNISED
                                      ITEMS
                                      This section of the notes provides information about items that are not
                                      recognised in the financial statements as they do not satisfy the recognition
                                      criteria.

                                      29. Contingent Liabilities                                                      99

                                      30. Commitments                                                                 99

                                      31. Events occurring after the reporting period                                 98




                        98 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        UNRECOGNISED ITEMS
                        29. Contingent liabilities
                        Bank guarantees
                        At 30 June 2023 bank guarantees totalling $49,436,000 (2022 - $39,373,000) had been provided to various state
                        and local authorities supporting development and maintenance commitments. Some of these development
                        commitments are recognised in inventory in the financial statements where the costs have been expended or
                        provided for in part.

                        30. Commitments
                        Capital commitments
                        At 30 June 2023 the consolidated entity had commitments under civil works, building construction and
                        landscaping construction for development of its projects in the ordinary course of business. The total amount
                        contracted for work yet to be completed for civil works was $36,763,000 (2022 - $26,327,000), for building
                        construction was $133,510,000 (2022 - $88,789,000) and for landscaping construction was $2,803,000 (2022 -
                        $2,412,000). This work will be substantially completed in the next 12 months.




For personal use only
                        31. Events occurring after the reporting period
                        Refer to note 25(b) for details of the final dividend recommended by the directors, to be paid on 27 October 2023.

                        No other matters or circumstances have arisen since 30 June 2023 that have significantly affected or may
                        significantly affect:

                            the consolidated entity’s operations in future financial years; or
                            the results of those operations in future financial years; or
                            the consolidated entity’s state of affairs in future financial years.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023         99
                                     SECTION E:




For personal use only
                                     FURTHER
                                     INFORMATION
                                     Section E contains information that is not immediately related to
                                     individual line items in the financial statements, such as related
                                     party transactions, share based payments and a full list of the
                                     accounting policies applied by the entity.




                                     32. Related Party Transactions                                101
                                     32. Remuneration of Auditors                                  101
                                     34. Employee Share Scheme                                     102
                                     35. Summary of Accounting Policies                            102
                                     36. Segment Information                                       110




                        100 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        32. Related Party Transactions
                        a)      Key management personnel compensation

                        Additional disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in the Directors’ Report.

                                                                                                                           Consolidated

                                                                                                                           2023            2022
                                                                                                                              $               $

                             Short-term employee benefits                                                              2,681,086    2,829,837

                             Post-employment benefits                                                                   144,818       160,983

                             Long-term employee benefits                                                                444,770       599,348

                                                                                                                       3,270,674    3,590,168

                        b)     Group

                        The group consists of Cedar Woods Properties Limited and its controlled entities. A list of these entities and the
                        ownership interests held by the parent entity are set out in note 26.




For personal use only
                        c)     Parent entity

                        The parent entity within the group is Cedar Woods Properties Limited.
                        d)     Transactions with other related parties

                        During the year, planning, architectural and consulting services were provided by Hames Sharley Architects of
                        which Director, Mr W G Hames is a principal and Property settlement charges were paid to Westland Settlement
                        Services Pty Ltd, a company associated with the family of Director, Mr R S Brown. For detailed disclosures please
                        see the remuneration report on page 57.

                        33. Remuneration of Auditors
                        During the year the following fees were paid or payable to the auditor of the parent entity:

                                                                                                                           2023            2022
                             PricewaterhouseCoopers – Australian firm & Related network firms                                 $               $

                             Assurance services

                             - Audit and review of the financial statements                                             309,817       308,612

                             - Agreed upon procedures                                                                     3,305                -

                             Total fees for assurance services                                                          313,122       308,612

                             Non-audit services

                             - Taxation compliance, legal and advisory services                                          52,020           87,210

                             Total fees for non-audit services                                                           52,020           87,210

                             Total assurance and non-audit services                                                     365,142       395,822




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023 101
                         34. Employee Share Scheme
                         The current Long Term Incentive (LTI) plans effective from 1 July 2020 for FY2021, from 1 July 2021 for FY2022
                         and from 1 July 2022 for FY2023 will continue in FY2024.

                         The current LTI plan for the MD and executives has two vesting conditions a) a 3 year service condition and b)
                         two performance conditions measured over a 3 year period: 50 per cent of the LTI grant will be tested against a
                         relative total shareholder return (“TSR”) hurdle (measured against the S&P / ASX Small Industrials Index) and 50
                         per cent against earnings per share (“EPS”) growth compared with the Corporate plan targets.

                         Full details of the operation of the current LTI plan are set out in the remuneration report on pages 46 - 50 of this
                         annual report.

                         The MD receives 65% of the STI in cash, with 35% deferred by way of a grant of zero-price options under the
                         Deferred Short-Term Incentive (DSTI) Plan (FY2022 – 65% cash STI and 35% DSTI). The STI including the DSTI
                         is awarded based on the Remuneration and Nominations Committee’s assessment of the company’s overall
                         performance using the Balanced Scorecard. Full details of the operation of the current DSTI plan are set out in




For personal use only
                         the remuneration report on page 45 of this annual financial report.

                         35. Summary of Accounting Policies
                         The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out
                         below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated. Where
                         necessary, comparative information is reclassified and restated for consistency with current period disclosures.
                         The financial statements are for the consolidated entity consisting of Cedar Woods and its subsidiaries.
                         a)    Basis of preparation
                         These general purpose financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting
                         Standards and Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board and the Corporations Act
                         2001. Cedar Woods is a for-profit entity for the purpose of preparing the financial statements.

                         (i)       Compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

                         The financial statements of the Cedar Woods group also comply with IFRS as issued by the International
                         Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

                                   (ii)     Historical cost convention
                         These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by the
                         revaluation of available-for-sale financial assets and derivative financial instruments.

                                   (iii)    New and amended standards adopted by the group
                         The group has applied the following standards and amendments for the first time for the annual reporting period
                         commencing 1 July 2022:

                              AASB 2020-3 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Annual Improvements 2018–2020 and
                               Other Amendments [AASB 1, AASB 3, AASB 9, AASB 116, AASB 137 & AASB 141].
                         The amendments listed above did not have any impact on the amounts recognised in prior periods and are not
                         expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.

                                   (iv)     New standards and interpretations not yet adopted
                         Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for 30 June
                         2023 reporting periods and have not been early adopted by the group.

                         These standards are not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated entity in the current or future
                         reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.

                                   (v)      Functional and presentation currency
                         The consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is the functional and presentation
                         currency of Cedar Woods.




                        102 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        b)   Principles of consolidation

                        (i)       Subsidiaries
                        The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all entities controlled by Cedar
                        Woods (parent) as at 30 June 2023 and the results of all subsidiaries for the year then ended. Cedar Woods and
                        its subsidiaries together are referred to in these financial statements as the consolidated entity or the group.
                        Subsidiaries are those entities over which the parent has the power to govern the financial and operating policies,
                        generally accompanying a shareholding of one-half or more of the voting rights.

                        The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations by the group. Subsidiaries are
                        fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the parent. They are de-consolidated from the
                        date that control ceases.
                        All inter-company balances and transactions between companies within the consolidated entity are eliminated
                        upon consolidation.

                        (ii)      Joint arrangements
                        Joint arrangements – Under AASB 11 Joint Arrangements, investments in joint arrangements are classified as
                        either joint operations or joint ventures. The classification depends on the contractual rights and obligations of




For personal use only
                        each investor, rather than the legal structure of the joint arrangement.
                        Joint operations - The consolidated entity recognises its direct right to assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses
                        of joint operations, which have been incorporated in the financial statements under the appropriate headings.
                        Joint ventures - Interest in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method (see below), after initially
                        being recognised at cost in the consolidated balance sheet.

                        (iii)    Equity method
                        Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter to
                        recognise the group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in profit or loss, and the
                        group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income.
                        The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with the policy
                        described in note 35(p).

                        c) Segment reporting
                        Management has determined the operating segment based on the reports reviewed by the Managing Director that
                        are used to make strategic decisions. The Managing Director has been identified as the chief operating decision
                        maker. Refer note 36 for details.
                        d) Business combinations
                        The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations. Cost is measured as the
                        fair value of the assets given, or liabilities undertaken at the date of acquisition. Acquisition related costs are
                        expensed as incurred.
                        Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are discounted
                        to their present values at the date of acquisition. The discount rate used is the incremental borrowing rate applied
                        by the consolidated entity’s financiers for a similar borrowing under comparable terms and conditions.
                        e) Revenue and other income
                        (i)      Sale of land and buildings
                        Revenue arising from the sale of land and buildings is recognised when control over the property has been
                        transferred to the customer. In most of the group’s contracts this is the point in time at which legal title passes to
                        the customer.
                        The revenue is measured at the transaction price agreed under the contract, with revenue relating to customer
                        rebates recognised separately where applicable.

                        (ii)     Sale of land and buildings – customer rebates
                        Certain contracts for the sale of land and buildings include an obligation of the group to provide goods, services,
                        or payments to the customer, subject to certain performance conditions. These contracts provide a right to
                        customers that forms a separate performance obligation.
                        The transaction price is allocated to the performance obligations on a relative stand-alone selling basis.
                        Management estimates the stand-alone selling prices at the point in time that legal title passes to the customer
                        based on the contract value, and observable market prices of similar services.



                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023            103
                         The likelihood of redemption of each customer rebate is estimated at the time of transfer of legal title. If the
                         performance conditions of the customer are not met within the terms of the contract, the obligation expires, and
                         the group recognises the revenue attributable to the performance obligation without delivery of the goods,
                         services or payment

                         (iii)     Development services
                         Revenue from development services is recognised at a point in time where the group has satisfied contractual
                         performance obligations and control over the output has passed to the customer. In most instances this coincides
                         with the transfer of legal title of the developed land or building.

                         (iv)    Lease income
                         Income from operating leases is recognised over time on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.

                         (v)      Government grants
                         Grants from the government are recognised as other income at their fair value where there is a reasonable
                         assurance that the grant will be received and the group will comply with all attached conditions.

                         f) Income tax
                         The income tax expense or revenue for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income
                         based on the income tax rate in Australia adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to




For personal use only
                         temporary differences and to unused tax losses, if any.
                         The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantially enacted at the
                         end of the reporting period.
                         Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the
                         tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred
                         income tax is determined using the tax rates expected to apply when the assets are recovered or liabilities are
                         settled, based on those tax rates which are enacted or substantively enacted.
                         Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is
                         probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.
                         Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
                         and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority.
                         Cedar Woods and certain wholly owned Australian controlled entities have implemented the tax consolidation
                         legislation. As a consequence, these entities are taxed as a single entity and the deferred tax assets and liabilities
                         of these entities are set off in the consolidated financial statements.
                         Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit and loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in
                         other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive
                         income or directly in equity respectively.
                         g) Cash and cash equivalents
                         For cash flow statement presentation purposes, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, and deposits
                         at call which are readily convertible to cash on hand and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
                         Bank overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities on the balance sheet.
                         h) Trade and other receivables
                         Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary course
                         of business. Other receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and are
                         not quoted in an active market. If collection of the amounts is expected in one year or less they are classified as
                         current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets. Trade receivables are generally due for
                         settlement within 30 days and therefore are all classified as current.
                         For trade receivables, the group applies the simplified approach permitted by AASB9, which requires expected
                         lifetime credit losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables. To measure the lifetime expected
                         credit loss for rental debtors, a provision is raised against each debtor based upon the payment profile over the
                         last 12 months, adjusted for current and forward-looking information supporting the expected settlement of the
                         receivable.




                        104 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        i)    Inventories
                        (i)   Property held for development and resale

                        Property purchased for development and sale is valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost
                        includes acquisition and subsequent development costs, and applicable borrowing costs incurred during
                        development. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the
                        estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. All property held for
                        development and sale is regarded as inventory and is classified as such in the balance sheet. Property is
                        classified as current inventory only when sales are expected to result in realisation of cash within the next twelve
                        months, based on management’s sales forecasts. Borrowing costs incurred prior to active development and after
                        development is completed, are expensed as incurred.

                        The acquisition of land is recognised when an unconditional purchase contract exists.

                        When property is sold, the cost of the land and attributable development costs, including borrowing costs, is
                        expensed through cost of sales.
                        j)    Deferred development costs




For personal use only
                        Development costs incurred by the group for the development of land not held as an asset by the group are
                        recorded as deferred development costs in the balance sheet. They are included in current assets, except for
                        those which are not expected to be reimbursed within 12 months of the reporting period, which are classified as
                        non-current assets. In instances when the deferred development costs are reimbursed by the land owner, they
                        are expensed in the profit or loss.
                        k)    Assets classified as held for sale
                        Non-current assets are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a
                        sale transaction rather than through continuing use and a sale is considered highly probable. They are measured
                        at the lower of carrying amount and fair value, less costs to sell.

                        An impairment loss is recognised for any initial or subsequent write-down of the asset (or disposal) to fair value
                        less costs to sell. A gain is recognised for any subsequent increase in fair value less costs to sell of an asset (or
                        disposal), but not in excess of any cumulative impairment loss previously recognised. A gain or loss not
                        previously recognised by the date of the sale of the non-current asset (or disposal) is recognised at the date of
                        derecognition.

                        Non-current assets are not depreciated or amortised while they are classified as held for sale. Non-current assets
                        classified as held for sale are presented separately from the other assets in the balance sheet.
                        l)    Property, plant and equipment
                        Property, plant and equipment is substantially made up of furniture, fittings and equipment and is stated at
                        historical cost less depreciation. Depreciation is calculated on a straight line or diminishing value basis to write off
                        the net cost of each item of property, plant and equipment over its expected useful life to the consolidated entity.
                        The expected useful lives of items of property, plant and equipment and the depreciation methods used are:

                             Plant and equipment – 3 to 15 years (straight line and diminishing value methods)

                        The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed for impairment and adjusted if appropriate, at each
                        reporting date.

                        Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount. These are included
                        in the profit or loss.


                        Intangible assets
                        Costs associated with maintaining software are recognised as an expense as incurred. Development costs that
                        are directly attributable to the design, customisation, configuration and testing of identifiable and unique software
                        products controlled by the group are recognised as intangible assets within property, plant and equipment, where
                        the following criteria are met:

                             it is technically feasible to complete the software so that it will be available for use
                             management intends to complete the software and use it

                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023       105
                             there is an ability to use the software and to restrict others from accessing it
                             it can be demonstrated how the software will generate probable future economic benefits
                             adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use the software are
                              available, and
                             the expenditure attributable to the software during its development can be reliably measured.
                         Costs incurred in configuring or customising SaaS arrangements can only be recognised as intangible assets if
                         the implementation activities create an intangible asset that the entity controls and the intangible asset meets the
                         recognition criteria. Those costs that do not result in intangible assets are expensed as incurred.
                         Directly attributable costs that are capitalised as part of the software include contractor and employee costs. The
                         group does not apportion overheads to capitalised intangible assets.

                         Intangible assets are amortised from the point at which the asset is ready for use using the straight-line method
                         over the expected useful lives as follows:

                             IT development and software – 3 to 5 years
                         The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed for impairment and adjusted if appropriate, at each
                         reporting date.




For personal use only
                         Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount. These are included
                         in the profit or loss.
                         m) Investments and other financial assets
                         (i)    Classification
                         The group classifies its financial assets in the following categories:

                             those to be measured at fair value through profit or loss; and
                             those to be measured at amortised cost.
                         The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual
                         terms of the cash flows.

                         For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will be recorded in profit or loss.

                         (ii)        Measurement
                         At initial recognition, the group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not
                         at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL), transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the
                         financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.

                         (iii)    Impairment
                         The group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its financial assets
                         carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant
                         increase in credit risk.

                         n) Investment property
                         Investment property, principally comprising retail property, is held for long term rental yields and is not occupied
                         by the consolidated entity. Investment property includes properties under construction for future use as
                         investment property and is stated at historical cost less depreciation. Depreciation is calculated on a straight line
                         basis to write off the net cost of each investment over its expected useful life to the consolidated entity. The
                         expected useful life of investment property buildings is 40 years.
                         When the company elects to dispose of investment property, it is presented as assets classified as held for sale in
                         the balance sheet where it meets the relevant criteria. Net gains or losses on sale are disclosed in the profit or
                         loss.
                         o)   Lease incentives
                         Lease incentives provided under an operating lease by the group as lessor are recognised on a straight line basis
                         against rental income over the lease period.
                         p) Impairment of assets
                         Assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
                         may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount
                         exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of an asset is the higher of its fair value less costs of
                         disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest level for


                        106 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        which there are separately identifiable cash generating units, which is generally the project level. Assets that
                        suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.
                        q) Trade and other payables
                        Trade payables represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the consolidated entity prior to the end of
                        the financial year and which are unpaid. These amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 days of
                        recognition. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12
                        months after the reporting period. They are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at
                        amortised cost using the effective interest method.
                        r)    Leases
                        (i)   Group as a lessee
                        The group leases corporate offices, IT equipment and land for sales centres or marketing signage. Rental
                        contracts vary in periods and may have extension options as described below. Lease terms are negotiated on an
                        individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose
                        any covenants, but leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

                        Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset
                        is available for use by the group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance cost. The




For personal use only
                        finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest
                        on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the shorter of
                        the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.
                        Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include
                        the net present value of the following lease payments:

                             fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable
                             variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate
                             amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees
                             the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and
                             payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that option.
                        The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be determined,
                        the group’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the group would have to pay to borrow the
                        funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic environment with similar terms and
                        conditions. This reflects the group’s weighted average interest rate.
                        Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

                             the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability
                             any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received
                             any initial direct costs, and
                             restoration costs.

                        Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line
                        basis.

                        Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line
                        basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.
                        Extension and termination options are included in a number of property and equipment leases across the group.
                        These terms are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts. The majority of extension
                        and termination options held are exercisable only by the group and not by the respective lessor.

                        Critical judgements in determining the lease term
                        In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an incentive to
                        exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after termination
                        options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated).
                        Most extension options in offices and equipment leases have not been included in the lease liability, because the
                        group could replace the assets without significant cost or business disruption.
                        The lease term is reassessed if an option is exercised (or not exercised) or the group becomes obliged to
                        exercise (or not exercise) it. The assessment of reasonable certainty is only revised if a significant event or a

                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023           107
                         significant change in circumstances occurs, which affects this assessment, and that is within the control of the
                         lessee.

                         (ii) Group as a lessor
                         Lease income from operating leases where the group is a lessor is recognised in income on a straight-line basis
                         over the lease term. The respective leased assets are included in the balance sheet as investment properties.

                         s) Borrowings and borrowing costs
                         Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
                         measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption
                         amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.
                         Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that
                         it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case the fee is deferred until the
                         commencement of the facility when draw down occurs.

                         Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged,
                         cancelled or expired. Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the group has an unconditional right to
                         defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.




For personal use only
                         Borrowing costs are recognised as expenses in the period in which they are incurred, except where they are
                         included in the costs of qualifying assets during the period when the asset is being prepared for its intended use
                         or sale.

                         t) Derivatives
                         Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are
                         subsequently remeasured to their fair value at each reporting date. Changes to fair value are taken to profit or
                         loss and are included in other income or expenses.
                         u) Other financial liabilities
                         Other financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are financial liabilities due to vendors of properties
                         under contracts of sale and other payables. Liabilities in this category are classified as current liabilities if they are
                         expected to be settled within 12 months, otherwise they are classified as non-current.
                         v) Employee benefits
                         (i)        Short term obligations
                         Liabilities for wages and salaries, bonuses and annual leave expected to be settled within 12 months of the
                         reporting date are recognised in other payables in respect of employees’ services up to the reporting date and are
                         measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. All other short-term employee
                         benefit obligations are presented as payables.

                         (ii)      Other long-term employee benefit obligations
                         The liability for long service leave which is not expected to be settled within 12 months after the end of the period
                         in which the employees render the related service is recognised in the provision for employee benefits and
                         measured as the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by
                         employees up to the reporting date. Consideration is given to expected future wage and salary levels, experience
                         of employee departures and periods of service. Expected future payments are discounted using market yields at
                         the reporting date on national corporate bonds with terms to maturity that match, as closely as possible, the
                         estimated future cash flows.

                         (iii)    Bonus plans
                         The group recognises a liability and expense for bonuses earned during the financial year where contractually
                         obliged or where past practice has created a constructive obligation.

                         (iv)     Superannuation
                         Contributions by the consolidated entity to employees’ superannuation funds are charged to the profit or loss
                         when they are payable. The consolidated entity does not operate any defined benefit superannuation funds.
                         w) Development cost provisions
                         Provision is made for development costs yet to be incurred for lots/units that have settled and revenue recognised
                         at balance date and provisions for development obligations under agreements with various state and local
                         authorities and land purchase contracts. Development cost provisions are classified as current liabilities if they are
                         expected to be settled within 12 months, otherwise classified as non-current.




                        108 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        x) Contributed equity
                        Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are
                        shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
                        y) Dividends
                        Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at the
                        discretion of the entity, on or before the end of the financial year but not distributed at balance date.
                        z) Share based payments
                        Share based compensation benefits are provided to employees via the Deferred STI and LTI plans. Information
                        relating to these schemes is set out in the remuneration report on pages 45 to 46.

                        The value of Performance Rights granted under the Deferred STI and LTI plans is recognised as an employee
                        benefits expense with a corresponding increase in equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined by
                        reference to the fair value of the Performance Rights granted:

                              Including any market performance conditions (e.g. the entity’s share price); and
                              Excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (e.g. profitability and
                               remaining an employee of the group over a specified time period)




For personal use only
                        The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified vesting
                        conditions are to be satisfied. At the end of each reporting period, the group revises its estimates of the number of
                        Performance Rights that are expected to vest based on the non-market vesting and service conditions. The
                        impact of the revision to original estimates is recognised, if any, in profit or loss with a corresponding adjustment
                        to equity.
                        aa) Earnings per share

                        (i)        Basic earnings per share
                        Basic earnings per share is determined by dividing the profit attributable to owners of Cedar Woods by the
                        weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for any bonus
                        elements in ordinary shares issued during the year.

                        (ii)       Diluted earnings per share
                        Diluted earnings per share adjusts the earnings used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
                        account of any effect on borrowing costs associated with the issue of dilutive potential ordinary shares. The
                        weighted average number of ordinary shares is adjusted to reflect the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary
                        shares.

                        ab) Rounding of amounts
                        The company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Legislative Instrument 2016/191, relating to the ‘rounding off’ of
                        amounts in the financial statements.
                        Amounts in the financial statements have been rounded off in accordance with the instrument to the nearest
                        thousand dollars, or in certain cases, to the nearest dollar.

                        ac) Goods and services tax (GST)
                        Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of associated GST, unless the GST incurred is
                        not recoverable from the taxation authority. In this case it is recognised as part of the cost of the asset or as part
                        of the expense.
                        Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount of GST receivable or payable. The net amount of
                        GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included with other receivables or payables in the
                        balance sheet.

                        Cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST components of cash flows arising from investing or
                        financing activities which are recoverable from, or payable to, taxation authorities, are presented as operating
                        cash flows.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023           109
                         36. Segment Information
                         The Board has determined the operating segment based on the reports reviewed by the Managing Director that
                         are used to make strategic decisions.
                         The Board has considered the business from both a product and a geographic perspective and has determined
                         that the group operates a single business in a single geographic area and hence has one reportable segment.

                         The group engages in property development and investment which takes place in Australia. The group has no
                         separate business units or divisions.
                         The internal reporting provided to the Managing Director includes key performance information at a whole of
                         group level. The Managing Director uses the internal information to make strategic decisions, based primarily
                         upon the expected future outcome of those decisions on the group as a whole. Material decisions to allocate
                         resources are generally made at a whole of group level.

                         The group mainly sells products to the public and is not generally reliant upon any single customer for 10% or
                         more of the group’s revenue.
                         All of the group’s assets are held within Australia.




For personal use only
                         The Managing Director assesses the performance of the operating segment based on the net profit after tax,
                         earnings per share and net tangible assets per share.




                        110 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
For personal use only
                        DECLARATION AND
                        INDEPENDENT
                        AUDITOR’S REPORT

                        Directors' Declaration         112

                        Independent Auditor’s Report   113




                                                             Annual Report 2023   111
                         DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION
                         In the directors’ opinion:

                             a)   the financial statements and notes set out on pages 61 to 110 are in accordance with the Corporations
                                  Act 2001, including:

                                  (i)       complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory
                                            professional reporting requirements; and

                                  (ii)      giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2023 and
                                            of its performance for the financial year ended on that date; and

                             b)   there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company will be able to pay its debts as and when they
                                  become due and payable, and

                             c)   at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the extended
                                  closed group identified in Note 26 will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are, or




For personal use only
                                  may become, subject by virtue of the deed of cross guarantee described in Note 27.

                         Note 35(a) confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as
                         issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

                         The directors have been given the declarations by the Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer required by
                         section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                         This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the directors.




                         Nathan Blackburne
                         Managing Director
                         Perth, Western Australia
                         22 August 2023




                        112 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




For personal use only




                                                       Annual Report 2023   113
For personal use only




                        114 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
For personal use only




                        Annual Report 2023   115
For personal use only




                        116 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
For personal use only




                        Annual Report 2023   117
For personal use only




                        118 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
For personal use only
                        SHAREHOLDERS’
                        INFORMATION
                        This section provides information for shareholders on
                        distributions and other shareholder benefits, the composition of
                        the share register and past financial performance.




                        Investors’ Summary                                           120
                        Shareholder Information                                      121
                        Five Year Financial Performance                              123




                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   119
                        INVESTORS’ SUMMARY
                        Dividend and dividend policy
                        The final dividend for the 2023 financial year is 7.0 cents per share, fully franked. The dividend will be paid on 27
                        October 2023. The Company’s dividend policy is to distribute approximately 50% of the full year net profit after
                        tax. The total FY2023 dividends represent a payout ratio of 52%. This acknowledges both the result in FY2023
                        and the current outlook for FY2024.

                        Shareholder discount scheme
                        The group operates a shareholder discount scheme which entitles shareholders to a 5% discount off the listed
                        price of any residential lot, or 2.5% off the listed price of houses, apartments or strata commercial units at the
                        group’s developments. A summary of the main terms and conditions follows:

                        For residential lots, shareholders must hold a minimum number of 1,000 shares for at least 6 months before
                        purchasing a lot to qualify for the discount;

                        For off the plan purchases of ‘built-form’ lots (such as townhouses, apartments or commercial units), shareholders




For personal use only
                        must hold a minimum number of 1,000 shares at the time of purchasing a lot and hold the shares through to
                        settlement of the lot to qualify for the discount;

                        The number of shareholder discounts available will be limited in any sales release to two discounts, although the
                        Company may extend this for a particular release; and

                        The shareholder discount scheme does not apply to lots or dwellings at joint venture projects.

                        The above is a summary of the main conditions and shareholders should apply to the company or visit the
                        website for the full terms and conditions.

                        Electronic payment of dividends
                        The group uses exclusively electronic funds transfer for the payment of dividends. Accordingly, shareholders must
                        nominate a bank, building society or credit union account for the payment of dividends by direct credit. Payments
                        are electronically credited on the dividend payment date and confirmed by mailed advice. New shareholders
                        receiving dividends for the first time should contact the company’s share registrar, Computershare Investor
                        Services Pty Ltd, by visiting www.computershare.com.au.

                        Dividend re-investment plan and Bonus share plan
                        The dividend re-investment plan and bonus share plan are operated from time to time as part of measures to
                        manage the group’s capital. Shareholders can change their participation status in the plans by completing an
                        election form in accordance with the rules of each plan. The dividend re-investment plan and bonus share plan
                        will be in operation for the final dividend for the 2023 financial year.

                        Shareholders’ timetable
                         Dividend announcement                                                                            23 August 2023
                         Share register closes for dividend (Record date)                                             28 September 2023
                         Final dividend payment date                                                                     27 October 2023
                         First quarter update                                                                               October 2023
                         Annual General Meeting                                                                         1 November 2023
                         Half-year result announcement                                                                     February 2024
                         Interim dividend payment date                                                                         April 2024
                         Third quarter update                                                                                  May 2024
                         Full year result and dividend announcement                                                          August 2024




                 120 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                        The shareholder information set out below was applicable at 17 August 2023.
                        a)   Distribution of ordinary shares

                                                                                                            Number         Number
                                                                                                          of holders      of shares

                         1 – 1,000                                                                               1,631     664,100

                         1,001 – 5,000                                                                           1,448    3,859,524

                         5,001 – 10,000                                                                           488     3,692,616

                         10,001 – 100,000                                                                         569    14,383,033

                         100,001 and over                                                                          49    59,610,664

                                                                                                                 4,185   82,209,937

                        There were 320 holders of less than a marketable parcel of shares.




For personal use only
                        b)   Twenty largest shareholders of ordinary shares as disclosed in the share register

                                                                                                           Number        Percentage
                         Name                                                                             of shares       of shares

                         J P Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                       15,344,054            18.66

                         Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                    7,352,744             8.94

                         Hamsha Nominees Pty Ltd <The Nowra Projects Unit Fund A/C>                       5,040,216             6.13

                         HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                        4,833,199             5.88

                         Westland Group Holdings Pty Ltd                                                  4,233,029             5.15

                         National Nominees Limited                                                        3,921,339             4.77

                         Beach Corporation Pty Ltd                                                        3,382,604             4.11

                         Joia Holdings Pty Ltd                                                            2,321,758             2.82

                         Helen Kaye Poynton                                                               1,677,095             2.04

                         Netwealth Investments Limited <Wrap Services A/C>                                1,187,947             1.45

                         Mr Paul Stephen Sadleir                                                          1,083,283             1.32

                         Dr Alan Gerraty & Mrs Patricia Gerraty <A & P Gerraty S/F A/C>                     600,000             0.73

                         Leblon Holdings Pty Ltd <William Hames Super Fund A/C>                             579,240             0.70

                         Mr John Henry Tucker & Mrs Kay Joylene Tucker <Tucker Family Superfund A/C>        485,000             0.59

                         BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd Hub24 Custodial Serv Ltd <DRP A/C>                    474,735             0.58

                         Gold Plaza Pty Ltd                                                                 417,482             0.51

                         Gorn Super Pty Ltd <Gorn Pension Super Fund A/C>                                   397,379             0.48

                         Ramneg Pty Ltd <Lang Super Fund A/C>                                               372,977             0.45

                         Mrs Helen K Poynton + Mr David P Poynton <Station Road Super Fund A/C>             343,079             0.42

                         Leblon Holdings Pty Ltd <The Hames Retirement Fund A/C>                            336,851             0.41

                                                                                                         54,384,011            66.15




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023        121
                        c)     Substantial shareholders of ordinary shares

                        As disclosed in substantial shareholder notices lodged with the ASX at 17 August 2023.

                                                                                                             Number     Percentage
                            Name                                                                            of shares    of shares1
                            William George Hames and related entities                                       9,314,668        12.90

                            Robert Stanley Brown and related entities                                       7,818,633         9.75

                            AustralianSuper Pty Ltd                                                         9,291,217        11.41

                        1
                            Percentage of issued capital held as at the date notice provided.

                        d)     Voting rights

                        The voting rights attaching to each class of equity securities are set out below:




For personal use only
                        Ordinary shares
                        On a show of hands every member present in person or by proxy shall have one vote and upon a poll each share
                        shall have one vote.

                        Performance rights
                        No voting rights.

                        Options
                        No voting rights.

                        e)     Unquoted equity securities

                                                                                                             Number     Number of
                            Issued under employee incentive schemes:                                        on issue      holders

                            Performance rights issued under the FY2020 long term incentive plan              243,246            20

                            Performance rights issued under the FY2021 long term incentive plan              272,023            23

                            Performance rights issued under the FY2022 long term incentive plan              252,299            30

                            Zero price options issued under the FY2021 deferred short term incentive plan     32,182             1




                 122 Cedar Woods Properties Limited
                        FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
                        All figures in $’000 except where stated

                         Financial Year                                     2023      2022       2021         2020      2019

                         Financial Performance

                         Revenue from operations                          391,303   333,036   299,751      260,660    375,149

                         Earnings before interest and tax                  49,787    54,060    50,552       31,729     72,014

                         Finance costs                                      4,401      444      3,049        2,245      3,072

                         Operating profit before tax                       45,386    53,616    47,503       29,484     68,942

                         Income tax expense                                13,751    16,228    14,669        9,097     20,298

                         Net profit after tax                              31,635    37,388    32,834       20,387     48,644


                         Financial Position




For personal use only
                         Total assets                                     783,398   796,387   651,800      644,055    571,711

                         Total liabilities                                352,296   375,164   251,439      267,254    195,181

                         Shareholders’ equity                             431,102   421,223   400,361      376,801    376,530

                         Number of shares on issue – end of year (‘000)    82,210    82,128    81,345       80,448     80,118

                         Basic earnings per share (cents)                    38.0      45.7      40.7         25.4       60.9



                         Key Performance Measures

                         Dividend per share, fully franked (cents)           20.0      27.5      26.5         19.0       31.5

                         EBIT Margin                                       12.7%     16.2%      16.9%        12.2%     19.2%

                         Interest cover (times)                               3.7       9.1      12.1           5.9       8.6

                         Return on Equity                                   7.3%      9.1%       8.2%         5.4%     12.9%

                         Investment in inventory during year              293,529   329,296   198,972      208,952    245,814

                         Net tangible assets backing per share ($)           5.21      5.11      4.92         4.68       4.67

                         Net bank debt                                    195,806   198,688   113,328      142,671    105,314

                         Net bank debt to equity                           45.4%     47.2%      28.3%        37.9%     28.0%

                         Share price – end of year ($)                       5.03      3.68      6.71         5.24       5.70

                         Stock Market capitalisation at 30 June           413,516   302,230   545,824      421,547    456,671

                         Number of employees at 30 June                       93        99         93           91         95



                         Returns to shareholders over 1, 3, & 5 years                         1 Year        3 Year     5 Year

                         Earnings per share growth %                                          (15.7)          14.9       (6.5)

                         Share price growth % (annualised)                                      36.7         (1.4)       (2.8)

                         Dividend growth % (paid dividend)                                       3.8           1.9       (1.7)

                         Total shareholder return % (annualised)                                46.1           3.5        2.6




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023        123
                        CORPORATE
                        DIRECTORY
                        A.B.N. 47 009 259 081


                        DIRECTORS                            REGISTERED OFFICE AND
                                                             PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
                        William George Hames
                        BArch (Hons) MCU (Harvard) LFRAIA,
                        MPIA, FAPI (Econ) – Chairman         Level 4, 50 Colin Street




For personal use only
                                                             WEST PERTH WA 6005
                        Robert Stanley Brown
                        MAICD, AIFS – Deputy Chairman        Postal address
                        Valerie Anne Davies                  P.O. Box 788 West Perth WA 6872
                        FAICD
                                                             Phone       (08) 9480 1500
                        Jane Mary Muirsmith                  Email       email@cedarwoods.com.au
                        BCom (Hons), FCA, GAICD              Website     www.cedarwoods.com.au
                        Paul Say
                        FRICS, FAPI
                                                             SHARE REGISTRY

                        Nathan John Blackburne               Computershare Investor Services Pty Ltd
                        BB, AMP, GAID – Managing Director    Level 11
                                                             172 St Georges Terrace
                        COMPANY SECRETARY                    PERTH WA 6000
                        Paul Samuel Freedman
                        BSc, CA, GAICD
                                                             AUDITOR
                                                             PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                             125 St Georges Terrace
                                                             PERTH WA 6000

                                                             SECURITIES EXCHANGE LISTING
                                                             Cedar Woods Properties Limited shares are listed
                                                             on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX)
                                                             ASX code CWP

                                                             ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
                                                             Date Wednesday 1 November 2023
                                                             Time 10:00am AWST




                                                                                        Annual Report 2023      124
