                                            Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 7 3011 3333
                                            111 Eagle Street                      Fax: +61 7 3011 3100
                                            Brisbane QLD 4000 Australia           ey.com/au
                                            GPO Box 7878 Brisbane QLD 4001




Auditor’s independence declaration to the directors of Michael Hill
International Limited


As lead auditor for the review of the half-year financial report of Michael Hill International Limited for
the half-year ended 31 December 2023, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have
been:

a.    No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
      relation to the review;

b.    No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the review; and

c.    No non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
      relation to the review.



This declaration is in respect of Michael Hill International Limited and the entities it controlled during
the financial period.




Ernst & Young




Kellie McKenzie
Partner
23 February 2024




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                            Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 7 3011 3333
                                            111 Eagle Street                      Fax: +61 7 3011 3100
                                            Brisbane QLD 4000 Australia           ey.com/au
                                            GPO Box 7878 Brisbane QLD 4001




Independent auditor’s review report to the members of Michael Hill
International Limited
Conclusion
We have reviewed the accompanying half-year financial report of Michael Hill International Limited
(the Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated
statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023, the consolidated statement of profit or loss
and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated
statement of cash flows for the half-year ended on that date, notes comprising a summary of
significant accounting policies and other explanatory information, and the directors’ declaration.

Based on our review, which is not an audit, we have not become aware of any matter that makes us
believe that the half-year financial report of the Group does not comply with the Corporations Act
2001, including:

a.    Giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December
      2023 and of its consolidated financial performance for the half-year ended on that date; and

b.    Complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations
      Regulations 2001.

Basis for conclusion
We conducted our review in accordance with ASRE 2410 Review of a Financial Report Performed by
the Independent Auditor of the Entity (ASRE 2410). Our responsibilities are further described in the
Auditor’s responsibilities for the review of the half-year financial report section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical
Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence
Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the annual financial report in Australia. We
have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

Directors’ responsibilities for the half-year financial report
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the half-year financial report that
gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations
Act 2001 and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of the half-year financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the review of the half-year financial report
Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the half-year financial report based on our review.
ASRE 2410 requires us to conclude whether we have become aware of any matter that makes us
believe that the half-year financial report is not in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001
including giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2023 and its
performance for the half-year ended on that date, and complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134
Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations Regulations 2001.




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
A review of a half-year financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible
for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is
substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards
and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all
significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit
opinion.




Ernst & Young




Kellie McKenzie
Partner
Brisbane
23 February 2024




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
