  MICHAEL HILL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
  ABN 25 610 937 598
  APPENDIX 4E



RESULTS FOR ANNOUNCEMENT TO THE MARKET
  REPORTING PERIOD

  Reporting period:                                                                                                                52 weeks ending 30 June 2024
  Previous reporting period:                                                                                                         53 weeks ending 2 July 2023

  RESULTS FOR ANNOUNCEMENT TO THE MARKET

                                                                                                                                                              $'000
Revenue from contracts with customers                                                         Up              2.4%            to                           644,929
Earnings before interest and taxation (EBIT)1                                               Down             75.8%            to                             14,228
Net profit after tax for the period attributable to members                                 Down            101.4%            to                              (479)
  1
   EBIT is non-IFRS information. Please refer to non-IFRS information in the Directors' Report for an explanation of non-IFRS information and a reconciliation of
  EBIT.

  BRIEF EXPLANATION OF FIGURES REPORTED ABOVE TO ENABLE THE FIGURES TO BE UNDERSTOOD
  This report is based on the consolidated financial statements which have been audited and an unqualified opinion given. For commentary on
  the results, please refer to the attached full financial report for all other disclosures in respect of the Appendix 4E.

  DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                                              Amount per          Franked amount
                                                                                                                                security              per security
                                                                                                                            cents per share          cents per share
Interim dividend for the year ended 30 June 2024 declared and paid                                                                      1.75                         -
No final dividend was declared for the year ended 30 June 2024                                                                                -                      -

  NET TANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                                                       2024                   2023
                                                                                                                                           $                        $
Net tangible asset² backing per ordinary security                                                                                      0.15                   0.35
  ²Net tangible assets were calculated including the Group's right-of-use assets and lease liabilities recognised under AASB16 Leases.




R I Fyfe
Chair

Brisbane
30 August 2024

Webcast scheduled to take place at 9.30am (AEST) on Monday, 2 September 2024. Please use the following link to register.
https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/300-415-817-246

Media & Investors:
Anthea Noble
General Manager - Investor Relations & Treasury
investor@michaelhill.com.au
http://investor.michaelhill.com
 MICHAEL HILL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

 ABN 25 610 937 598



DIRECTORS' REPORT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL
REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024


 TABLE OF CONTENTS


 CORPORATE DIRECTORY                                                            1

 DIRECTORS' REPORT                                                              2

 AUDITOR'S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION                                            28

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   29

     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION                              30

     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                               31

     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                                      32

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                33

 CONSOLIDATED ENTITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT                                      71

 DIRECTORS' DECLARATION                                                        72

 AUDITOR'S REPORT                                                              73
DISCLAIMER
Certain statements in this report constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements (other than
statements of historical fact) relating to future events and the anticipated or planned financial and operational performance of Michael
Hill International Limited and its related bodies corporate (the Group). The words “targets”, “believes”, “expects”, “aims”, “intends”,
“plans”, “seeks”, “will”, “may”, “might”, “anticipates”, “projects”, “assumes”, “forecast”, “likely”, “outlook”, “would”, “could”, “should”,
“continues”, “estimates” or similar expressions or the negatives thereof, generally identify these forward- looking statements. Other
forward-looking statements can be identified in the context in which the statements are made. Forward-looking statements include,
among other things, statements addressing matters such as the Group’s future results of operations; financial condition; working
capital, cash flows and capital expenditures; and business strategy, plans and objectives for future operations and events, including
those relating to ongoing operational and strategic reviews, sustainability targets, expansion into new markets, future product
launches, points of sale and production facilities.

Although the Group believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, they are not
guarantees or predictions of future performance or statements of fact. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the Group’s actual results, performance, operations or achievements
or industry results, to differ materially from any future results, performance, operations or achievements expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements.

Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors include, among others: global and local economic conditions; changes in market
trends and end-consumer preferences; fluctuations in the prices of raw materials, currency exchange rates, and interest rates; the
Group’s plans or objectives for future operations or products, including the ability to introduce new jewellery and non-jewellery
products; the ability to expand in existing and new markets and risks associated with doing business globally and, in particular, in
emerging markets; competition from local, national and international companies in the markets in which the Group operates; the
protection and strengthening of the Group’s intellectual property rights, including patents and trademarks; the future adequacy of the
Group’s current warehousing, logistics and information technology operations; changes in laws and regulations or any interpretation
thereof, applicable to the Group’s business; increases to the Group’s effective tax rate or other harm to the Group’s business as a result
of governmental review of the Group’s transfer pricing policies, conflicting taxation claims or changes in tax laws; and other factors
referenced to in this report.

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise, or should any underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, the
Company’s actual financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could differ materially from that described herein as
anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. Accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements, as there can be no assurance the actual outcomes will not differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this
report.

Except as required by applicable laws or regulations (including the ASX Listing Rules), the Group does not intend, and does not
assume any obligation, to update any forward- looking statements contained herein. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking
statements attributable to us or to persons acting on the Group’s behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary
statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in this report.




TERMINOLOGY
In this report, unless otherwise specified or appropriate in the context, the term “Company” refers to Michael Hill International Limited,
the term “Group” or “Michael Hill Group” refer to the Company and its subsidiaries (as appropriate), and the use of “Michael Hill”,
“Bevilles”, “TenSevenSeven” and “Medley” is reference to the relevant brand within the Michael Hill Group.
MICHAEL HILL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED




CORPORATE DIRECTORY
DIRECTORS
 R I Fyfe B.Eng, F.E.N.Z., C.N.Z.M. Chair
 Sir R M Hill K.N.Z.M.
 E J Hill B.Com., M.B.A.
 G W Smith B.Com., F.C.A., F.A.I.C.D.
 D Whittle B.A., B.Com (appointed 2 August 2023)
 J E Naylor M.A.I.C.D. (resigned 8 April 2024)
 C Batten LLB (Hons), B.Com (appointed 30 August 2024)
 D Bracken
COMPANY SECRETARIES
 A Lowe BCom, LLB (Hons), MAppFin, CA, CTA
 K Palethorpe LLB (Hons), BSc (Biochemistry) (Hons), GradDipLegalPrac, GradDipACGRM
PRINCIPAL REGISTERED OFFICE IN AUSTRALIA
 34 Southgate Avenue
 Cannon Hill QLD 4170
 Australia

SHARE REGISTER
 Computershare Investor Services Pty Ltd
 Level 1
 200 Mary Street
 Brisbane QLD 4000
 1300 552 270 (within Australia)
 +61 3 9415 4000 (outside of Australia)
AUDITOR
 Ernst & Young
 Level 51
 111 Eagle Street
 Brisbane QLD 4000

SOLICITOR
 Allens Linklaters
 Level 26
 480 Queen Street
 Brisbane QLD 4000

BANKERS
 ANZ Australia
 ANZ New Zealand
 HSBC Australia
 Royal Bank of Canada
 Bank of Montreal
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia
WEBSITES
 www.michaelhill.com.au
 www.michaelhill.co.nz
 www.michaelhill.ca
 www.michaelhill.com
 www.medleyjewellery.com.au
 www.bevilles.com.au
 www.watchesgalore.com.au
 www.tensevenseven.com
 http://investor.michaelhill.com
EMAIL
 online@michaelhill.com.au
    MICHAEL HILL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED




DIRECTORS' REPORT
    The Directors present their report on the consolidated entity (referred to hereafter as the ‘Group’) consisting of Michael Hill International Limited
    ACN 610 937 598 (‘Michael Hill International’ or the ‘Company’) and all controlled subsidiaries for the year ended 30 June 2024. FY24 is a 52-week
    period (3 July 2023 to 30 June 2024) compared to FY23 which was a 53-week period (27 June 2022 to 2 July 2023).

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
    The Group operates predominately in the retail sale of jewellery and related services sector in Australia, New Zealand and Canada.
    There were no significant changes in the nature of the Group’s activities during the year.

DIVIDENDS
    Dividends paid to members during the financial year were as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2024                2023
                                                                                                                                           $'000                $'000
    Final dividend for the year ended 2 July 2023 of 3.5 cents (2022: 4.0 cents) per fully paid share paid on 22
                                                                                                                                          13,289               15,531
    September 2023 (2022: 23 September 2022)
    Interim dividend for the year ended 30 June 2024 of 1.75 cents (2023: 4.0 cents) per fully paid share paid on 22
                                                                                                                                           6,906               15,188
    March 2024 (2023: 24 March 2023)
    No final dividend was declared for the year ended 30 June 2024 (2023: 3.5 cents)                                                             -             13,289

LIKELY DEVELOPMENTS AND EXPECTED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
    Information on likely developments in the Group’s operations and the expected results of operations have been included in the Review of
    Operations and Strategic Update sections of this report.

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
    The Group achieved the following key outcomes for the 2024 financial year:

KEY FINANCIAL RESULTS
•     Group revenue increased by 4.2% on a 52-week basis (including Bevilles) to $644.9m, and by 2.4% on a statutory basis (FY23: 53 weeks).
•     Group gross margin settled at 60.6% in line with previous guidance, impacted by higher input costs and increased promotional activity in
      response to more aggressive retail trading conditions. In addition, during the last two months of FY24, there was deliberate focus on
      promoting inventory to make way for higher margin product in FY25.
•     Comparable earnings before interest and tax (EBIT)* of $15.9m, at the upper end of previous guidance.
•     Statutory net profit after tax decreased to a loss of $0.5m with the variance to comparable EBIT performance largely driven by AASB16 Leases
      & SaaS, finance costs and normalisations
•     Active management of inventory delivering a ~$7m reduction to $195.8m.
•     As a proactive capital management measure, the existing debt facility has been increased by $40m for the four-month period from 15
      September 2024 to support seasonal working capital requirements for Christmas trade.
•     Closing net debt position of $38.7m, having deployed cash to support ongoing investment in the business.
•     No final dividend was declared, delivering total dividends for the year of AU1.75 cents per share.
      *Comparable EBIT is non-IFRS information. Please refer to non-IFRS information section in this report for an explanation of non-IFRS information and a
      reconciliation of Comparable EBIT.

OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE
•     Group revenue was up 4.2% for the year on a 52-week basis, with Australia +10.3%, New Zealand -11.8% and Canada flat.
•     Digital sales grew 16% to $47.9m for the year, demonstrating a strong return to growth.
•     Complete refresh of the Michael Hill brand, across digital platforms, new brand logos, colour palette, instore visual merchandising and
      packaging.
•     Partnering with our first ever global Brand Ambassador, Miranda Kerr, who perfectly embodies our brand values and sustainable business
      practices.
•     Aligned with the brand relaunch, the Michael Hill brand opened its first true global flagship store, at Chadstone, Australia’s leading fashion
      destination.
•     Launched the Michael Hill Foundation , focused on empowering women and restoring nature.
•     Expanded our re:new sustainable jewellery ecosystem: extending our re:cycle offering to Canada and New Zealand, launched diamond trade
      up program, re:imagine in New Zealand, and invested in our repairs network to grow our re:store (repairs) capability and service offering.
•     Integration of Bevilles onto Group operational systems and successful relocation of the head office, supply chain and distribution centre from
      Victoria to Queensland.
•     In line with our store network strategy, the core Michael Hill brand has continued to optimise its store network throughout the year, while at the
      same time expanding the Bevilles’ store network from 26 to 36 stores. The Group finished the year with 300 stores (FY23: 304).
FY24 - GROUP BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
  Following a period of record results for the Group, retail conditions for the fine jewellery sector over the last 18 months have been challenging due
  to low consumer confidence and broader macroeconomic pressures. Notwithstanding the difficult conditions, third-party data suggests that the
  Michael Hill brand has continued to outperform the broader jewellery market.
  Given this environment, the Group reported a decline in performance, with comparable earnings before interest and tax of $15.9m for the year
  ended 30 June 2024. This result was driven by a combination of lower gross margins and inflationary cost pressures.
  The Group delivered revenue of $644.9m, up 4.2% on a 52-week basis including Bevilles, and up 2.4% on a statutory basis (FY23: 53 weeks).
  Pleasingly, average transaction value grew by 6% during the year, as further demonstration of the traction of the Michael Hill aspirational brand
  journey.
  Higher input costs for both gold and mined diamonds continued through the year and combined with heightened competitor activity, resulted in
  gross margin of 60.6%. During May and June, there was a deliberate focus on clearing inventory to make way for newness and higher margin
  product in FY25 to drive the recovery of recent margin declines. In addition, to reflect the inflated gold raw material pricing the group does
  periodically lift retail prices accordingly.
  Inflationary cost pressures impacted the majority of operating expenses across the business, the most significant being store labour and
  occupancy. With this in mind, throughout the year management took action to reduce discretionary spend, corporate roles and overheads,
  reflecting the underperformance of the business, with many of these savings annualising through FY25. Omni-channel continues to be a key
  strategic focus for the Group with further advancements across ship from store, click & collect, and virtual selling, all contributing to annual
  growth in digital sales of 16% to $47.9m.
  Active management of inventory saw year-end holdings reduced by $7m to $195.8m, as the Group took deliberate steps to ensure the right
  product mix, newness and high margin profile.
  During the first year of ownership, the Bevilles brand expanded its store network by ten stores to 36. This included entry into a new territory,
  Queensland, with five new stores and two conversion stores, along with three new stores in existing territories. In addition, in the second half of
  the year, the business completed a full transition to Group operational IT systems across retail, finance and inventory, and seamlessly relocated
  its Melbourne head office and distribution centre to Brisbane.
  In line with our store network strategy, the core Michael Hill brand has continued to optimise its store network throughout the year, while at the
  same time expanding the Bevilles’ store network. The Group finished the year with 300 stores (FY23: 304).

SEGMENT RESULTS
  The results below are expressed in local currency.

AUSTRALIAN RETAIL PERFORMANCE
                                                                              2024            2023             2022              2021             2020
Revenue                                                                    359,102         331,007          303,409           312,264          266,610
Gross profit                                                               217,074          211,823         196,936           194,148          161,030
Gross margin                                                                 60.4%           64.0%            64.9%             62.2%            60.4%
Comparable EBIT                                                              29,211         53,549            51,750           54,347           27,641
Comparable EBIT as a % of revenue                                              8.1%          16.2%             17.1%            17.4%            10.4%
Number of stores                                                                171             172              147              150               155

  Retail segment revenue increased by 10.3% to $359.1m for the year on a 52-week basis (including Bevilles), and increased by 8.5% on a statutory
  basis (FY23: 53 weeks).
  Gross margin for the year was 60.4%.
  The Australian store network finished the year with 171 stores, including 36 Bevilles stores (FY23: 172, including 26 Bevilles stores).

NEW ZEALAND RETAIL PERFORMANCE
                                                                              2024            2023             2022              2021             2020
Revenue                                                                     114,785        132,359          125,090           127,067          106,696
Gross profit                                                                68,453           81,961          79,288             78,771          63,641
Gross margin                                                                 59.6%           61.9%            63.4%             62.0%            59.6%
Comparable EBIT                                                              14,567         25,622            30,130            35,119          21,067
Comparable EBIT as a % of revenue                                             12.7%          19.4%             24.1%            27.6%            19.7%
Number of stores                                                                 44              46               48               49                  49

  Retail segment revenue decreased by 11.8% to NZ$114.8m for the year on a 52-week basis, and decreased by 13.3% on a statutory basis (FY23: 53
  weeks).
  Gross margin for the year was 59.6%.
  Given the heightened level of security incidents experienced in New Zealand and in order to protect our customers, teams and stores, significant
  investment in security measures continued throughout the year and had a ~$5m direct impact on earnings.
  During the year, two stores closed, resulting in 44 stores at year end (FY23: 46).
CANADA RETAIL PERFORMANCE
                                                                              2024          2023             2022              2021              2020
Revenue                                                                    157,094       158,894           159,661          118,445           110,799
Gross profit                                                                95,222        100,531         103,623            72,643            63,991
Gross margin                                                                 60.6%         63.3%            64.9%             61.3%             57.8%
Comparable EBIT                                                              18,775        27,110          28,785            12,320            (2,412)
Comparable EBIT as a % of revenue                                            12.0%          17.1%           18.0%             10.4%             (2.2)%
Number of stores                                                                 85            86               85               86                86

  Retail segment revenue increased by 0.6% to CA$157.1m for the year on a 52-week basis, and decreased by 1.1% on a statutory basis (FY23: 53
  weeks). This result is a credit to the segment considering last year was another record performance.
  Gross margin for the year was 60.6%.
  During the year, one store closed, resulting in 85 stores at year end (FY23: 86).

CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

  During the year, the business deployed cash for a number of strategic initiatives, including refresh of the Michael Hill brand, the Chadstone global
  flagship store, development of TenSevenSeven , along with digital and data investments, resulting in a closing net debt position of $38.7m.

  As a proactive capital management measure, the existing debt facility has been increased by $40m for the four-month period from 15 September
  2024, to support seasonal working capital requirements for Christmas trade. In addition, the business has taken action to reduce capital
  expenditure across both technology and stores throughout FY25.
  Given compressed earnings in FY24, and in conjunction with a commitment to prudent investment in operating and capital expenditure in FY25,
  the Board has decided that no final dividend will be declared for FY24, resulting in a total dividend for the year of AU1.75 cents per share.

GROUP STRATEGY, THE PATH TO 2030 - EMPHASIS ON SALES AND MARGIN GROWTH
  While market conditions continue to be challenging, the business remains committed to its multi-brand group strategy with an emphasis on sales
  and margin growth.




REPOSITION MICHAEL HILL BRAND, 2020 - 2023
  Much of the strong performance over the last three years can be attributed to the strategic transformation of the Michael Hill brand – the strategy
  to elevate and modernise the brand has underpinned the overarching vision for the business. The aspirational brand journey to a more premium
  market position continues, with consistent customer-led business imperatives:
  • Brand & Loyalty – Contemporary premium jewellery brand, leveraging best-in-class loyalty program
  • Retail Fundamentals – Elevated customer experience, unwavering focus on productivity
  • Digital & Omni-channel – Omni-first, channel agnostic, digitally-led new markets
  • Product Evolution – Premium yet accessible, with diamonds at our core
  • Sustainability – “the jeweller that cares”, global category leader

  The Company has demonstrated the success of the aspirational brand journey strategy, firstly through an increasing average transaction value of
  ~30% over this period, validating our focus on elevated customer experience, higher quality product and attraction of a new modern customer.
  Secondly, retail productivity has lifted considerably across all markets, delivering increased revenues from an optimised store network.
ESTABLISH PORTFOLIO OF BRANDS, 2023 - 2024
 With the Michael Hill brand having been repositioned to a more premium position, the acquisition of the Bevilles business provided a vehicle to
 take market share at the value end of the fine jewellery category. Additionally, in the first half of FY24, the Company soft launched its new
 bespoke brand TenSevenSeven , focused on servicing the high-end of the market with its unique personalised diamond ring proposition.
 With these additional brands, the Group now services all significant customer segments of the fine jewellery category, and delivers multiple new
 growth pipelines.




 In addition to our core fine jewellery brands, Medley continues to establish itself as an emerging brand in the fashion demi-fine/fine jewellery
 category.

PRODUCT & BRAND PROPOSITION, 2024 - 2025
 With the Michael Hill Group multi-brand strategy now in place, each brand is uniquely positioned for different segments and price propositions,
 and its own strategic priorities:




 Michael Hill

  • In April 2024, the complete refresh of the Michael Hill brand was revealed, delivering a new elevated aesthetic across all brand assets, colour
    palette and logos. Over the months that followed, elements of the new brand assets were gradually brought to life across digital platforms,
    stores and consumer packaging.
  • This was soon followed by the exciting milestone of the brand’s first “store of the future”. In late April 2024, a new global flagship store came to
    life in Chadstone, the most premium centre in the Australian market. The new store incorporated all aspects of the new brand product and
    proposition, with a new high value product offering, elevated in-store experience, and private selling spaces.
  • To coincide with the brand refresh, and our first flagship store of the future, Michael Hill partnered with its first ever global Brand Ambassador,
    Miranda Kerr.
  • Miranda Kerr’s timeless elegance resonates in all our markets, she embodies our brand values, is aspirational and yet accessible. Michael Hill
    has the ambition to be one of the most sustainable jewellery brands in the world and this aligns perfectly with the sustainable business
    practices that Miranda follows.
  • Product evolution continues with a focus on quality, innovation and sustainability and simultaneously, the development of key signature
    ranges that embody the premium brand positioning. These are best demonstrated by the new signature lock range and the exclusive cut 101
    facet diamond collection.
  • Launch of the Michael Hill Foundation in late February represents our ongoing commitment to meaningful change, and our dedication to a
    better world. The Michael Hill Foundation encompasses two key areas of focus: Empowering Women and Nature Restoration.

 Bevilles

  • During the first year of ownership, the store network expanded into a new territory, Queensland, with five new stores and two conversion
    stores, along with three new stores in existing territories, increasing the store network to 36 stores (FY23: 26).
  • In the second half of the year, the business transitioned across to the Group operational IT systems, and relocated its Melbourne head office
    and distribution centre to Brisbane.
  • An increased focus on enhancing the brand’s differentiated proposition to increase disruption in the value jewellery segment.
  • After trading the all-important Christmas period, an extensive range review was undertaken with a view to rebalancing the product offering
    and visual presentation to take advantage of clearly identified market opportunities and in turn, maximising sales and margin.
  •
      Re-establishing the brand’s dominance in its core and everyday value product offering with a more productive and streamlined product range.

  • In support of the clearly defined network expansion plan, building a cost-effective marketing strategy that resonates with both existing and
    new customers.

 TenSevenSeven

  • New start-up brand with a unique and elevated proposition, capturing an entirely new high-end customer.
  • Continued enhancements of the digital customer experience, with product extensions and an increased unique diamond offering.
  • Investment in customer acquisition intended to be reignited as Group performance returns to growth.

 Medley

  • Building on fashion positioning across both demi-fine and fine jewellery to a younger demographic.
  • Successfully trialed a pop-up kiosk in Chadstone.

NETWORK EXPANSION & PRODUCTIVITY, 2025 - 2030
      With each brand uniquely positioned for their target customer segments, and with both product and brand propositions established, the Group
      will be well-placed to grow revenue and profits through a more productive and expanded distribution network.




 Michael Hill

  • Store productivity has proven to be a key lever of growth over recent years and as the brand continues to attract new target customers, it is
    anticipated that this will continue.
  • As the network aligns over time to the elevated product proposition, and with the continued focus on brand evolution, it is expected that
    average transaction values will continue to increase and support revenue growth.
  • Gross margin recovery will be a key focus, underpinned by product evolution, increased penetration of higher margin product, category mix
    and leveraging the Brilliance by Michael Hill loyalty program.
  • The brand refresh of our direct-to-consumer digital platforms is already delivering improved customer experience and conversion rates, which
    in conjunction with investments in data and insights, will increase productivity across all channels.
  • Beyond the brand’s leading position in bridal, promoting other key milestone moments like birthdays, provides significant revenue growth
    opportunities for the business.
  • Data insights from the Brilliance by Michael Hill loyalty program have identified further opportunities in targeting the self-purchasing
    customer, providing additional revenue growth opportunities.
 Bevilles

 • Even with the challenging trading conditions in the fine jewellery sector, the business held firm on its strategic intent to grow the footprint and
   strengthen its position in the market.
 • The business has grown the Bevilles network from 26 to 36 stores in the first year of ownership.
 • With the expansion of the network into Queensland, the business will focus on optimising the store layout, product range, and building brand
   presence prior to rolling out further stores.
 • Based on Michael Hill experience, data insights and competitor analysis, the opportunity to grow the network to over 100 stores in Australia
   remains in place.
 • As the Michael Hill brand elevates to a more premium position, this presents opportunities with select stores to transition to the Bevilles brand
   in a cost-efficient model. Three trial conversion stores are already underway as a test & learn and further conversion stores will be subject to
   performance.
 • A streamlined product offering will enable a step-change in visual presentation and customer experience, leading to a more efficient store
   footprint and an increase in productivity.
 • Investment in our people and training to upskill leadership, lift performance, and drive productivity.

 TenSevenSeven

 • Given the current trading conditions, the Group has prioritised resources to the Michael Hill and Bevilles brands.
 • As and when trading conditions improve, a resumption of the TenSevenSeven strategy will see delivery of key initiatives including: leveraging
   group data for customer acquisition, expansion of product offering, and opening a small number of flagship showrooms in key capital city
   destinations.

 Medley

 • Continue to optimise core digital platform, through customer acquisition and increased purchase frequency.
 • Following the initial success of the Chadstone pop-up kiosk, it was extended for Christmas 2024.

 Leveraging Group Capabilities

 The multi-brand strategy is underpinned by a philosophy of leveraging group capabilities to drive productivity across all brands:
 • Group technology investments and capabilities
 • Customer data and insights
 • Distribution and logistics synergies to optimise the cost of doing business
 • Portfolio vendor management to support product quality and margins
 • Digital capabilities to drive efficiency and growth
 • Property management to optimise real estate network
 • Core support and specialist functions across Human Resources, Finance and Legal

RISK MANAGEMENT
 The Board believes that a strong risk management framework supports the Group’s growth and success. The Group regularly reviews its risk
 environment and has identified the following at risk areas and mitigating strategies:

   Risk                                                                  Strategies and mitigation
   Continued uncertainty of timeframes for global recovery and           The Group has a growth strategy that embraces omni-channel expansion
   changing geopolitical risks creates volatility for the Group’s        and strategic acquisitions in markets that limit cannibalisation of sales and
   operating environments                                                focusses on improving the customer experience.
                                                                         Furthermore, there is executive oversight of all drivers, both internal and
                                                                         external, and prudent policy execution and governance mechanisms to
                                                                         respond accordingly.
   Increase in cyber-attacks disrupting operations and increased         The Group has tasked the Technology Governance Committee to oversee
   reliance on third-party platform providers to have robust             its response to cyber risk and the maturing of our cyber resilience. The
   cyber controls                                                        Group continues to invest in new technologies and remove vulnerable
                                                                         points of attack throughout its digital network.
                                                                         External partners have been engaged to uplift our capabilities, including
                                                                         both proactive and reactive responses to cyber-attacks.
                                                                         Penetration testing and disaster recovery planning are built into our
                                                                         operating rhythm to further prepare and respond to attacks.
   Theft appeal of our product increases during periods of               The safety and security of our staff and customers is our most important
   financial hardship and uncertainty                                    priority. We are investing in initiatives and processes which improve the
                                                                         overall security of our stores and contribute to the safety of our staff and
                                                                         customers. We are working with both local and national law enforcement
                                                                         bodies and other external parties to better the overall retail environment
                                                                         for our staff and customers.
                                                                         With the increasing escalation of theft and violence in all operating
                                                                         environments, the Group has expanded the remit of the dedicated
                                                                         executive led taskforce responding to New Zealand challenges to consider
                                                                         all jurisdictions we operate in and develop tailored and appropriate
                                                                         actions.
   Risk                                                                Strategies and mitigation
   Sustainability goals and supply chain transparency                  The Group has also outlined its goals in the Sustainability Strategy of
                                                                       having all suppliers meeting our expectations on their social and
                                                                       environmental impacts by 2030. Michael Hill’s sustainability vision is to
                                                                       transform how we source and manufacture our products, impact our planet
                                                                       and improve peoples lives.
                                                                       There are dedicated workstreams supporting each of our pillars of people,
                                                                       planet and product. In the product and people pillars, the Group is working
                                                                       closely with our key suppliers across our sourcing and procurement
                                                                       ecosystems to ensure our suppliers’ manufacturing and operations comply
                                                                       with our responsible sourcing practices. Further, the Group has developed
                                                                       a modern slavery roadmap to minimise the risk of modern slavery
                                                                       occurring in our business and supply chains.

   Increasing price gaps between mined and laboratory created          The Group regularly reviews its product range to ensure it satisfies
   diamonds impacts pricing of our range and could influence           consumer demand and offers choices in the markets we operate. This is
   consumer behaviors to the detriment of one or both precious         supported by a long-standing vendor relationships with key jewellery
   stones                                                              manufacturers and buyers who have global insights and can advise on
                                                                       market trends.
                                                                       Both mined and laboratory created diamonds feature in our core range and
                                                                       collections targeted to specific consumer preferences.
   Breach of regulation or law in one of our jurisdictions in an       The Group has in-house legal and compliance teams who are focused on
   increasingly complex compliance environment                         compliance in our three markets and utilise external firms for specialised
                                                                       advice when required. Any new legislative requirements or rectification
                                                                       initiatives have dedicated teams focused on ensuring our compliance and
                                                                       training our teams appropriately.
   Ability to respond to rapidly changing customer                     The Group regularly conducts range reviews to ensure product mix is on
   demographics, requirements and behaviours.                          trend and meets customer demands and customer demographics. We are
                                                                       investing in customer analytic platforms to better understand our current
                                                                       and future customers and tailoring our channels and product mix to meet
                                                                       the desired customer demands.

NON-IFRS FINANCIAL INFORMATION
 This report contains certain non-IFRS financial measures of historical financial performance. Non-IFRS financial measures are financial measures
 other than those defined or specified under all relevant accounting standards. The measures therefore may not be directly comparable with other
 companies' measures. Many of the measures used are common practice in the industry in which the Group operates. Non-IFRS financial
 information should be considered in addition to, and is not intended to be a substitute for, or more important than, IFRS measures. The
 presentation of non-IFRS measures is in line with Regulatory Guide 230 issued by Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) to
 promote full and clear disclosure for investors and other users of financial information, and minimise the possibility of those users being misled
 by such information.
 The measures are used by management and directors for the purpose of assessing the financial performance of the Group and individual
 segments. The directors also believe that these non-IFRS measures assist in providing additional meaningful information on the drivers of the
 business, performance and trends, as well as the position of the Group. Non-IFRS financial measures are also used to enhance the comparability
 of information between reporting periods by adjusting for non-recurring or controllable factors which affect IFRS measures, to aid the user in
 understanding the Group's performance. Consequently, non-IFRS measures are used by the directors and management for performance
 analysis, planning, reporting and incentive setting. These measures are not subject to audit.
 The non-IFRS measures used in describing the business performance include:
 • Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA)
 • Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT)
 • Comparable EBIT
 • Significant item
COMPARABLE EBIT
  Comparable EBIT has been calculated as follows:

                                                                                                                                                 2024                 2023
                                                                                                                                                $'000                 $'000
Reported EBIT                                                                                                                                  14,228                58,883
Add back costs relating to:
  Impact of IFRIC SaaS-related guidance                                                                                                         4,450                 7,356
  Litigation judgement1                                                                                                                         4,000                      -
  Bevilles acquisition transaction costs                                                                                                             -                1,960
  Bevilles integration costs                                                                                                                     2,372                     -
  Employee restructure costs                                                                                                                      962                   734
Less items relating to:
  Impact of AASB16 Leases                                                                                                                      (10,114)             (10,044)
Comparable EBIT                                                                                                                                15,898                58,889
  1
      Refer to Note I2 in the Financial Statements for events occurring after the end of the reporting period for information regarding the litigation judgement.

ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS AND CLIMATE REPORTING

  The Group has determined that no particular or significant environmental regulations apply to it.
  Under New Zealand's Financial Markets Conduct (Climate-related Disclosures for Foreign Listed Issuers) Exemption Notice 2024 (Notice),
  Michael Hill International Limited does not have a large presence in New Zealand and has a primary listing on the ASX. Michael Hill International
  Limited relied on the exemption in clause 6 of the Notice in respect of its FY24 period and is therefore an exempt entity. In the FY24 period,
  Michael Hill International Limited was not required to comply with any Australian climate-related disclosure requirements. The climate
  statements voluntarily prepared by Michael Hill International Limited can be found in the FY24 Sustainability Report.
INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS
  Information on the directors of Michael Hill International Limited in office during the financial year and until the date of this report are set out
  below.

  Director                          Experience and Directorships                                      Special                    Directors' Interests
                                                                                                      Responsibilities           in shares and
                                                                                                                                 options
Robert Fyfe                                                                                      Chair                                   1,953,578
                                    Rob was appointed a Director of the Company on 9 June
B.Eng, F.E.N.Z.,                                                                                                                   Ordinary Shares
                                    2016 having previously served as Director of Michael Hill’s
C.N.Z.M.                                                                                         Non-executive and
                                    listed entity in New Zealand commencing 6 January 2014.
                                                                                                 independent director
                                    He was appointed Chair of the Board in June 2021. Prior to
                                    joining the Company, Rob served as CEO of Air New
                                                                                                 Member of ARMC
                                    Zealand between 2005 and 2012, a period that saw a
                                    resurgence of Air New Zealand to become one of the most
                                                                                                 Member of PDRC
                                    recognised and awarded airlines in the world and one of
                                    the best performers in a tough industry. Rob also has
                                    extensive general management and board experience in
                                    various retail businesses operating in New Zealand,
                                    Australia and Great Britain, across sectors including retail
                                    banking, telecommunications, pay television, sport,
                                    manufacturing and outdoor apparel. In 2015 Rob was
                                    awarded an Honorary Doctor of Commerce from
                                    University of Canterbury and on New Year’s Eve 2020, Rob
                                    was appointed as a Companion of the New Zealand Order
                                    of Merit for services to business and tourism.

                                    Rob is also a Director of Air Canada. He has not had any
                                    other directorships of listed entities in the last three years.
Sir Richard (Michael) Hill          Sir Michael is the founder of Michael Hill, and his visionary Non-executive director              148,330,600
K.N.Z.M.                            leadership has been the foundation for the Company’s                                           Ordinary Shares
                                    listing on the New Zealand Stock Exchange (NZX) in 1987
                                    and successful international expansion. Sir Michael's
                                    dedication to the jewellery retailing industry and his
                                    commitment to excellence have been evident throughout
                                    his career. He had 23 years of jewellery retailing
                                    experience before establishing Michael Hill in 1979, and
                                    his strategic decisions and innovative approaches have
                                    played a significant role in the growth and success of
                                    Michael Hill.

                                    Sir Michael led the Group as Chairman from when it listed
                                    on NZX in 1987 until 2015, and was appointed a Director of
                                    the Company on 9 June 2016. In 2008, he was recognised
                                    as Ernst & Young’s ‘Entrepreneur of the Year’ and in 2011
                                    was appointed a Knight Companion of the New Zealand
                                    Order of Merit for services to business and the arts. As a
                                    Knight Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit, Sir
                                    Michael's contribution to both business and the arts has
                                    been widely recognized and celebrated. His leadership
                                    continues to inspire those within the company and the
                                    industry as a whole.
                                    Sir Michael is not a Director of any other listed entities and
                                    has not had any directorships of listed entities in the last
                                    three years.
  Director                  Experience and Directorships                                     Special            Directors' Interests
                                                                                             Responsibilities   in shares and
                                                                                                                options
Emma Hill                   Emma was appointed a Director of the Company on 9 June Non-executive director            167,487,526
B.Com, M.B.A                2016 having previously served as Director of Michael Hill’s                           Ordinary Shares
                            listed entity in New Zealand commencing 22 February         Chair of PDRC
                            2007. She served as Deputy Chair of the Group from 2011
                            until 2015 and as Chair from 2015 until June 2021. Emma
                            has over 30 years’ experience working in various roles
                            within the Group, commencing on the shop floor in
                            Whangarei, New Zealand. She held a number of
                            management positions in the Australian company before
                            successfully leading the expansion of the Group into
                            Canada as Retail General Manager in 2002. Emma holds a
                            Bachelor of Commerce degree and an MBA from Bond
                            University.

                            Emma is not a Director of any other listed entities and has
                            not had any directorships of listed entities in the last three
                            years.

Gary Smith                                                                            Non-executive and                  102,000
                            Gary was appointed a Director of the Company on 24
B.Com, F.C.A., F.A.I.C.D.                                                             independent director        Ordinary Shares
                            February 2016 having previously served as Director of
                            Michael Hill’s listed entity in New Zealand commencing 2
                                                                                      Chair of ARMC
                            November 2012. Gary has extensive Director experience
                            across a range of boards and tourism related industry
                                                                                      Member of PDRC
                            bodies. He is Chairman of Flight Centre Travel Group Ltd,
                            one of Australia’s top 100 public companies and is a
                            member of their Audit and Remuneration sub-
                            committees. He is a Chartered Accountant and a Fellow of
                            the Australian Institute of Company Directors.

                            Gary is a Director of Flight Centre Travel Group Limited.
                            He has not had any other directorships of listed entities in
                            the last three years.
Jacqueline Naylor           Jacqueline was appointed a Director of the Company on 15 Non-executive and                    160,000
M.A.I.C.D.                  July 2020, and retired as a Director of the Company on 8     independent director     Ordinary Shares
                            April 2024. Jacqueline is a highly regarded Australian                                   (as at date of
                            retail leader with over thirty years’ executive and board    Member of ARMC            retirement as a
                            experience in retail, fashion and eCommerce. She is                                           director)
                            currently an Independent Non-Executive Director of Myer
                            and was previously a Director of PAS Group, Macpac and
                            the Virgin Australia Melbourne Fashion Festival. This
                            follows an extensive career as a retail executive (and later
                            an executive director) at the Just Group, where Jacqueline
                            oversaw merchandising, marketing and brand strategies
                            across a portfolio of 800 stores.

                            Jacqueline is a Director of Myer Holdings Limited. She has
                            not had any other directorships of listed entities in the last
                            three years.

David Whittle               Dave was appointed a Director of the Company on 2          Non-executive and                   70,431
B.A., B.Com                 August 2023. Dave has considerable brand, data,            independent director       Ordinary Shares
                            technology, omni-channel retail and digital transformation
                            experience. He is a Founder of Lexer, a global software    Member of ARMC
                            company helping brands and retailers genuinely
                            understand and engage their customers. In 2015, Dave
                            became the youngest ASX 200 Non-Executive Director
                            when he joined the board of Myer. Previously, Dave spent
                            10 years with global advertising group M&C Saatchi in
                            several local and international leadership roles,
                            culminating in three years as Managing Director in
                            Australia. Dave is a Director of Myer Holding Limited. He
                            has not had any other directorships of listed entities in the
                            last three years.
  Director          Experience and Directorships                                     Special             Directors' Interests
                                                                                     Responsibilities    in shares and
                                                                                                         options
Claudia Batten                                                                  Non-executive and       Nil Ordinary Shares
                    Claudia was appointed a Director of the Company on the
LLB (Hons), B.Com                                                               independent director
                    30 August 2024. Claudia started her professional career
                    at law firm Russell McVeagh specialising in contract, IP,
                                                                                Member of PDRC
                    and technology law before moving to New York in 2002.
                    Claudia was a member of the founding team of Massive
                    Incorporated, a network for advertising in video games
                    which helped pioneer “digital” as a media buy. Massive
                    was sold to Microsoft in 2006, where Claudia spent 3 years
                    scaling the in-game network. In 2009 she co-founded
                    Victors & Spoils, the first advertising agency built on the
                    principles of crowdsourcing which was acquired by French
                    holding company Havas Worldwide just two years later.

                    Claudia has been widely recognised for her work
                    supporting the technology and start up scene in New
                    Zealand and spent three years running North American
                    operations for NZTE, supporting disruptive thinking for the
                    growth of NZ exports in North America. Claudia is a
                    graduate of Victoria University of Wellington with degrees
                    in Law (Hons) and Commerce.
                    Claudia is currently a Director of Air New Zealand Limited,
                    Vista Group International Limited and is Chair of Serko
                    Limited. She has not had any other directorships of listed
                    entities in the last three years.

Daniel Bracken      Daniel joined the Group as the CEO in November 2018 and Managing Director                   2,845,693
                    was appointed to the Board as an executive Director in                                 Ordinary Shares
                    June 2021. He has more than 25 years’ experience          Chief Executive Officer
                    managing some of the world’s most iconic brands. He has                                     2,826,226
                    an extensive background in corporate strategy, brand                                      Share Rights
                    development, product design, customer engagement and
                    digital expansion, and has been instrumental in executing
                    turnaround initiatives across many retail businesses.

                    Daniel is not a Director of any other listed entities and has
                    not had any other directorships of listed entities in the last
                    three years.
COMPANY SECRETARIES
  The Company has appointed two company secretaries, Andrew Lowe and Kate Palethorpe.
  Andrew Lowe, who is also the Chief Financial Officer of the Group, was appointed to the position of Company Secretary on 1 March 2019, having
  also held that position previously from 15 December 2017 to 22 January 2018. Andrew has extensive experience in finance and leadership roles
  across a range of listed corporate groups with Australian and offshore operations.
  Andrew holds a Bachelor of Commerce, a Bachelor of Laws (Hons) and a Masters of Applied Finance, and is a qualified Chartered Accountant
  and a Chartered Taxation Adviser of the Taxation Institute of Australia.
  Kate Palethorpe, who is also the General Counsel of the Group, was appointed to the position of Company Secretary on 18 March 2024. Kate is an
  experienced ASX company secretary and governance professional, starting her career at top-tier law firm Minter Ellison before moving to in-
  house roles including Aesop, Aussie Farmers Direct and Australian Dairy Nutritionals. She has broad legal, commercial and governance
  experience and a strong background in retail and consumer brands/products.
  Emily Bird held the position of Company Secretary from 31 July 2020 until 5 January 2024.

MEETINGS OF DIRECTORS
  The numbers of meetings of the Company's Board of Directors and of each Board committee held during the year ended 30 June 2024, and the
  numbers of meetings attended by each director were:

                                                                                                                 Meeting of committees
                                                                                                                               People Development and
                                                           Full meetings of Directors     Audit and Risk Management
                                                                                                                                    Remuneration
                                                                 A               B                A                B             A              B
R I Fyfe                                                         11              11               4                4              5             5
Sir R M Hill                                                     10              11               -                 -             -              -
E J Hill                                                         11              11               -                 -             5             5
G W Smith                                                        10              11               4                4              5             5
J E Naylor^                                                      6               6                2                3              -              -
D Whittle*                                                       10              10               2                2              -              -
D Bracken                                                        11              11               -                 -             -              -

A = Number of meetings attended
B = Number of meetings held during the time the director held office or was a member of the committee during the year
^J E Naylor ceased to be a director of the company on 8 April 2024. She also ceased to be a member of the ARMC on that date.
*D Whittle was appointed as director of the company on 2 August 2023 and was appointed as a member of the ARMC on 13 November 2023.

COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP
As at the date of this report, Michael Hill International Limited has an Audit and Risk Management Committee and a People Development and
Remuneration Committee.

AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
Gary Smith (Chair)
Robert Fyfe
Jacqueline Naylor (ceased membership on 8 April 2024)
David Whittle (commenced membership on 13 November 2023)

PEOPLE DEVELOPMENT AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Emma Hill (Chair)
Robert Fyfe
Gary Smith
Claudia Batten (commenced membership on 30 August 2024)
AUDITED REMUNERATION REPORT
The directors present the 2024 Michael Hill International Limited remuneration report, outlining key aspects of our remuneration policy and
framework, and remuneration awarded during FY24. The information provided in this remuneration report has been audited as required by
section 308(3C) of the Corporations Act 2001.

CONTENTS

Section 1         Letter from the Chair of the People Development and Remuneration Committee
Section 2         Remuneration Overview
Section 3         Remuneration Framework
Section 4         Relationship of Remuneration to Group Performance
Section 5         FY24 Executive Key Management Personnel (KMP) Remuneration
Section 6         FY24 Non-Executive Director Remuneration

SECTION 1 LETTER FROM THE CHAIR OF THE PEOPLE DEVELOPMENT AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of Michael Hill Group, I am pleased to present the FY24 remuneration report. The report outlines the Group’s remuneration strategy
and framework and details how the Board has approached remuneration to retain and incentivise key management personal (KMP), while
aligning reward with shareholder value creation.
Over the past several years Michael Hill Group has achieved significant growth and has transformed to become a modern, differentiated, omni-
channel jewellery group. In FY24 however, persistent cost of living pressures has led to significant declines in consumer confidence and
discretionary spending, which weighed heavily on the Group’s financial performance.
Key results from FY24 include:
 •   Total Group revenue of $644.9m (2023: $629.6m) - an increase of 2.4%
 •   Reported EBIT* of $14.2m (2023: $58.9m) - a decrease of 75.8%
 •   Comparable EBIT* of $15.9m (2023: $58.9m) - a decrease of 73.0%
*Reported EBIT and Comparable EBIT are non-IFRS information. Please refer to non-IFRS information section in the Directors' Report for an explanation of non-
IFRS information and a reconciliation of EBIT and Comparable EBIT.
On 1 June 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of jewellery and watch retailer ‘Bevilles’. The Bevilles acquisition included a portfolio of
26 Australian stores and 350 team members. During the year 10 new Bevilles stores opened, establishing a brand presence in the Queensland
market, with a total of seven stores to date. Throughout FY24 there was a strong focus on integration of the Bevilles business including
relocation of the Bevilles head office from Melbourne to Brisbane to leverage the Group’s existing distribution and support capability.
In response to challenging trading conditions during the year a cost optimisation program was undertaken. This program resulted in a review of
the support centre structure and costs. A number of departments were restructured, resulting in the exit of some senior leadership roles and
one executive role, which resulted in the redistribution of responsibilities to other executives.
It was pleasing to see an increase of two percentage points in our most recent engagement survey and we continue to rate well above industry
average across all countries.
FY24 Remuneration
The Group’s KMP and executive remuneration structure comprises a mix of market competitive fixed remuneration, short term incentives (STI)
to reward annual performance and long-term incentives (LTI) to align long term financial performance and shareholder value creation. There
were no changes to the Group remuneration structure during FY24.
The STI awarded for the year was 9.7% of potential and 19.5% of target for the CEO and 9.2% of potential and 18.5% of target for the CFO. The STI
payment was for achievement of H1 KPIs which were awarded at the end of the half in accordance with policy. As a result of continued profit
decline during H2 the STI program was suspended with no further payments made, despite the delivery of a number of strategic and operational
objectives being achieved.
Under the Group's LTI program, 1,123,592 share rights were awarded to the CEO and 241,871 share rights were awarded to the CFO in FY24.
These share rights are subject to the satisfaction of certain performance metrics over a three year performance period. In addition, in FY24 the
CEO was issued 2,628,412 shares in the Company on vesting of his FY20 and FY21 LTI share rights and FY22 STI share rights. The CFO was
issued 778,205 shares in the Company on vesting of his FY20 and FY21 LTI share rights and FY22 STI share rights.
At the 2023 Annual General Meeting shareholders approved an increase in the Non-Executive Director (NED) remuneration pool from $840,000
to $1,200,000. Non-Executive Director (NED) fees were increased by the Wage Price Index (WPI) of 3.6%. There were no other changes to the
structure of NED fees.
FY25 Remuneration Update
In recognition of the challenging trade environment and FY24 decline in profit, no increase will be applied to Director fees for the FY25 year. In
line with our remuneration policy the executive salaries were reviewed and an increase of 3% awarded, which was below CPI of 3.8% for 12
months to June 2024. Daniel Bracken as Managing Director and CEO elected to forgo a base salary increase for FY25. As a result of the Pay IQ
review the structure of STI has moved from individual KPIs that are measured and awarded on a six monthly basis, to annual performance
targets and payment. The Outperformance component of the STI, which grants the opportunity to double the On-Target award for financial
outperformance, has moved from a stepped to linear payment curve awarded for above budget performance. The maximum award
performance hurdle has moved to 165% of EBIT target from the previous 112% of EBIT.
In conclusion, the Board believes the remuneration outcomes for FY24 reflect an appropriate alignment between pay and performance during
the year and are also reasonable in terms of the challenging operating environment.
Regards,




Emma Hill
Chair of the People Development and Remuneration Committee
SECTION 2 REMUNERATION OVERVIEW

 This report sets out the remuneration arrangements for Michael Hill International’s key management personnel (KMP). KMP have the authority
 and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity. All KMP listed below have held their positions for the entire
 reporting period unless indicated otherwise.

 Name                                    Position                                                           Commencement as KMP
Non-Executive Directors
 Robert Fyfe                             Chair and non-executive director                                   2016
 Sir Richard Michael Hill                Founder and non-executive director                                 2016
 Emma Hill                               Non-executive director                                             2016
 Gary Smith                              Non-executive director                                             2016
 David Whittle1                          Non-executive director                                             2024
 Jacqueline Naylor2                      Non-executive director                                             2020
Managing Director and CEO
 Daniel Bracken                          Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer                      2019
Executive
 Andrew Lowe                             Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary                      2017
 1
     David Whittle was appointed a non-executive director on 2 August 2023.
 2
     Jacqueline Naylor resigned as a non-executive director effective 8 April 2024.

 People Development and Remuneration Committee (PDRC)
 The primary objective of the People Development and Remuneration Committee (PDRC) is to assist the Board to fulfil its corporate governance
 and oversight responsibilities in relation to the Company’s people strategy including remuneration components, performance measurements
 and accountability frameworks, recruitment, engagement, retention, talent management and succession planning.
 The following non-executive directors are members of the PDRC for the 2024 reporting period:
     •     Emma Hill - Chair of the PDRC
     •     Robert Fyfe - Chair of the Board of Directors
     •     Gary Smith - Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee
 Use of Remuneration Consultants
 The PDRC obtains independent advice every three years on the appropriateness of remuneration practices of the Group given trends in
 comparative companies and the objectives of the Group’s remuneration strategy. In FY22 PriceWaterhouse Coopers were engaged to
 benchmark KMP and Executive team remuneration and the results were considered in FY24 remuneration decisions.
 In FY24 PayIQ were engaged to review the Group’s STI Framework, which informed changes to FY25 Remuneration Framework. The fees paid to
 PayIQ for the remuneration recommendations were $25,300.

SECTION 3 REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK

 Our remuneration philosophy is guided by our vision to be a modern, differentiated, omni channel jewellery group. The structure of
 compensation is designed with a mix of market competitive fixed remuneration, short term incentives to reward annual performance and long
 term incentives to align financial performance and shareholder value creation.

 Our Values

            We care                 We are professional                   We are inclusive and diverse         We create outstanding experiences


 Our Remuneration Philosophy

         Attract, motivate and retain talent             Reward the achievement of strategic objectives        Align to shareholder value creation
  Our Remuneration Framework

                                          Fixed Remuneration                        Short Term Incentive (STI)                         Long Term Incentive (LTI)
                                          Fixed Remuneration is set with
                                          reference to market competitive
                                          rates in comparative companies            Executive KMP participate in the Group’s            The Company has
       How is it set?                     for similar positions, adjusted           STI program prioritising Board approved             established an LTI plan as
                                          to account for the experience,            on target and outperformance targets.               deferred compensation.
                                          ability and effectiveness of the
                                          individual Executive.
                                                                                                                                        An issue of share rights is
                                                                                                                                        made to Executive KMP.
                                                                                                                                        The rights vest at the end
                                                                                                                                        of the performance period
                                          Base salary plus any fixed                                                                    if certain performance
                                          elements including                        Cash for on target performance and for              hurdles and vesting
       How is it delivered?
                                          superannuation and                        outperformance.                                     conditions are met. Under
                                          leave entitlements.                                                                           the LTI plan rules the
                                                                                                                                        Board also has discretion
                                                                                                                                        to settle an issue of vested
                                                                                                                                        shares via an equivalent
                                                                                                                                        cash payment.
                                                                                    Drive annual profit growth and align                Reward Executive KMP for
                                          Attract and retain key Executive          Executive reward with achievement of                sustainable long term
       What is the objective?
                                          talent.                                   performance targets that underpin                   growth aligned to
                                                                                    strategy.                                           shareholders' interests.

SECTION 4 RELATIONSHIP OF REMUNERATION TO GROUP PERFORMANCE

  The remuneration framework operates to create a clear link between Executive remuneration and the Group’s performance. The overall level of
  remuneration takes into consideration the performance of the Group over several years. The performance of the Group over the past five years
  is summarised below:

                                                                                          2024             2023             2022              2021          2020
Revenue ($'000)                                                                         644,929          629,562           595,210         556,486         492,060
Comparable EBIT* ($'000)                                                                  15,898           58,889           62,870           56,594         25,686
Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company ($'000)                           (479)          35,182           46,712            41,015          3,059
Earnings per share (cents)                                                                 (0.12c)           9.20c           12.03c           10.57c          0.79c
Dividends paid during the financial year1 ($'000)                                         20,195           30,719           25,239            11,636          5,817
Market capitalisation ($'000)                                                            173,081         339,822           361,105          322,158         131,841
Share price at year end ($)                                                                  0.45             0.90             0.93             0.83           0.34
Compound annual growth rate                                                               (20.1)%           (2.2)%            13.9%          148.5%         (34.3)%
Return on average total assets                                                              (0.1%)            6.7%             9.3%             9.0%           0.7%
  *EBIT and Comparable EBIT are Non-IFRS Information. Please refer to Non-IFRS Information in the Directors' Report for an explanation of Non-IFRS information
  and a reconciliation of EBIT and Comparable EBIT.
  1
      The dividends paid in FY21 are the postponed interim dividend for FY20 and the interim dividend for FY21. No final dividend was declared for FY20.
The first graph below shows the share price growth and movement compared to the ASX300 whilst the second graph shows the dividend paid
and yield per financial year.




The graphs below show the relationship of KMP remuneration to revenue and Adjusted Earnings Per Share1 for the last four financial years.




1
    Adjusted Earnings Per Share is calculated similarly to statutory Earnings Per Share except EBIT is adjusted to Comparable EBIT as set out in the Directors' Report.


SECTION 5 FY24 EXECUTIVE KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL (KMP) REMUNERATION
As per our Remuneration Policy, formal benchmarking of KMP remuneration is conducted every three years. The last review was conducted in
the lead up to FY23 and the findings from this activity were used to inform the FY24 KMP remuneration outcomes.

Remuneration Mix

The total remuneration for Executive KMPs comprises both Fixed Remuneration and at risk components in the form of On-Target STI,
Outperformance STI and LTI. Maximum STI and LTI incentives are calculated as a % of the relevant Executive KMPs Fixed Remuneration
component, with the actual amount delivered to the KMP subject to satisfaction of certain performance conditions. The remuneration mix is
designed to compensate KMP in a way that strongly correlates to Group performance. The Outperformance STI gives the Executive KMPs the
ability to earn the equivalent % of the On-Target STI value, paid in cash.

KMP                                                  Fixed Remuneration            Maximum STI                        LTI                                Total
Daniel Bracken - CEO                                  34.8%                        32.1%                               33.1%                             100.0%
Andrew Lowe - CFO                                     48.5%                        32.0%                               19.4%                             100.0%

Fixed Remuneration

Fixed Remuneration is reviewed annually, and our policy is to consider the consumer price index (CPI), Executive performance and retention,
and increases to any applicable superannuation concessional contributions cap. Remuneration is set with reference to market competitive rates
in comparable companies for similar positions adjusted for the experience, ability and effectiveness of the individual Executive KMP. Fixed
Remuneration includes base salary and superannuation contributions at the rate of the concessional contributions cap. At the commencement
of the reporting period, CPI was at 6%, which had decreased from the previous quarter, in addition the minimum wage was increased 5.75%. Due
to wage inflation the base salary of the CEO increased by 5% and the base salary of the CFO increased by 5%. Superannuation was maintained at
the concessional contributions cap of $27,500 for both KMP.
Short Term Incentive (STI) Scheme

The Group’s STI program is designed to reward delivery of annual profit targets and ensure achievement of strategic and operational objectives.
The maximum STI is calculated as a % of the relevant Executive KMP's Fixed Remuneration component and detailed in performance scorecards
that are set by the People, Development and Remuneration Committee (PDRC). The scorecards detail the performance targets, indicators and
weightings for each Executive across the key performance areas of Financial, Strategy, Customer and People. The CEO’s scorecard is comprised
of core objectives from each Executive’s scorecard.
The STI program is supported by a performance management system giving visibility and transparency of progress by each Executive.
Performance against key performance indicators (KPIs) is formally measured on a biannual basis and informally in regular meetings.
The STI program in FY24 for KMP was structured as follows:

                                                        Annual award for Financial KPI
Performance period
                                                        Six monthly award for Strategy, Customer and People KPIs
                                                        CEO – 92% of Fixed Remuneration comprised of 46% for On-Target performance, and
                                                        46% for Outperformance
Opportunity
                                                        CFO – 66% of Fixed Remuneration comprised of 33% for On-Target performance, and
                                                        33% for Outperformance
How the STI is paid?                                    In cash for On-Target performance and in cash for Outperformance
                                                        Financial KPI 60% weighting
On-Target performance measures
                                                        Strategy, Customer and People KPIs 40% weighting
Performance measure for Outperformance
                                                        Starting at $2.0m above FY24 budgeted EBIT and increasing progressively
component
                                                        The PDRC reviews the CEO’s performance against the performance targets and
                                                        objectives set for that year. The CEO assesses the performance of his direct reports
How is STI assessed?
                                                        which include the CFO. The PDRC reviews the assessed performance for Board
                                                        endorsement.

STI Outcomes

The following tables detail the FY24 STI scorecard KPIs and assessment applied to the CEO and CFO. In H1 the majority of the individual KPIs for
both KMP were achieved and payment made, as detailed in the table below. At the end of the FY24 financial year, both KMP achieved their
strategic and customer targets, with an improvement on the people target. However, with the decline in profit in H2 the STI program was
suspended with no further payments made at the end of the year for the second half.

KPI                                                     2024 Performance Assessment
FINANCIAL (60% weighting)
  EBIT                                                  Target not achieved
STRATEGY (15% weighting)
  Growth, Cyber security, Store of the future           Achieved
CUSTOMER (15% weighting)
  Brand refresh                                         Achieved
PEOPLE (10% weighting)
  Culture and engagement, ESG                           Engagement improvement on FY23 but not to target and not awarded. ESG achieved.

Analysis of Bonuses Included in Remuneration

                                                                                         Incentive                  Remuneration

                                                                              Out-           Total                                     Amount
                                                        On-Target                                      Cash STI         Total STI     Forfeited
                                                                      performance        potential
                                                         achieved                                    component          included
                                                                          achieved       available

                                                                %               %               $             $                $               $

Daniel Bracken                                                19.5%           0.0%       1,027,283        100,160         100,160       927,123
Andrew Lowe                                                   18.5%           0.0%         376,777         34,852          34,852       341,925
LTI Scheme

The FY24 LTI program for KMP was structured as follows:

Performance period                                       3 years
                                                         CEO - 95% of Fixed Remuneration
Opportunity
                                                         CFO - 40% of Fixed Remuneration
Instrument                                               Share rights
                                                         Total Shareholder Return (TSR) compound annual growth rate (CAGR) over 3 years
Performance metrics
                                                         Earnings per Share (EPS) CAGR over 3 years
                                                         Awards are subject to a service condition requiring the Executive KMP to remain
Service condition                                        employed by the Group until the performance hurdle assessment date (being 10 ASX
                                                         trading days following the release of the Group's FY26 results).
                                                         Subject to the KMP meeting the Service condition, share rights attached to the TSR and
                                                         EPS performance metrics vest in accordance with a sliding vesting schedule:
                                                         The TSR vesting schedule is as follows:
                                                         - No rights vest if TSR is equal to or less than 10% CAGR
                                                         - 10% of share rights vest for each 1% increase in CAGR performance between 10%
                                                         CAGR to 20% CAGR
Vesting schedule for the Performance metrics
                                                         - 100% of share rights vest if TSR is equal to or above 20% CAGR
                                                         The EPS vesting schedule is as follows:
                                                         - No rights vest if EPS is equal to or less than 5% CAGR
                                                         - 10% of share rights vest for each 1% increase in CAGR between 5% CAGR to 10%
                                                         CAGR
                                                         - 100% of share rights vest if EPS is equal to or above 10% CAGR
                                                         The TSR and EPS metrics have been deemed by the PDRC to be a suitable market
Rationale for the performance metric and condition       based measure to create alignment between the interests of Executive KMP and the
                                                         interests of shareholders.
                                                         The treatment of the KMP's share rights (both vested and unvested) will depend on the
                                                         circumstances of cessation of their employment. For example, where the KMP ceases
                                                         employment due to resignation or termination for cause, they will be entitled to retain
                                                         their vested and unexercised share rights but will forfeit all of their unvested share
                                                         rights (unless the Board determines a different treatment). In other cases such as
What happens when a KMP ceases employment?               redundancy or bona fide retirement, the KMP will be entitled to retain their vested and
                                                         unexercised share rights, and their unvested share rights. Any unvested share rights
                                                         will be retained on a pro rata basis (based on the proportion of the vesting period for
                                                         those share rights that will have lapsed on the date the KMP's employment ceased). In
                                                         addition, any vesting conditions applicable to a KMP's unvested share rights will
                                                         automatically be waived, unless the Board determines a different treatment.
                                                         Share rights do not confer on the holder any entitlement to any dividends or other
Dividends and voting rights                              distributions by the Group or any right to attend or vote at any general meeting of the
                                                         Group.

FY24 LTI Outcomes

Both Executive KMP were eligible to participate in the FY24 LTI in accordance with the LTI program detailed in the preceding table. For the CEO,
the grant of share rights under the FY24 LTI plan was approved by shareholders at the 2023 Annual General Meeting held on 14 November
2023. Further details of the number of share rights granted to the CEO and CFO in relation to the FY24 LTI can be found later in this report under
the heading ‘Reconciliation of Options and Share Rights held by KMP’.

Other benefits

Executive KMP do not receive additional benefits, such as non-cash benefits, other than superannuation and leave entitlements, as part of the
terms and conditions of their appointment. Loans are not provided.

Service contracts

It is the Group’s policy that service contracts for KMP are unlimited in term but capable of termination on six months’ notice (twelve months in
the case of the CEO) and that the Group retains the right to terminate the contract immediately, by making payment equal to three months’ pay
in lieu of notice (or twelve months in the case of the CEO). KMP are also entitled to receive on termination of employment their statutory
entitlements of accrued annual and long service leave, together with any superannuation benefits.
SECTION 6 FY24 NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION
Total compensation for all Non-Executive Directors, voted upon by shareholders on 14 November 2023, is not to exceed $1,200,000 per annum.
Directors’ base fees for FY24 were $110,795 per annum. The Board Chair receives twice the base fee. Additional fees are paid where a Director is
Chair of a committee.

Committee Chair fees                                                                                                                        $
People Development and Remuneration                                                                                                      22,890
Audit and Risk                                                                                                                           34,336

It is the Company’s policy to consider CPI and the WPI in determining any increase to Directors’ fees annually. In FY24, CPI was 6% and WPI was
3.6%. It was decided that that the appropriate measure to apply was WPI and the Non-Executive Director fees increased by the WPI percentage
of 3.6%.
All Non-Executive Directors enter into a service agreement with the Company in the form of a letter of appointment. The letter summarises the
Board policies and terms, including remuneration, relevant to the office of Director. Non-Executive Directors do not receive performance-related
compensation. Directors’ fees cover all main Board activities and membership of committees. Non-Executive Directors are not provided with
retirement benefits apart from statutory superannuation.
   DIRECTOR AND EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION OUTCOMES FOR FY24
  Details of the nature and amount of each major element of remuneration of each Director of the Company and other KMP of the consolidated entity are:
                                                            Short-term                            Long-term         Post-employment              Share-based payments                  Proportion     Value of rights
                                                                                                                                                                                    remuneration        as proportion
                                          Salary & fees*   STI cash bonus              Total Long service leave      Superannuation    Termination      Share rights       Total     performance     of remuneration
                                                                                                                            benefits      benefits                                         related



Name                                                   $                 $                  $                   $                  $             $                 $            $                %                  %
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Emma Jane Hill
2024                                           133,544               -             133,544                  -                  -             -                 -        133,544              -                  -
2023                                           128,748               -             128,748                  -                  -             -                 -        128,748              -                  -
Sir Richard Michael Hill
2024                                            110,678              -              110,678                 -                  -             -                 -        110,678              -                  -
2023                                           106,702               -             106,702                  -                  -             -                 -        106,702              -                  -
Gary Warwick Smith
2024                                           130,602               -             130,602                  -               14,529           -                 -         145,131             -                  -
2023                                           126,634               -             126,634                  -               13,454           -                 -        140,088              -                  -
Robert Ian Fyfe
2024                                           221,356               -             221,356                  -                  -             -                 -        221,356              -                  -
2023                                           213,405               -             213,405                  -                  -             -                 -        213,405              -                  -
David Whittle (appointed 2 August 2023)
2024                                             91,477              -               91,477                 -                10,187          -                 -        101,664              -                  -
2023                                               -                 -                  -                   -                  -             -                 -            -               -                   -
Jacqueline Elizabeth Naylor (resigned 8 April 2024)
2024                                             76,781              -               76,781                 -                8,446           -                 -         85,227              -                  -
2023                                            96,674               -              96,674                  -               10,390           -                 -        107,064              -                  -
*Salary and fees include the net leave entitlement accrual, calculated as leave accrued less leave taken.
                                                            Short-term                            Long-term           Post-employment              Share-based payments                   Proportion     Value of rights
                                                                                                                                                                                       remuneration        as proportion
                                          Salary & fees*   STI cash bonus              Total Long service leave        Superannuation    Termination      Share rights         Total    performance     of remuneration
                                                                                                                              benefits      benefits                                          related



Name                                                   $                 $                 $                      $                 $              $                $             $                %                  %
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Daniel Bracken, CEO
2024                                          1,149,265          100,160         1,249,425                  22,139            27,500           -             150,822      1,449,886           6.91%             10.40%
2023                                         1,062,937          342,850          1,405,786                  21,252            27,500           -            290,033       1,744,572          19.65%             16.62%
TOTAL DIRECTOR REMUNERATION
2024                                          1,913,703          100,160         2,013,863                  22,139            60,662           -             150,822      2,247,485           6.91%             10.40%
2023                                          1,735,100         342,850          2,077,949                  21,252            51,344           -            290,033       2,440,578          19.65%             16.62%
NON-DIRECTOR KMP
Andrew Lowe, CFO
2024                                           528,326            34,852           563,178                  11,454            27,500           -              32,056       634,189            5.50%              5.05%
2023                                           523,568           125,895           649,463                   11,117           27,500           -              78,139       766,220           16.43%             10.20%
TOTAL NON-DIRECTOR KMP REMUNERATION
2024                                           528,326            34,852           563,178                  11,454            27,500           -              32,056       634,189            5.50%              5.05%
2023                                           523,568           125,895           649,463                   11,117           27,500           -              78,139       766,220           16.43%             10.20%
TOTAL KMP REMUNERATION
2024                                         2,442,029           135,012         2,577,041                  33,593            88,162           -             182,878      2,881,674           4.64%              6.29%
2023                                         2,258,668          468,745           2,727,413                 32,369            78,844           -             368,172      3,206,798          14.62%              11.48%
*Salary and fees include the net leave entitlement accrual, calculated as leave accrued less leave taken.
ADDITIONAL STATUTORY INFORMATION
EQUITY INSTRUMENTS

All options or rights refer to options or rights over ordinary shares of Michael Hill International Limited, which are exercisable on a one-for-one
basis under the Company's Equity Incentive Plan (Plan).

MODIFICATION OF TERMS OF EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS

The terms of the Plan were approved by shareholders at the Company's 2023 Annual General Meeting held on 14 November 2023. The Plan
replaced the Group’s previous incentive scheme approved by shareholders to address significant changes to the Corporations Act covering
employee share schemes. No changes were otherwise made to the terms of the Plan during the reporting period.
The Plan applies to any rights or shares issued after 14 November 2023 as part of the Company’s LTI remuneration strategy.
The terms of equity-settled share-based payment transactions (including options and rights granted as compensation to a KMP) entered into
prior to 14 November 2023 have not been altered or modified by the Company during the reporting period or the prior period. Upon exercise of
any option previously granted with a NZ$ exercise price, the exercise price will be converted to AU$ with reference to the Reserve Bank of
Australia foreign exchange rate on that date. The exercise price of any future option grants will be set by using the same method, with reference
to the Australian Securities Exchange ('ASX').

ANALYSIS OF OPTIONS AND RIGHTS OVER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS GRANTED AS COMPENSATION

No options were granted to KMP as compensation for the financial year.

SHARE RIGHTS

The number of share rights issued to KMP and senior management during FY24 was 1,365,463 share rights. Of these, the number of share rights
issued to KMP are set out below. Refer to note D3 of the accompanying financial report for further details.

                                                                                                                                             Fair value
                                                                                                                           Issued during
                                                                                                                                             per share
                                                                                                                                the year
                                                                                                                                                   right

KMP                                                                                                                             Number                $
Daniel Bracken                                                                                                                 1,123,592         0.45
Andrew Lowe                                                                                                                      241,871         0.45
 RECONCILIATION OF OPTIONS AND SHARE RIGHTS HELD BY KMP

 No options are held by KMP. The number of rights over ordinary shares held during the financial year by KMP, including the number issued,
 vested, exercised and forfeited is set out below:

                                                      Balance at start of the year                                  Balance at end of the year
                                        Vested and       Unvested           Issued      Forfeited        Vested       Exercised    Vested and       Unvested
                                        Exercisable                                                                                Exercisable
Daniel Bracken
FY19 LTI Plan
 Tranche one                                27,504             -                 -               -              -      (27,504)            -              -
 Tranche two                                27,504             -                 -               -              -      (27,504)            -              -
 Tranche three                                  -          55,010                                                              -                      55,010
FY20 LTI Plan
 Tranche one                                 35,615            -                 -               -              -       (35,615)           -              -
 Tranche two                                    -           35,615               -               -              -              -           -           35,615
 Tranche three                                  -           71,229               -               -              -              -           -           71,229
FY21 LTI Plan
 Single Issue                                   -       2,057,738                -               -    2,057,738     (2,057,738)            -              -
FY22 LTI Plan
 Single Issue                                   -         634,081                -               -              -              -           -         634,081
FY22 STI Plan
 Single Issue                              480,051             -                 -               -              -     (480,051)            -              -
FY23 LTI Plan
 Single Issue                                   -         906,699                -               -              -              -           -        906,699
FY24 LTI Plan
 Single Issue                                   -              -         1,123,592               -              -              -           -        1,123,592

                                                      Balance at start of the year                                  Balance at end of the year
                                        Vested and       Unvested           Issued      Forfeited        Vested       Exercised    Vested and       Unvested
                                        Exercisable                                                                                Exercisable
Andrew Lowe
FY18 LTI Plan
 Tranche three                               8,648             -                 -               -              -        (8,648)           -              -
FY19 LTI Plan
 Tranche two                                 8,365             -                 -               -              -        (8,365)           -              -
 Tranche three                                  -           16,733               -               -              -              -           -           16,733
FY20 LTI Plan
 Tranche one                                 6,424             -                 -               -              -        (6,424)           -              -
 Tranche two                                    -           6,424                -               -              -              -           -           6,424
 Tranche three                                  -           12,847               -               -              -              -           -           12,847
FY21 LTI Plan                                                                                                                                             -
 Single Issue                                   -          603,119               -               -       603,119       (603,119)           -              -
FY22 LTI Plan                                                                                                                                             -
 Single Issue                                   -         200,307                -               -              -              -           -        200,307
FY22 STI Plan                                                                                                                                             -
 Single Issue                               151,649            -                 -               -              -      (151,649)           -              -
FY23 LTI Plan                                                                                                                                             -
 Single Issue                                   -          195,411               -               -              -              -           -          195,411
FY24 LTI Plan                                                                                                                                             -
 Single Issue                                   -              -           241,871               -              -              -           -          241,871
Total                                      745,760      4,795,213      1,365,463             -       2,660,857       (3,406,617)           -       3,499,819
 *Share rights granted to Daniel Bracken during the reporting period were approved by shareholders at the Company's 2023 AGM as required by ASX Listing Rule
 10.14.
 SHAREHOLDINGS

 The number of ordinary shares held during the financial year by KMP is set out below:

                                                         Balance at    Received on exercise of            Other changes                   Balance at
                                                   start of the year                    rights                                        end of the year
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                      Number                   Number                    Number                       Number
 Emma Hill*                                              167,487,526                        -                          -                167,487,526
 Sir Richard (Michael) Hill*                         148,330,600                            -                          -               148,330,600
 Gary Smith                                                  80,000                         -                    22,000                     102,000
 Robert Fyfe                                               1,953,578                        -                          -                   1,953,578
 David Whittle                                                  -                           -                     70,431                      70,431
 Jacqueline Naylor                                          160,000                         -                  (160,000)                         -
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
 Daniel Bracken                                             201,869                 2,628,412                      15,412                 2,845,693
NON-DIRECTOR
 Andrew Lowe                                                  17,015                  778,205                          -                    795,220
 *Includes common shareholding due to a related party.


 VOTING OF SHAREHOLDERS AT LAST YEAR'S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

 The Company received 99.08% of “For” votes on its remuneration report for FY23. The Company also obtained approval to increase the Non-
 Executive Director remuneration pool from $840,000 to $1,200.000 at the 2023 AGM. 77.73% of shareholders voted “For” this resolution. The
 Company did not otherwise receive any specific feedback at the AGM or throughout the year on its remuneration practices.

 INSURANCE OF OFFICERS AND INDEMNITIES

 The Company’s Constitution provides that it may indemnify any person who is, or has been, an officer of the Group, including the directors, the
 Secretaries and other officers, against liabilities incurred whilst acting as such officers to the extent permitted by law. The Company has entered
 into a Deed of Indemnity, Insurance and Access with each of the Company’s directors, Company Secretaries and certain other officers. No
 director or officer of the Company has received benefits under an indemnity from the Company during or since the end of the year.
 The Company has paid a premium for insurance for officers of the Group. This insurance is against a liability for costs and expenses incurred by
 officers in defending civil or criminal proceedings involving them as such officers, with some exceptions. The contract of insurance prohibits
 disclosure of the nature of the liability insured against and the amount of the premium paid.
 To the extent permitted by law, the Company has agreed to indemnify its auditor, Ernst & Young, as part of the terms of its audit engagement
 agreement against claims by third parties arising from the audit (for an unspecified amount). No payment has been made to indemnify Ernst &
 Young during or since the financial year.

 NON-AUDIT SERVICES

 There were no non-audit services provided by the entity's auditor, Ernst & Young (Australia).

 AUDITOR'S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION

 A copy of the auditor's independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) is included in this report.
ROUNDING OF AMOUNTS

The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Legislative Instrument 2016/191, relating to the 'rounding off' of amounts in the Directors' Report.
Amounts in the Directors' Report have been rounded off in accordance with the instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or in certain cases, to
the nearest dollar.
This report is made on 30 August 2024 in accordance with a resolution of directors as required by section 298 of the Corporations Act 2001.




R I Fyfe
Chair
Brisbane
30 August 2024
                                            Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 7 3011 3333
                                            111 Eagle Street                      Fax: +61 7 3011 3100
                                            Brisbane QLD 4000 Australia           ey.com/au
                                            GPO Box 7878 Brisbane QLD 4001




Auditor’s independence declaration to the directors of
Michael Hill International Limited
As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of Michael Hill International Limited for the
financial year ended 30 June 2024, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

a.    No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
      relation to the audit;

b.    No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit; and

c.    No non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
      relation to the audit.

This declaration is in respect of Michael Hill International Limited and the entities it controlled during
the financial year.




Ernst & Young




Kellie McKenzie
Partner
30 August 2024




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                       NOTES                2024               2023
                                                                                                                           $'000           $'000
Revenue from contracts with customers                                                                     A2            644,929         629,562
Other income                                                                                              A3               2,856           2,256
Cost of goods sold                                                                                                      (254,011)       (225,122)
Employee benefits expense                                                                                 D1            (182,670)       (168,357)
Occupancy costs                                                                                                          (13,468)         (9,928)
Marketing expenses                                                                                                       (42,052)        (44,152)
Selling expenses                                                                                                         (22,330)        (20,871)
Impairment reversal of property, plant and equipment and other assets                                                        265           2,244
Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                     F1             (68,013)        (57,724)
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                                           (413)              (116)
Administrative expenses                                                                                                  (26,847)        (25,533)
Other expenses                                                                                                           (23,700)        (22,581)
Finance expenses                                                                                          F1             (14,914)         (9,931)
Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                                                             (368)        49,747
Income tax expense                                                                                        F8                 (111)       (14,565)
Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                                                  (479)         35,182


                                                                                                       NOTES                2024               2023
Other comprehensive income                                                                                                 $'000           $'000
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
  Currency translation differences arising during the year                                                                 (1,228)        (2,554)
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                                                        (1,228)        (2,554)
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                                            (1,707)        32,628
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year is attributable to:
  Owners of Michael Hill International Limited                                                                            (1,707)        32,628


Earnings per share for profit/(loss) attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the                NOTES                2024               2023
Company:                                                                                                                    cents              cents
Basic earnings per share                                                                                  F2                (0.12)             9.20
Diluted earnings per share                                                                                F2                (0.12)             9.00
The above Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
POSITION
                                                                                                            NOTES      2024       2023
                                                                                                                      $'000      $'000
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                      B1    20,174     20,867
Trade and other receivables                                                                                    F3    14,803     14,533
Inventories                                                                                                    A4   195,785    203,260
Current tax receivables                                                                                                704        689
Contract assets                                                                                                A2       557        452
Other current assets                                                                                                  7,576      5,061
Total current assets                                                                                                239,599    244,862
Non-current assets
Trade and other receivables                                                                                    F3      990         995
Right-of-use assets                                                                                            A5   133,988    139,052
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                  F4    59,707     57,806
Intangible assets                                                                                              F5    57,803     53,910
Deferred tax assets                                                                                            F8    52,507     49,118
Contract assets                                                                                                A2       251        371
Other non-current assets                                                                                               399         374
Total non-current assets                                                                                            305,645    301,626
Total assets                                                                                                        545,244    546,488


LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                                       F6    68,135     71,202
Lease liabilities                                                                                              A5    40,278     41,075
Contract liabilities                                                                                           A2    19,616     20,685
Provisions                                                                                                     F7     13,114    13,245
Current tax liabilities                                                                                                 812      6,768
Deferred revenue                                                                                                       236         212
Deferred consideration                                                                                                2,851       1,814
Total current liabilities                                                                                           145,042    155,001
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                                                              A5   114,303     117,518
Contract liabilities                                                                                           A2    52,955     59,418
Borrowings                                                                                                     B2    58,900     12,500
Provisions                                                                                                     F7     7,163     10,879
Deferred consideration                                                                                                     -     2,557
Total non-current liabilities                                                                                       233,321    202,872
Total liabilities                                                                                                   378,363    357,873
Net assets                                                                                                          166,881    188,615


EQUITY
Contributed equity                                                                                            F10    12,763      11,112
Reserves                                                                                                               (102)     2,609
Retained profits                                                                                                    154,220    174,894
Total equity                                                                                                        166,881    188,615
The above Consolidated Statement of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                               NOTES           CONTRIBUTED     SHARE BASED         FOREIGN     RETAINED      TOTAL
                                                                                                                    EQUITY       PAYMENTS        CURRENCY       PROFITS     EQUITY
                                                                                                                                   RESERVE     TRANSLATION
Attributable to owners of                                                                                                                          RESERVE
Michael Hill International Limited                                                                                   $'000           $'000            $'000        $'000
Balance at 26 June 2022                                                                                              11,388            767            2,602      180,338    195,095
Profit for the year                                                                                                       -               -               -       35,182     35,182
Currency translation differences                                                                                          -               -         (2,554)            -     (2,554)
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                   -               -         (2,554)       35,182     32,628
Transactions with members in their capacity as owners:
Dividends paid/provided                                                                          B3                       -               -               -      (30,719)   (30,719)
Issue of share capital on exercise of share rights                                                                       24            (24)               -            -          -
Share-based payments expense                                                                     D3                       -           1,818               -            -       1,818
Share buy-back                                                                                   F10                  (300)               -               -      (9,907)    (10,207)
                                                                                                                      (276)           1,794               -     (40,626)    (39,108)


Balance at 2 July 2023                                                                                                11,112          2,561              48      174,894    188,615
Loss for the year                                                                                                         -               -               -        (479)       (479)
Currency translation differences                                                                                          -               -          (1,228)           -     (1,228)
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                                            -               -          (1,228)       (479)     (1,707)
Transactions with members in their capacity as owners:
Dividends paid/provided                                                                          B3                       -               -               -      (20,195)   (20,195)
Issue of share capital on exercise of share rights                                                                    1,651          (1,651)              -            -          -
Share-based payments expense                                                                     D3                       -             168               -            -        168
                                                                                                                      1,651         (1,483)               -     (20,195)    (20,027)
Balance at 30 June 2024                                                                                              12,763           1,078          (1,180)     154,220    166,881
The above Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                            NOTES       2024        2023
                                                                                                                       $'000        $'000
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Receipts from customers (inclusive of GST and sales taxes)                                                          720,045      693,744
Payments to suppliers and employees (inclusive of GST and sales taxes)                                              (624,642)    (571,361)
                                                                                                                     95,403      122,383
Interest received                                                                                                        318         792
Other revenue received                                                                                                 1,674       1,460
Interest paid                                                                                                         (3,641)       (919)
Leasing interest paid                                                                                        A5      (10,640)      (8,791)
Income tax paid                                                                                                       (11,912)    (6,728)
Net GST and sales taxes paid                                                                                         (33,429)    (28,125)
Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                    B1       37,773      80,072


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                                       10           61
Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                                   F4      (21,099)    (26,479)
Payments for intangible assets                                                                               F5       (6,510)     (7,790)
Acquisition of business                                                                                      G1         (250)     (48,113)
Net cash (outflow) from investing activities                                                                         (27,849)    (82,321)


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                                     B2      124,500      21,500
Repayment of borrowings                                                                                      B2      (65,600)     (9,000)
Principal portion of lease payments                                                                          A5      (49,240)    (45,098)
Dividends paid to Company's shareholders                                                                     B3      (20,195)    (30,719)
Share buyback / share options exercised                                                                      F10            -    (10,207)
Net cash (outflow) from financing activities                                                                         (10,535)    (73,524)


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                               (611)    (75,773)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year                                                      20,867      95,844
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                            (82)        796
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year                                                   B1       20,174      20,867
The above Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     CORPORATE INFORMATION              34   F     OTHER INFORMATION                                   48
                                             F1    Expenses                                            48
A    FINANCIAL OVERVIEW                 34   F2    Earnings per share                                  48
A1   Segment information                34   F3    Trade and other receivables                         49
A2   Revenue                            35   F4    Property, plant and equipment                       52
A3   Other income                       37   F5    Intangible assets                                   51
A4   Inventories                        37   F6    Trade and other payables                            52
A5   Leases                             37   F7    Provisions                                          52
                                             F8    Tax                                                 53
B    CASH MANAGEMENT                    39   F9    Auditors' remuneration                              54
B1   Cash and cash equivalents          39   F10 Contributed equity                                    54
B2   Borrowings                         39   F11   Reserves                                            55
B3   Dividends                          39
                                             G     BUSINESS COMBINATION                                56
C    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT          41   G1    Current year acquisitions                           56
C1   Financial risk management          41   G2    Prior year acquisitions                             56
C2   Derivative financial instruments   44
C3   Capital management                 44   H     GROUP STRUCTURE                                     58
                                             H1    Interests in other entities                         58
D    REWARD AND RECOGNITION             45   H2    Deed of cross guarantee                             58
D1   Employee benefits                  45   H3    Parent entity financial information                 61
D2   Key management personnel           45
D3   Share-based payments               45   I     UNRECOGNISED ITEMS                                  62
                                             I1    Contingencies and commitments                       62
E    RELATED PARTIES                    47   I2    Events occurring after the end of the reporting     62
                                                   period


                                             J     SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND                  63
                                                   SIGNIFICANT ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
                                             J1    Summary of material accounting policy information   63
                                             J2    Significant estimates and judgements                70
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CORPORATE INFORMATION
    The consolidated financial statements of Michael Hill International Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group) for the year ended 30 June
    2024 were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the directors on 30 August 2024. Michael Hill International Limited (the Company
    or Parent) is a for profit company limited by shares incorporated in Australia. The Company is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange ('ASX') as
    its primary listing, and maintains a secondary listing on the New Zealand Stock Exchange ('NZX').

A        FINANCIAL OVERVIEW

A1 Segment information
A2 Revenue
A3 Other income
A4 Inventories
A5 Leases

A1       SEGMENT INFORMATION
    Management have determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the Board and Executive Management team (chief
    operating decision makers (CODM)) that are used to make strategic decisions. The Board and Executive Management team consider, organise and
    manage the business primarily from a geographic perspective, being the country of origin where the sale and service was performed.
    The amounts provided to the Board and Executive Management team in respect of total assets and liabilities are measured in a manner consistent
    with the financial statements. These reports do not allocate total assets or total liabilities based on the operations of each segment or by
    geographical location.
    The Group's operations are in three geographical segments: Australia, New Zealand and Canada.
    The Corporate and other segment includes revenue and expenses that do not relate directly to the relevant Michael Hill Group retail segments.
    These predominately relate to refining income, head office staff sales, corporate costs and Australian based support costs, but also include
    manufacturing activities, warehouse and distribution, interest and company tax. Inter-segment pricing is at arm's length or market value and inter-
    segment revenue is eliminated on consolidation.
    The segment disclosures are prepared excluding the impact of AASB16 Leases and IFRIC SaaS guidance. An adjustment column representing
    these entries has been included for the purposes of reconciliation to statutory results.

TYPES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

    Michael Hill International Limited and its controlled entities operate predominately in the sale of jewellery and related services.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS
    Michael Hill International Limited and its controlled entities sell goods and provide services to a number of customers from which revenue is
    derived. There is no single customer from which the Group derives more than 10% of total consolidated revenue.
SEGMENT RESULTS
                                                   Australia    New Zealand             Canada       Corporate &        Group pre-       Adjustments             Group
                                                                                                           other       adjustments
Year ended 30 June 2024                               $'000             $'000             $'000             $'000             $'000              $'000            $'000
Operating revenue                                  359,102           106,283           176,669              2,875          644,929                     -      644,929
Gross profit                                       217,074            63,386            107,115             3,343          390,918                     -       390,918
Gross margin                                          60.4%             59.6%             60.6%                               60.6%                              60.6%
EBITDA*                                              41,726            17,224            28,811          (52,596)            35,165            47,076           82,241
Depreciation and amortisation                       (12,515)           (3,715)           (7,772)           (2,599)          (26,601)           (41,412)        (68,013)
Segment EBIT*                                        29,211            13,509            21,039           (55,195)            8,564              5,664          14,228
EBIT as a % of revenue                                  8.1%             12.7%             11.9%                                1.3%                               2.2%
Interest income                                            4                  -                 -             314               318                    -            318
Finance costs                                          (233)              (27)                  -          (4,014)           (4,274)          (10,640)          (14,914)
Net profit/(loss) before tax                        28,982             13,482            21,039          (58,895)            4,608             (4,976)            (368)
Income tax expense                                                                                                                                                  (111)
Net loss after tax                                                                                                                                                (479)

                                                   Australia    New Zealand             Canada       Corporate &        Group pre-       Adjustments             Group
                                                                                                           other       adjustments
Year ended 2 July 2023                                $'000             $'000             $'000             $'000             $'000              $'000            $'000
Operating revenue                                  331,007            121,470          176,442                643          629,562                    -        629,562
Gross profit                                        211,823            75,193           111,629             5,795         404,440                     -       404,440
Gross margin                                          64.0%             61.9%             63.3%                               64.2%                              64.2%
EBITDA*                                             63,774            26,842            36,753            (48,701)          78,668             37,939          116,607
Depreciation and amortisation                       (10,242)           (3,292)           (6,742)           (2,197)         (22,473)            (35,251)        (57,724)
Segment EBIT*                                       53,532            23,550             30,011          (50,898)            56,195             2,688           58,883
EBIT as a % of revenue                                16.2%             19.4%             17.0%                                8.9%                                9.4%
Interest income                                            3                 -                 -              792               795                   -             795
Finance costs                                          (155)                (3)                 -            (982)            (1,140)           (8,791)          (9,931)
Net profit/(loss) before tax                        53,380            23,547             30,011          (51,089)           55,850              (6,103)         49,747
Income tax expense                                                                                                                                             (14,565)
Net profit after tax                                                                                                                                            35,182
*EBIT and EBITDA are non-IFRS information. Please refer to non-IFRS information in the Directors' Report for an explanation of non-IFRS information and a reconciliation
of EBIT to statutory results.

A2      REVENUE

                                                                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                                                                                 $'000            $'000
Revenue from sale of goods and repair services                                                                                                609,337          595,105
Revenue from Professional Care Plans (PCP)                                                                                                     32,700           32,905
Interest and other revenue from in-house customer finance program                                                                                 1,216            590
Revenue from Lifetime Diamond Warranty (LTDW)                                                                                                    1,676              962
Total revenue from contracts with customers                                                                                                  644,929          629,562

DISAGGREGATION OF REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
The Group derives revenue from the transfer of goods and services over time and at a point in time in the following geographical regions:

                                                                                      Australia     New Zealand             Canada        Corporate &              Total
2024                                                                                                                                            other
Timing of revenue recognition                                                             $'000             $'000             $'000              $'000            $'000
At a point in time                                                                     339,948            100,167          166,057               3,165         609,337
Over time                                                                                18,824              6,116           10,612                 40          35,592
                                                                                       358,772           106,283           176,669               3,205        644,929
                                                                                 Australia   New Zealand          Canada      Corporate &            Total
2023                                                                                                                                other
Timing of revenue recognition                                                       $'000           $'000           $'000          $'000            $'000
At a point in time                                                                311,884         114,588        168,248              385         595,105
Over time                                                                          19,123           6,882           8,194             258          34,457
                                                                                 331,007          121,470        176,442              643        629,562

ASSETS AND LIABILITIES RELATED TO CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
                                                                                                                                     2024            2023
                                                                                                                                     $'000          $'000
Right of return assets                                                                                                                426                257
Deferred PCP bonuses                                                                                                                  382                566
Total contract assets                                                                                                                 808                823


Deferred service revenue - PCP                                                                                                      66,041        73,860
Deferred service revenue - Lifetime Diamond Warranty                                                                                 5,652          5,664
Rights of return liabilities                                                                                                          878                579
Total contract liabilities                                                                                                          72,571         80,103

REVENUE RECOGNISED IN RELATION TO CONTRACT LIABILITIES
      The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting year relates to carried-forward contract liabilities and how
      much relates to performance obligations that were satisfied or partially satisfied in a prior year:

                                                                                                                                     2024            2023
                                                                                                                                     $'000          $'000
Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the year                                 23,371         22,075
Impact on revenue recognised relating to performance obligations satisfied in previous years                                         4,317          2,319

Revenue recognition patterns are regularly reassessed based on new and historical trends resulting in remeasurement of revenue recognised in
previous years.

ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND SIGNIFICANT ESTIMATES

(i)     Sale of goods
Sales of goods are recognised when a Group entity delivers a product to the customer. Retail sales are usually by cash, payment and instalment plans
or debit and credit cards. The recorded revenue is the gross amount of sale (excluding taxes), including any fees payable for the transaction and net
amounts deferred under AASB15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers such as significant financing components and potential customer returns.
(ii)    Repair services
Sales of services for repair work performed is recognised in the accounting period in which the services are performed.
(iii) Deferred service revenue and expenses
The Group offers a PCP product which is considered deferred revenue until such time that service has been provided. A PCP is a plan under which the
Group offers future services, such as cleaning, repairs and resizing, to customers based on the type of plan purchased. The Group subsequently
recognises the income in revenue in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income once these services are
performed. An estimate based on the timing and quantum of expected services under the plans is used as a basis to establish the amount of service
revenue to recognise in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Comprehensive Income.
Direct and incremental sales staff bonuses associated with the sale of PCPs are capitalised in contract assets and amortised in proportion to the PCP
revenue recognised.
(iv) Deferred interest revenue
Interest revenue is deferred on the in-house customer finance program when the sale of the good or service occurs. It is calculated as the difference
between the nominal cash and cash equivalents received from customers and the discounted cashflows, on both interest and non-interest bearing
products. Interest revenue is brought to account over the term of the finance agreement, and the rate used for non-interest bearing products is in line
with current, comparable market rates.
(v)     Right of return assets and liabilities
Rights of return recognises the estimated returned sales under the Group's return policy, being 30 days for all countries.
Management estimates the returned sales based on historical sale return information and any recent trends that may suggest future claims could
differ from historical amounts. For sales that are expected to be returned, the Group recognises a right of return liability. The associated inventory
value for sales that are expected to be returned is recognised as a right of return asset.
(vi) Lifetime Diamond Warranty
LTDW is a warranty provided to customers with the purchase of jewellery items set with a diamond (excluding watches). This has been deemed a
service-type warranty and is calculated with reference to the estimated value of service provided to customers and the stand-alone value of
customers obtaining the service independently. Income in relation to the LTDW is recognised in line with the estimated pattern of customers utilising
this service-type warranty.

A3     OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                                                  2024           2023
                                                                                                                                  $'000          $'000
Net foreign exchange gains                                                                                                         863                  -
Interest received                                                                                                                   318           792
Other items                                                                                                                       1,675          1,464
                                                                                                                                 2,856           2,256

Net foreign exchange gains of $863,000 (2023: net foreign exchange losses of $1,570,000).

A4     INVENTORIES
                                                                                                                                  2024           2023
                                                                                                                                  $'000          $'000
Raw materials                                                                                                                    4,224           9,547
Finished goods                                                                                                                 183,908        185,602
Packaging and other consumables                                                                                                   7,653           8,111
                                                                                                                               195,785        203,260

Finished goods are held at the lower of cost and net realisable value (NRV). During the year, finished goods incurred a write-down of $1,106,000 (2023:
$805,000) to be carried at NRV. This is recognised in cost of goods sold.

A5     LEASES
                                                                                                                                  2024           2023
RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS                                                                                                               $'000          $'000
Right-of-use assets                                                                                                            336,399        296,237
Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                                                                 (202,411)     (156,575)
Less: Accumulated impairment                                                                                                           -          (610)
                                                                                                                               133,988        139,052

                                                                                                            NOTES                 2024           2023
RECONCILIATION OF RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS                                                                                             $'000          $'000
Opening carrying value                                                                                                         139,052        107,385
Additional right-of-use assets relating to leases entered into during the year                                                  33,582         58,683
Lease modifications agreed during the year                                                                                      12,042         14,486
Depreciation expense                                                                                          F1               (49,646)        (42,211)
Impairment of right-of-use assets                                                                                                      -           (54)
Foreign currency translation                                                                                                     (1,042)          763
Closing carrying value                                                                                                         133,988        139,052

                                                                                                                                  2024           2023
LEASE LIABILITIES                                                                                                                 $'000          $'000
Current                                                                                                                         40,278          41,075
Non-current                                                                                                                     114,303        117,518
                                                                                                                                154,581       158,593
                                                                                                               NOTES                   2024           2023
                                                                                                                                       $'000         $'000
Opening carrying value                                                                                                              158,593        129,569
Additional lease liabilities entered into during the year                                                                            35,247         58,697
Lease modifications agreed during the year                                                                                            11,400        14,446
Interest expense                                                                                                  F1                 10,640          8,791
Lease repayments                                                                                                                    (59,880)       (53,889)
Foreign currency translation                                                                                                          (1,419)          979
Closing carrying value                                                                                                               154,581       158,593
The incremental borrowing rate used in determining the lease liability ranged between 2.13% and 10.06% (2023: 1.44% and 10.06%).

ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND SIGNIFICANT JUDGEMENTS
  The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an
  identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

Group as a lessee

  The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets which
  are recognised in the profit or loss. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to
  use the underlying assets.

Right-of-use assets

  The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-
  use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.
  The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before
  the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

  The right-of-use assets are also subject to impairment. Refer to the accounting policies in note J1(F).
  If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option,
  depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

Lease liabilities

  At commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be made over the
  lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease
  payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include
  the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the
  lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised
  as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.
  In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date because the
  interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the
  accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a
  modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payment (e.g., changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate
  used to determine such lease payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.
  The Group has several lease contracts that include extension options. These options are negotiated by management to provide flexibility in
  managing the leased-asset portfolio and align with the Group’s business needs. Management exercises significant judgement in determining
  whether these extension options are reasonably certain to be exercised (refer to note J1).
  Set out below are the undiscounted potential future rental payments relating to the period following the exercise date of extension options that are
  not included in the lease term:

                                                                                                    2024                                              2023
                                                             Within five More than five             Total      Within five     More than five         Total
                                                                  years          years                              years              years
                                                                 $'000           $'000              $'000          $'000               $'000         $'000
Extension options expected not to be exercised                         -                -               -              1,058            144          1,202

  Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
  The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and equipment (i.e., those leases that have a
  lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets
  recognition exemption to leases of office equipment that are considered to be low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-
  value assets are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
B        CASH MANAGEMENT

B1 Cash and cash equivalents
B2 Borrowings
B3 Dividends

B1       CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                                                                      2024            2023
                                                                                                                                      $'000          $'000
Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                                            20,174         20,867

RECONCILIATION OF PROFIT AFTER INCOME TAX TO NET CASH INFLOW FROM OPERATING                                      NOTES                2024            2023
ACTIVITIES                                                                                                                            $'000          $'000
Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                                                            (479)         35,182
Adjustment for:
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                                F4               14,335          12,632
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                          A5               49,646          42,211
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                            F5                4,032           2,881
      Impairment of property, plant and equipment                                                                  F4                     -         (2,293)
      Impairment of other assets                                                                                                          -             49
      Non-cash employee benefits expense - share-based payments                                                    D3                   168          1,818
      Make good interest                                                                                                               288            220
      Net loss on sale of non-current assets                                                                                            413            116
      Net exchange differences                                                                                                          981        (2,508)
Change in operating assets and liabilities
      (Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                                                                               (147)       (8,446)
      (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                                                             7,349          (2,772)
      (Increase)/decrease in deferred tax assets                                                                                    (3,388)          9,433
      (Increase)/decrease in other non-current assets                                                                                   98             137
      (Increase)/decrease in other current assets                                                                                    (2,616)         1,249
      (Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables                                                                               (14,321)       (15,839)
      (Decrease)/increase in current tax liabilities                                                                                (5,972)          4,931
      (Decrease)/increase in provisions                                                                                             (5,067)         5,080
      (Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities                                                                                   (7,547)        (4,009)
Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                                           37,773         80,072

B2       BORROWINGS
                                                                                                       2024                                           2023
                                                                     Current           Non-            Total        Current           Non-            Total
                                                                                     current                                        current
                                                                       $'000           $'000          $'000           $'000           $'000          $'000
Bank loans                                                                  -        58,900         58,900                 -        12,500          12,500
Total secured borrowings                                                    -       58,900          58,900                 -        12,500         12,500

    In 2023, the Group extended its financing agreement with ANZ Banking Group and HSBC Australia for an availability period of three years,
    maturing on the 31 August 2026. The financial arrangement includes a $92 million multi-option borrowing facility and ancillary working capital
    facilities in line with the business requirements of the Group. At balance date, $58.9m was drawn on these facilities. Refer to note C3 for details of
    covenants relating to the financing facilities.

B3       DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                                                      2024            2023
Ordinary shares                                                                                                                       $'000          $'000
Final dividend for the year ended 2 July 2023 of 3.5 cents (2022: 4.0 cents) per fully paid share paid on 22 September
                                                                                                                                    13,289          15,531
2023 (2022: 23 September 2022)
Interim dividend for the year ended 30 June 2024 of 1.75 cents (2023: 4.0 cents) per fully paid share paid on 22 March
                                                                                                                                     6,906          15,188
2024 (2023: 24 March 2023)
                                                                                                                                    20,195          30,719
                                                                                                                                   2024            2023
Dividends not recognised at the end of the reporting period                                                                        $'000          $'000
No final dividend was declared with respect to the year ended 30 June 2024 (2 July 2023: AU 3.5 cents)                                  -        13,289

                                                                                                                                   2024            2023
Franking and imputation credits                                                                                                    $'000          $'000
Franking credits available for subsequent reporting periods based on a tax rate of 30.0% (2023: 30.0%)                            9,822           2,812
Imputation credits (NZ$) available for subsequent reporting periods based on New Zealand tax rate of 28.0% (2023:
                                                                                                                                   2,775          2,196
28.0%)

  The dividends paid during the current financial period were not fully imputed and not franked. The dividends paid in the previous financial period
  were fully imputed and not franked.
  The franking credit amounts represent the balance of the franking account as at the end of the financial year, adjusted for franking credits that will
  arise from the payment and refund of income tax payable.
  The above imputation credit amounts represent the balance of the imputation account as at the end of the financial year, adjusted for imputation
  credits that will arise from the payment and refund of income tax payable.
  No dividend was recommended by the Directors since year end.
C          FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

C1 Financial risk management
C2 Derivative financial instruments
C3 Capital management

C1         FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
    The Group's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and
    liquidity risk. The Group's overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential
    adverse effects on the financial performance of the Group. The Group seeks to use derivative financial instruments such as foreign exchange
    contracts and interest rate swaps to hedge certain risk exposures as required by its treasury policy. Derivatives are exclusively used for hedging
    purposes, i.e. not as trading or other speculative instruments. The Group may use different methods to measure different types of risk to which it is
    exposed. These methods include sensitivity analysis in the case of interest rate and foreign exchange risks and ageing analysis for credit risk.

    Risk                   Exposure arising from                        Measurement                                     Management
    Market risk
    - foreign exchange     Future commercial transactions               Cash flow forecasting and sensitivity           Forward exchange contracts (FEC)
                           Recognised financial assets and              analysis
                           liabilities not denominated in AUD
    - interest rate        Long-term borrowings at variable rates Sensitivity analysis                                  Interest rate swaps

    - input prices         Components of finished goods                 Sensitivity analysis                            End product pricing flexibility
    Credit risk            Cash and cash equivalents and trade          Ageing analysis                                 Diversification of bank deposits, credit
                           receivables                                                                                  limits and letters of credit
    Liquidity risk         Borrowings and other liabilities             Rolling cash flow forecasts                     Availability of committed credit lines and
                                                                                                                        borrowing facilities

    The Group's overall risk management program includes a focus on financial risk including the unpredictability of financial markets and foreign
    exchange risk.
    The policies are overseen by the Board and executed by management who undertake regular reviews to enable prompt identification of financial
    risks so that appropriate actions may be taken.

MARKET RISK
    Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities that are denominated in a currency that is not
    the entity’s functional currency and net investments in foreign operations.
    The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures, including the purchase of
    inventory. Where it is considered appropriate, the Group enters into forward foreign exchange contracts to buy specified amounts of various foreign
    currencies in the future at a pre-determined exchange rate.

Exposure

    The Group's exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting year, expressed in the presentation currency, was as follows:

                                                                                               2024                                                           2023
                                                 USD             NZD             CAD            EUR              USD             NZD            CAD            EUR
                                                $'000           $'000           $'000          $'000            $'000           $'000          $'000         $'000
Cash and cash equivalents                        529                -               5                 -          520                 -              1             20
Trade receivables                                   6             38              83             27              (54)               4             67              89
Trade payables                                (7,229)            (84)            (89)          (359)       (12,825)                 -            (33)       (1,288)
Forward exchange contracts:
Buy foreign currency                                -               -               -                 -         8,163               -               -                -
Sell foreign currency                               -               -               -                 -             -               -               -                -
Net foreign currency exposure                 (6,694)            (46)              (1)         (332)        (4,196)                 4             35         (1,179)
Sensitivity

  The following table summarises the sensitivity of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities to foreign currency risk. The foreign exchange
  sensitivities are based on the Group's exposure existing at balance date. Sensitivity figures are pre-tax.

                                                                                                       Impact on pre-tax profit              Impact on other
                                                                                                                                         components of equity
                                                                                                           2024            2023            2024           2023
Foreign exchange rate sensitivities                                                                        $'000          $'000           $'000          $'000
AUD increases 10%                                                                                           643             485                -                -
AUD decreases 10%                                                                                          (786)           (593)               -                -

INTEREST RATE RISK
  The Group's main interest rate risk arises from long-term borrowings and cash. Borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow
  interest rate risk. Borrowings issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk. Group policy is to maintain fixed interest cover of
  core debt in line with the Group's treasury policy. As the Group has a working capital facility, no core debt (corporate long term debt) was identified.
  To manage variable interest rate borrowings risk, the Group may enter into interest rate swaps in which the Group agrees to exchange, at specified
  intervals, the difference between fixed and variable rate interest amounts calculated by reference to an agreed-upon notional principal amount. At 30
  June 2024, the Group had no core debt and there were no swaps in place (2023: no swaps in place).
  The interest rate derivatives require settlement of net interest receivable or payable each 30 days and are settled on a net basis.
  The exposure of the Group’s borrowings to interest rate changes at the end of the reporting year are as follows:

                                                                                                           2024        % of total          2023       % of total
                                                                                                           $'000          loans           $'000          loans
Variable rate borrowings                                                                                 58,900            100%          12,500           100%
                                                                                                         58,900            100%          12,500          100%

An analysis by maturities is provided below. The percentage of total loans shows the proportion of loans that are currently at variable rates in relation to
the total amount of borrowing.
The details of the variable rate borrowings outstanding are outlined below.

                                                                                                                    30 June 2024                    2 July 2023
                                                                                                       Weighted         Balance        Weighted        Balance
                                                                                                        average                         average
                                                                                                    interest rate                   interest rate
                                                                                                               %          $'000                %         $'000
Bank overdrafts and bank loans                                                                            6.30%          58,900           6.01%         12,500
Net exposure to cash flow interest rate risk                                                                             58,900                        12,500

Sensitivity

  Profit or loss is sensitive to higher/lower interest income from cash and cash equivalents as a result of changes in interest rates. Other components of
  equity change as a result of an increase/decrease in the fair value of the cash flow hedges of borrowings. All other non-derivative financial liabilities
  have a contractual maturity of less than 6 months.

                                                                                                       Impact on pre-tax profit              Impact on other
                                                                                                                                         components of equity
                                                                                                           2024            2023            2024           2023
                                                                                                           $'000          $'000           $'000          $'000
Interest rates - increase by 100 basis points                                                              (387)             84                -                -
Interest rates - decrease by 100 basis points                                                               387             (84)               -                -
CREDIT RISK
  Credit risk is managed on a Group basis and refers to the risk of a counterparty failing to discharge an obligation. In the normal course of business, the
  Group incurs credit risk from trade receivables and transactions with financial institutions. The Group places its cash and short term deposits with
  only high credit quality financial institutions. Sales to retail customers are required to be settled via cash, major credit cards or passed onto various
  credit providers in each country.

  At the reporting date, no material credit risk exposure existed in relation to potential counterparty failure on financial instruments. The Group
  provides interest-free consumer credit in Canada as a secondary product and the credit risk exposure which exists against this financial instrument is
  detailed in note F3. Other than the loss allowance recognised in trade and other receivables in note F3, no financial assets were impaired or past due.
  The maximum exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting year is the carrying amount of each class of financial assets disclosed in note F3.


LIQUIDITY RISK
  The Group maintains prudent liquidity risk management with sufficient cash and the availability of funding through an adequate amount of committed
  credit facilities.

Financing arrangements

  The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to ensure sufficient liquidity to support its financial obligations and execute the Group's
  operational and strategic plans. The Group continually assesses its capital structure and makes adjustments to it with reference to changes in
  economic conditions and risk characteristics associated with its underlying assets.
  The Group had access to an overdraft facility, as well as a $90m working capital facility which increases by $40 million for the four-month period from
  15 September 2024 to support seasonal working capital requirements for Christmas trade. The following were undrawn from these facilities at the
  end of the reporting year:

                                                                                                                                       2024           2023
Floating rate                                                                                                                          $'000         $'000
- Expiring beyond one year (bank overdrafts)                                                                                          2,000           1,914
- Expiring beyond one year (bank loans)                                                                                               31,100        77,500
                                                                                                                                     33,100         79,414

The maturity date of the financing facilities provided to the Group by both Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited and The Hongkong and
Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Sydney Branch is 31 August 2026.

Maturities of financial liabilities

  The tables below analyse the Group's financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on their contractual maturities for:
  • all non-derivative financial liabilities, and
  • net and gross settled derivative financial instruments for which the contractual maturities are essential for an understanding of the timing of the
    cash flows.
  The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their carrying balances as the
  impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                                     Less than 6 6-12 months        Between 1      Between 2 Over 5 years             Total
                                                                        months                     and 2 years    and 5 years                   contractual
Contractual maturities of financial liabilities                                                                                                   cash flow
At 30 June 2024                                                            $'000          $'000          $'000          $'000          $'000          $'000
Non-derivatives
Lease liabilities                                                        24,939         22,942         36,140         54,198          17,343       155,563
Trade payables                                                           68,135                -              -              -              -       68,135
Borrowings                                                                      -              -              -       58,900                -       58,900
Total non-derivatives                                                    93,074         22,942         36,140        113,098          17,343      282,598

  The Group did not hold any derivatives at financial year end.

At 2 July 2023
Non-derivatives
Lease liabilities                                                        25,699         20,069         33,274         48,336          15,766       143,144
Trade payables                                                           71,202                -              -              -              -       71,202
Borrowings                                                                      -              -              -       12,500                -       12,500
Total non-derivatives                                                    96,901         20,069         33,274         60,836          15,766      226,846
Derivatives
Outward payments FECs                                                      8,011               -              -              -              -         8,011
Inward receipts FECs                                                      (8,163)              -              -              -              -        (8,163)
                                                                            (152)              -              -              -              -         (152)
C2    DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 The Group is exposed to certain risks relating to its ongoing business operations. The primary risks managed using derivative instruments are foreign
 currency risk and interest rate risk. The Group does not apply hedge accounting.

C3    CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

 The Group's objectives when managing capital are to:
 • safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders,
   and
 • maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.
 In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders,
 issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.
 There are a number of external bank covenants in place relating to debt facilities. These covenants are calculated and reported to the banks quarterly
 on a pre-AASB16 Leases basis. The principal covenants relating to capital management are the EBIT fixed cover charge ratio, consolidated debt to
 EBITDA, consolidated debt to capitalisation, and consolidated debt to inventory. There have been no breaches of these covenants for the quarters up
 to and including 30 June 2024.
  D    REWARD AND RECOGNITION

D1 Employee benefits
D2 Key management personnel
D3 Share-based payments

D1     EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
                                                                                                                                  2024              2023
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS                                                                                                                 $'000             $'000
Employee wages                                                                                                                 160,303          147,781
Employee wages on-costs and post-retirement benefits                                                                             22,199          18,758
Employee share-based payments expense                                                                                               168             1,818
                                                                                                                               182,670         168,357

D2     KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL
                                                                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                                                                                       $                $
Short-term employee benefits                                                                                                  2,577,041       2,727,413
Long-term benefits                                                                                                              33,593          32,369
Post-employment benefits                                                                                                         88,162         78,844
Share-based payments                                                                                                           182,878         368,172
                                                                                                                             2,881,674       3,206,798

D3     SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

OPTIONS
  Options are granted from time to time at the discretion of Directors to senior executives within the Group. Motions to issue options to related
  parties of Michael Hill International Limited are subject to the approval of shareholders at the Annual General Meeting in accordance with the
  Company's constitution.
  Options are granted under the plan for no consideration. Options expire ten years after granted, vest over five years, are exercisable at any time
  during the final five years and vesting is subject to remaining employed by the Group.
  Options granted under the plan carry no dividend or voting rights. When exercisable, each option is convertible into one ordinary share.

                                                                                                                   2024                             2023
                                                                                       Average exercise Number of         Average        Number of
                                                                                       price per option options           exercise price options
                                                                                                                          per option
Set out below are summaries of options granted under the plan:
Opening balance NZD options                                                                         1.70      700,000              1.70       700,000
Expired during the year                                                                             1.82      (500,000)            -                    -
Closing balance NZD options                                                                         1.40      200,000              1.70       700,000


Opening balance AUD options                                                                         1.56      300,000              1.56       300,000
Closing balance AUD options                                                                         1.56      300,000              1.56       300,000

  Options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry dates and exercise prices:

Grant date                                 Expiry date                                 Exercise price                             2024              2023
29 November 2013                           30 September 2023                           NZ$1.82                                     -          500,000
10 November 2014                           30 September 2024                           NZ$1.63                                100,000         100,000
22 January 2016                            30 September 2025                           NZ$1.14                                100,000         100,000
22 September 2016                          30 September 2026                           AU$2.12                                100,000         100,000
5 October 2017                             30 September 2027                           AU$1.44                                100,000         100,000
22 September 2018                          30 September 2028                           AU$1.11                                100,000         100,000
                                                                                                                              500,000        1,000,000

  The weighted average remaining contractual life of share options outstanding at the end of the period was 2.3 years (2023: 1.7 years).
  The exercise price will be converted to Australian dollars using the Reserve Bank of Australia exchange rate on the day the option is exercised.
SHARE RIGHTS
  The Company’s Equity Incentive Plan was approved by shareholders at the 2023 Annual General Meeting held on 14 November 2023 (Plan). The
  Plan allows the Board to issue share rights to executive directors, executives and other senior leaders eligible to participate in the Plan.
  Each share right represents a right to receive on ordinary share in the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan including
  satisfaction of certain performance metrics. An allocation of share rights is made to an eligible participant on an annual basis typically calculated as
  a percent of the value of their total fixed remuneration. 50% of a participants share rights are allocated to an earnings per share (EPS) performance
  hurdle and 50% of share rights are allocated to a total shareholder return (TSR) performance hurdle. Vesting of the share rights is subject to the
  Company achieving a minimum compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in EPS or TSR (as the case requires) over three years (Performance Period).
  Subject to the participant remaining an employee of the Group at the end of the Performance Period, the share rights vest based on the following
  vesting schedule:

EPS CAGR                                    TSR CAGR                                                             Vesting outcome
Less than 5% CAGR                           Less than 10% CAGR                          No share rights vest
Between 5% CAGR and <10% CAGR               Between 10% CAGR and <20% CAGR              EPS: 20% of share rights vest for each 1% increase in CAGR
                                                                                        TSR: 10% of share rights vest for each 1% increase in CAGR
Equal to or greater than 10% CAGR           Equal to or greater than 20% CAGR           100% of share rights vest

  During the year, the Board agreed to grant 3,138,838 share rights to eligible participants.
                                                                                                                     2024                            2023
                                                                                        Average fair          Number of    Average fair     Number of
                                                                                        value per             share rights value per        share rights
                                                                                        share right                        share right
Opening balance                                                                                        0.37    10,054,881           0.21        6,112,332
Granted                                                                                                0.45     3,138,838           0.85        4,001,391
Exercised                                                                                              0.33    (4,935,079)          0.74          (34,747)
Forfeited                                                                                              0.48      (824,387)          0.29         (24,095)
Closing balance                                                                                        0.96     7,434,253           0.37      10,054,881

  The number of share rights in each tranche is based on the prescribed dollar value for each tranche divided by the volume weighted average share
  price ('VWAP') of Michael Hill International Limited shares over ten trading days following the shares trading subsequent to the final Annual results
  announcement.
  Share rights issued during the current financial year used the Monte Carlo model to determine the fair value of share rights using the following
  inputs:

                                                                                                                                    2024             2023
Number of rights                                                                                                              3,138,838         4,001,391
Share price                                                                                                                        $0.82             $1.15
Annualised volatility                                                                                                                40%              45%
Expected dividend yield                                                                                                             9.0%             6.8%
Risk free rate                                                                                                                      4.11%           3.42%
Fair value of share right                                                                                                          $0.45            $0.85

                                                                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                                                                                   $'000            $'000
Expenses arising from share-based payment transactions                                                                               168

ACCOUNTING POLICY

Options

  The fair value was measured at grant date and is recognised over the period during which the employees become unconditionally entitled to the
  options. The fair value at grant date for options issued during prior financial years was independently determined using a Binomial option pricing
  model, which is an iterative model for options that can be exercised at times prior to expiry. The model takes into account the grant date, exercise
  price, market performance conditions, the impact of dilution, the non-tradeable nature of the option, the share price at grant date and expected
  price volatility of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate for the term of the option. It also assumes the
  options will be exercised at the mid-point of the exercise period.
  The fair value of options granted is recognised as an employee benefits expense with a corresponding increase in equity. The total amount to be
  expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:
  • including any market performance conditions (e.g. the entity’s share price)
  • excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (e.g. profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an
    employee of the entity over a specified period), and
  • including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (e.g. the requirement for employees to save or holdings shares for a specific period of time).
  The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be satisfied. At
  the end of each year, the entity revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected to vest based on the non-market vesting and
  service conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.
  Upon the exercise of options, the balance of the share-based payments reserve relating to those options is transferred to share capital.

Share rights

  Share rights are granted to eligible senior executives in accordance with the Company's deferred compensation plan ('LTI'). The fair value of rights
  granted is recognised as an employee benefit expense with a corresponding increase in equity.
  The fair value was measured at grant date using the Monte Carlo method and is recognised over the period during which the employees become
  unconditionally entitled to the rights.
  The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be satisfied. At
  the end of each year, the entity revises its estimates of the number of share rights that are expected to vest based on the non-market vesting and
  service conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.
  Upon the exercise of the share rights, the balance of the share-based payments reserve relating to those rights is transferred to share capital.

  E    RELATED PARTIES
                                                                                                                                      2024            2023
Related party transactions                                                                                                                $                   $
Contribution to Michael Hill Violin Charitable Trust                                                                                      -         37,624
F         OTHER INFORMATION

    F1 Expenses
    F2 Earnings per share
    F3 Trade and other receivables
    F4 Property, plant and equipment
    F5 Intangible assets
    F6 Trade and other payables
    F7 Provisions
    F8 Tax
    F9 Auditors' remuneration
F10 Contributed equity
F11 Reserves

F1        EXPENSES
                                                                                                         NOTES                    2024               2023
DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION                                                                                                    $'000              $'000
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment                                                              F4                   14,335             12,632
Depreciation on right-of-use assets                                                                        A5                  49,646              42,211
Total depreciation                                                                                                              63,981            54,843
Amortisation on software                                                                                   F5                    4,032              2,881
Total amortisation                                                                                                               4,032              2,881
Total depreciation and amortisation                                                                                             68,013             57,724

                                                                                                         NOTES                    2024               2023
FINANCE COSTS                                                                                                                    $'000              $'000
Interest on lease liabilities                                                                              A5                   10,640              8,791
Bank and interest charges                                                                                                        3,986               920
Interest on make good provision                                                                                                    288                220
                                                                                                                                14,914              9,931

                                                                                                                                  2024               2023
FOREIGN EXCHANGE                                                                                                                 $'000              $'000
Net foreign exchange loss                                                                                                             -             1,570

F2        EARNINGS PER SHARE

RECONCILIATION OF EARNINGS USED IN CALCULATING EARNINGS PER SHARE                                                                 2024               2023
Basic earnings per share                                                                                                         $'000              $'000
Profit/(loss) attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the Company used in calculating basic
                                                                                                                                  (479)            35,182
earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share
Profit/(loss) from continuing operations attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the                                       (479)            35,182
Company
                                                                                                                                  2024               2023
WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES USED AS THE DENOMINATOR                                                                      Number             Number
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating basic
earnings per share                                                                                                        383,793,875        382,252,063
Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
     Share rights1                                                                                                                    -        8,446,083
Weighted average number of ordinary and potential ordinary shares used as the denominator
in calculating diluted earnings per share                                                                                 383,793,875        390,698,146
1
    The weighted average share rights of 7,465,931 have been excluded from the calculation of potential ordinary shares in 2024 as they are anti-dilutive.

Options and share rights granted to employees under the Michael Hill International Limited Employee Option Plan are considered to be potential
ordinary shares and have been included in the determination of diluted earnings per share to the extent to which they are dilutive. All options
outstanding at financial year end were considered to be anti-dilutive. The options and share rights have been excluded in the determination of basic
earnings per share. Details are set out in note D3.
F3     TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                           2024                                                   2023
                                                      Current     Non-current              Total          Current       Non-current                Total
                                                        $'000             $'000            $'000            $'000              $'000              $'000
Trade receivables                                      3,778                  -           3,778             3,494                   -            3,494
Provision for expected credit loss                       (127)                -             (127)            (225)                  -             (225)
                                                        3,651                 -            3,651            3,269                   -            3,269
Canadian in-house customer finance                     5,775              1,022           6,797             5,041              1,027             6,068
Provision for expected credit loss                      (184)              (33)             (217)            (152)               (32)              (184)
                                                        5,591              989            6,580            4,889                995              5,884
Sundry debtors                                          5,561                 1           5,562             6,375                   -             6,375
                                                      14,803               990           15,793            14,533               995              15,528

Trade receivables

  Trade receivables from sales made to customers through third party credit providers are non-interest bearing and are generally on 0 - 30 day terms.

Sundry debtors

  Sundry debtors relates to supplier credits, security deposits, insurance recoveries and other sundry receivables. Based on the credit history of these
  debtors, it is expected that these amounts will be received when due and no impairment is recognised.

Effective interest rates

  All receivables are non-interest bearing except for a small portion of in-house customer finance receivables. In-house customer finance receivables
  are recognised net of significant financing components determined in accordance with AASB15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.

ECL and risk exposure

  An ECL analysis is performed at each reporting date. The maximum exposure to credit risk is the carrying value of in-house customer finance
  program and trade receivables. The Group does not hold collateral as security. The Group evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to these
  receivables as low. For further details refer to note C1.

                                                                                                                               2024               2023
Ageing of trade receivables                                                                                                    $'000              $'000
Current                                                                                                                        3,175
< 30 days past due                                                                                                              396
30 - 60 days past due                                                                                                            146
60+ days past due                                                                                                                 61
                                                                                                                               3,778             3,494

                                                                                                                               2024               2023
Movements in the provision for ECL of trade receivables are as follows:                                                        $'000              $'000
Opening balance                                                                                                                  225
Additional provisions recognised                                                                                                 127
Net amounts written off                                                                                                         (225)
Closing balance                                                                                                                  127               225

                                                                                                                               2024               2023
Ageing of Canadian in-house customer debtor finance                                                                            $'000              $'000
Current, aged 0 - 30 days                                                                                                     6,083
Past due, aged 31 - 90 days                                                                                                     368
Past due, aged more than 90 days                                                                                                346
                                                                                                                               6,797             6,068

                                                                                                                               2024               2023
Movements in the provision for ECL of Canadian in-house customer debtor finance are as follows:                                $'000              $'000
Opening balance                                                                                                                  184
Additional provisions recognised                                                                                                 237
Net amounts written off                                                                                                         (197)
Exchange differences                                                                                                              (7)
Closing balance                                                                                                                  217                184
F4     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                  NOTES               Plant and      Fixtures and       Leasehold             Display                Total
                                                                     equipment            fittings   improvements            materials
At 26 June 2022                                                           $'000             $'000             $'000              $'000              $'000
Cost                                                                     36,315           35,733            86,673              6,489             165,210
Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                 (29,573)         (29,892)          (63,053)             (1,680)          (124,198)
Net book amount                                                           6,742             5,841           23,620              4,809              41,012
Year ended 2 July 2023
Opening net book amount                                                   6,742             5,841           23,620              4,809              41,012
Exchange difference                                                         (62)               43               192                 31                   204
Additions                                                                 5,875             3,515           12,455               2,945            24,790
Acquired as part of business combination             G2                     270                  -            1,725                321              2,316
Disposals                                                                   (62)              (13)              (58)               (44)              (177)
Depreciation charge                                                      (2,478)           (2,132)          (5,603)             (2,419)           (12,632)
Impairment write-back/(loss)                                                242               223             1,893                (65)             2,293
Closing net book amount                                                  10,527             7,477           34,224               5,578            57,806
At 2 July 2023
Cost                                                                     41,122           38,353            98,342               9,743           187,560
Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                (30,595)          (30,876)           (64,118)            (4,165)          (129,754)
Net book amount                                                          10,527             7,477           34,224               5,578            57,806

At 30 June 2024
Opening net book amount                                                  10,527             7,477           34,224               5,578            57,806
Exchange difference                                                         (211)             (60)            (320)                (31)              (622)
Additions                                                                 5,337             4,291            6,385                1,110            17,123
Acquired as part of business combination             G1                     132                23                  -                  -                  155
Disposals                                                                  (157)             (136)              (99)               (28)              (420)
Depreciation charge                                                      (2,859)           (2,256)          (6,529)             (2,691)           (14,335)
Closing net book amount                                                  12,769             9,339           33,661              3,938             59,707
At 30 June 2024
Cost                                                                     45,104           41,086           102,283              10,527           199,000
Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                 (32,335)          (31,747)         (68,622)            (6,589)           (139,293)
Net book amount                                                          12,769             9,339           33,661               3,938            59,707

Impairment loss

  As per the Group's accounting policies, the Group impairs assets where the recoverable amount is less than the carrying amount and reverses the
  impairment if no longer applicable. This also includes assets held at stores facing closure. Any assets held at an impaired store that are able to be
  redeployed throughout the Group are not impaired.
  A review of impairment indicators was performed. The accounting policy for this is disclosed in note J1. There were no indicators of impairment
  identified. The Group treats each store as a separate cash-generating unit for impairment testing of property, plant and equipment and right of use
  assets.

Depreciation methods and useful lives

  Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost or revalued amounts of the assets, net of their residual values, over
  their estimated useful lives or, in the case of leasehold improvements and certain leased plant and equipment, the shorter lease term as follows:
  • Plant and equipment                         4 - 7 years
  • Motor vehicles                            3 - 5 years
  • Fixtures and fittings                     6 - 10 years
  • Leasehold improvements                    6 - 10 years
  • Display materials                         2 - 5 years
F5     INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                     NOTES              Goodwill     Brand, Loyalty         Computer                Total
                                                                                                       Programs &            software
                                                                                                       Trademarks
At 26 June 2022                                                                            $'000             $'000              $'000              $'000
Cost                                                                                             -              79             25,715            25,794
Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                                          -                -           (14,805)           (14,805)
Net book amount                                                                                  -              79             10,910             10,989
Year ended 2 July 2023
Opening net book amount                                                                          -              79             10,910             10,989
Exchange difference                                                                              -                -              (106)              (106)
Additions                                                                                        -                -             7,792              7,792
Acquired as part of business combination                               G2                 17,695            20,421                   -            38,116
Amortisation charge                                                                              -                -            (2,881)            (2,881)
Closing net book amount                                                                   17,695           20,500              15,715             53,910
At 2 July 2023
Cost                                                                                      17,695           20,500             33,509              71,704
Accumulated amortisation                                                                         -                -           (17,794)           (17,794)
Net book amount                                                                           17,695           20,500              15,715             53,910

Year ended 30 June 2024
Opening net book amount                                                                   17,695           20,500              15,715             53,910
Exchange difference                                                                              -                -              (113)              (113)
Additions                                                                                        -                -             6,510              6,510
Acquired as part of business combination                               G1                      150                -                  -               150
PPA adjustment                                                         G2                  1,378                  -                  -             1,378
Amortisation charge                                                                              -                -            (4,032)            (4,032)
Closing net book amount                                                                   19,223           20,500             18,080             57,803
At 30 June 2024
Cost                                                                                      19,223           20,500             40,001              79,724
Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                                          -                -           (21,921)           (21,921)
Net book amount                                                                           19,223           20,500             18,080             57,803

Impairment tests

  The group tests goodwill and indefinite life intangibles (brand names) annually for impairment, in accordance with the accounting policy stated in
  note J1(K). For all cash-generating units (CGUs) which contain goodwill or indefinite life intangibles and all other CGUs which show an indicator of
  impairment, the recoverable amounts have been determined based on value-in-use calculations.
  Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the Australian CGU, which is a reportable segment. The brand intangible asset with
  an indefinite useful life is allocated based on the cashflows for which the brand operates.

Current year

  There has been no impairment of goodwill or indefinite life brand names in the current year.
Prior year

  There has been no impairment of goodwill or indefinite life brand names in the prior year.
Key assumptions used for value-in-use / fair value less cost to sell calculations

  A pre-tax discount rate of 8.05% was applied. For the purposes of impairment testing, a long-term growth rate of 3.6% was used to extrapolate cash
  flows beyond the budget period and calculate a terminal value.
  These assumptions have been used for the analysis of each CGU, in line with the Australian expected long-term inflation.
  The basis of estimation of the five-year cash flows uses the following key operating assumptions:
  • Five-year budgeted EBITDA is based on management's forecasts of revenue;
  • Revenue forecasts take into account historical revenue and consider external factors such as market sector and geography; and
  • Costs are calculated taking into account historical margins, forecast increases and estimated inflation rates over the period, consistent with the
    locations in which the CGUs operate.

Impact of possible changes in key assumptions

  There are no CGUs identified as being sensitive to changes in key assumptions.
F6     TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                                                 2024               2023
                                                                                                                                 $'000              $'000
Trade payables                                                                                                                 38,448
Annual leave liability                                                                                                          9,050
Accrued expenses                                                                                                                2,057
Consumption taxes payable                                                                                                        3,471
Other payables                                                                                                                  15,109
                                                                                                                               68,135             71,202

F7     PROVISIONS
                                                                                            2024                                                    2023
                                                      Current      Non-current              Total          Current        Non-current               Total
                                                        $'000             $'000             $'000            $'000               $'000              $'000
Employee benefits                                       9,932             2,195            12,127            9,986              2,090             12,076
Assurance-type warranties                               2,222                  -           2,222              1,927                   -             1,927
Make good provision                                       597            4,968             5,565               594              8,789              9,383
Restructuring costs                                       363                  -             363               738                    -              738
                                                        13,114            7,163           20,277            13,245             10,879             24,124

                                                                      Employee Assurance-type           Make good       Restructuring               Total
                                                                       benefits    warranties            provision              costs


Movements in Provisions                                                   $'000             $'000            $'000               $'000              $'000
Opening carrying amount                                                  12,076             1,927            9,383                738             24,124
Changes in provisions recognised                                          1,050              295            (3,358)               351              (1,662)
Amounts incurred and charged                                               (972)                 -            (463)               (716)            (2,151)
Exchange differences                                                        (27)                 -                3                (10)              (34)
Closing carrying amount                                                  12,127            2,222             5,565                363             20,277

  ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND SIGNIFICANT ESTIMATES

  Employee benefits

  Employee benefits includes provision for long service leave, assessment of employee benefits in New Zealand and the provision for remediation.
  Provisions are measured at the present value of management's best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the end
  of the reporting year.
  In determining the employee remediation provision, management has applied certain assumptions and judgements including interpretation of
  relevant legal requirements and expectations regarding final settlement of obligations with the regulator. Any such estimates and assumptions may
  change as new information becomes available and/or when the remediation program is completed and approved by the regulator.
  The liability for long service leave is measured as the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by
  employees up to the reporting date using the projected unit credit method.

  Assurance-type warranties

  Provision is made for the Group’s assurance-type warranties, being 12 month guarantee on the quality of workmanship and the 3 year watch
  guarantee. In addition, all Michael Hill watches sold before 30 June 2018 included a lifetime battery replacement guarantee. Management estimates
  the provision based on historical sale return information and any recent trends that may suggest future claims could differ from historical amounts.

  Make good provision

  The Group has an obligation to restore certain leasehold sites to their original condition upon store closure or relocation. This provision represents
  the present value of the expected future make good commitment. Amounts charged to the provision represent both the cost of make good costs
  incurred and the costs incurred which mitigate the final liability prior to the closure or relocation.

  Restructuring

  A provision has been raised for the estimated staffing exit costs from business structure changes. Restructuring provisions are recognised only
  when the Group has a constructive obligation, which is when:
  • there is a detailed formal plan that identifies the business or part of the business concerned, the location and number of employees affected, the
     detailed estimate of the associated costs, and the timeline; and
  • the employees affected have been notified of the plan’s main features.
F8     TAX

INCOME TAX EXPENSE                                                                                                           2024               2023
Current tax                                                                                                                  $'000             $'000
Current tax on profits for the year                                                                                          4,145
Adjustments for current tax of prior periods                                                                                 (349)
Total current tax expense                                                                                                   3,796             10,079

Deferred income tax
(Increase)/Decrease in deferred tax assets                                                                                 (4,043)
Adjustments for deferred tax of prior periods                                                                                 358
Total deferred tax expense/(benefit)                                                                                       (3,685)             4,486
Income tax expense                                                                                                              111           14,565

Deferred income tax (benefit)/expense included in income tax comprises:
Increase in deferred tax assets                                                                                             (8,315)
Increase in deferred tax liabilities                                                                                         4,272
                                                                                                                           (4,043)             3,517

                                                                                                                             2024               2023
NUMERICAL RECONCILIATION OF INCOME TAX EXPENSE TO PRIMA FACIE TAX PAYABLE                                                    $'000             $'000
Profit before income tax expense                                                                                             (369)
Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30.0% (2023: 30.0%)                                                                          (111)
Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible (taxable) in calculating taxable income:
Non-deductible expenditure/non-assessable income                                                                              730
                                                                                                                               619            14,973
Difference in overseas tax rates                                                                                             (543)
Adjustments for current tax of prior periods                                                                                 (349)
Adjustments for deferred tax of prior periods                                                                                 358
Tax losses not recognised                                                                                                       26
Change in tax rate on deferred tax balance                                                                                        -
Income tax expense                                                                                                              111           14,565

                                                                                                                             2024               2023
UNRECOGNISED POTENTIAL DEFERRED TAX ASSETS                                                                                   $'000             $'000
Unused United States tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been recognised                                        36,939
Potential tax benefit @ 25.0%                                                                                               9,235
Unused New Zealand tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been recognised                                           2,593
Potential tax benefit @ 28.0%                                                                                                 726

  The unused tax losses incurred in the United States and New Zealand are available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the
  countries in which the losses arose. Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these losses as it is unknown when the New Zealand
  losses may be used to offset taxable profits and the United States losses are not expected to be used.
                                                                                                                                   2024               2023
DEFERRED TAX BALANCES                                                                                                             $'000               $'000
The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
Expected credit loss provision                                                                                                       83
Fixed assets and intangibles                                                                                                      2,666
Intangible assets from intellectual property transfer                                                                            22,235
Deferred expenditure                                                                                                               (109)
Prepayments                                                                                                                           9
Deferred service revenue                                                                                                            364
Right-of-use assets                                                                                                             (39,012)
Lease liabilities                                                                                                                48,177
Provisions                                                                                                                       15,503
Unrealised foreign exchange losses                                                                                                  (78)
Sundry items                                                                                                                         (8)
Inventories                                                                                                                           4
Tax losses recognised                                                                                                             2,673
Net deferred tax assets                                                                                                         52,507               49,118

Expected settlement:
Deferred tax assets expected to be recovered within 12 months                                                                   29,969
Deferred tax assets expected to be recovered after more than 12 months                                                           22,538
                                                                                                                                52,507               49,118
Movements:
Opening balance at 3 July 2023                                                                                                   49,118
Credited/(charged) to the income statement                                                                                        4,043
Acquisition of Bevilles                                                                                                                -
Prior year adjustment                                                                                                              (358)
Foreign exchange differences                                                                                                       (296)
Closing balance at 30 June 2024                                                                                                 52,507               49,118

F9      AUDITORS' REMUNERATION
  During the year the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by the auditor of the parent entity, Michael Hill International Limited, its
  related practices and non-related audit firms:

                                                                                                                                   2024               2023
ERNST & YOUNG (AUSTRALIA)                                                                                                              $                  $
Fees for auditing the statutory financial report of the Company and its subsidiaries                                           577,443            528,563
                                                                                                                               577,443            528,563

F10 CONTRIBUTED EQUITY
                                                                                             2024              2023                2024               2023
SHARE CAPITAL                                                                               Shares            Shares              $'000               $'000
Ordinary shares - fully paid                                                         384,623,963                                 12,763
Total share capital                                                                  384,623,963      379,688,884                12,763              11,112

                                                                                                                             Number of                Total
MOVEMENTS IN ORDINARY SHARES                                                                                                    shares                $'000
Opening balance at 27 June 2022                                                                                           388,285,374                11,388
Share buy-back                                                                                                               (8,631,237)              (300)
Balance at 2 July 2023                                                                                                    379,688,884                11,112
Rights converted                                                                                                             4,935,079                1,651
Balance at 30 June 2024                                                                                                   384,623,963               12,763
Ordinary shares

  Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends, and to share in the proceeds of winding up the Company in proportion to the number of
  and amounts paid on the shares held.
  On a show of hands every holder of ordinary shares present at a meeting in person or by proxy, is entitled to one vote, and on a poll each share is
  entitled to one vote.

Options

  Information relating to the Michael Hill International Employee Option Plan, including details of options issued, exercised and lapsed during the
  financial year and options outstanding at the end of the financial year, is set out in note D3.

Rights issue

  Information relating to share rights issued under the Company's deferred compensation plan, including details of rights issued, exercised and
  lapsed during the financial year and rights outstanding at the end of the financial year, is set out in note D3.

F11    RESERVES

NATURE AND PURPOSES OF OTHER RESERVES

Share-based payments

  The share-based payments reserve is used to recognise the value of equity-settled share-based payments provided to employees, including key
  management personnel, as part of their remunerations. Refer to note D3 for further details of these plans.

Foreign currency translation

  Exchange differences arising on translation of the foreign controlled entity are recognised in other comprehensive income as described in note J1(C)
  and accumulated in a separate reserve within equity. The cumulative amount is reclassified to profit or loss when the net investment is disposed of.
  G     BUSINESS COMBINATION

G1 Current year acquisitions
G2 Prior year acquisitions

G1      CURRENT YEAR ACQUISITIONS

ACQUISITION OF JEWELLERY SERVICES AUSTRALIA
  On 8 December 2023, the Group acquired the business and selected assets and liabilities of Jewellery Services Australia, with consideration
  consisting of cash upfront.
  Jewellery Services Australia is a jewellery repair workshop based in Brisbane, Australia. The acquisition provides an opportunity to stabilise the
  repair network for the Michael Hill Group, whilst presenting an opportunity to grow the repairs offering and revenue within Australia.
  The Group measures the assets and liabilities assumed in the acquisition at fair value. The purchase price accounting for Jewellery Services
  Australia is provisional as at 30 June 2024.

Assets acquired and liabilities assumed

  Details of the purchase consideration, the net assets acquired and goodwill are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                                NOTES          Fair value recognised on
                                                                                                                                             acquisition
ASSETS                                                                                                                                            $'000
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                     F4                                   155
Total assets                                                                                                                                           155
LIABILITIES
Annual leave                                                                                                                                           28
Long service leave                                                                                                                                      27
Total liabilities                                                                                                                                       55
Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                                                                            100

Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                                                                        150
Purchase consideration transferred                                                                                                                     250

  The goodwill represents the synergies expected to be achieved through integrating Jewellery Services Australia and its associated workforce.

G2      PRIOR YEAR ACQUISITIONS

ACQUISITION OF BEVILLES
  On 1 June 2023, the Group acquired the business and selected assets and liabilities of Bevilles, with consideration consisting of cash upfront (after
  adjustments) and earn-out payments over two years.
  Bevilles is a Australian jewellery and watch retailer that centres its brand and products on the 'value' customer segment. As such, this provides a
  strong strategic fit and complements the strategy to elevate the Michael Hill brand to a 'premium' market positioning.

  The Group measures the assets and liabilities assumed in the acquisition at fair value.

Assets acquired and liabilities assumed

  In finalising the purchase price allocation (PPA) for Bevilles, a detailed review of the inventory that existed at acquisition was conducted. It was
  determined some of the acquired inventory did not align with the strategic growth objectives of the brand. Consequently, this inventory was
  partially written down to its recoverable value, to ensure focus remains on ranges that support the long term vision of the brand, with an associated
  adjustment to goodwill recognised on acquisition. The amount of the write down was $1,378,000. No further significant changes arose as a result of
  finalisation of the PPA for Bevilles.
  The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Bevilles as at the date of acquisition were:

                                                                                                                NOTES          Fair value recognised on
                                                                                                                                             acquisition
ASSETS                                                                                                                                            $'000
Cash                                                                                                                                                    22
Trade receivables                                                                                                                                      49
Inventories                                                                                                                                       17,531
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                     F4                               2,316
Intangibles                                                                                                       F5                             20,421
Right-of-use assets                                                                                                                               10,812
Other current assets                                                                                                                                   172
Total assets                                                                                                                                     51,322
LIABILITIES
Trade payables                                           1,098
Contract liabilities                                      1,162
Employee entitlements                                    2,212
Lease liabilities                                       10,812
Provisions                                               1,001
Deferred tax liabilities                                 5,105
Total liabilities                                       21,390
Total identifiable net assets at fair value             29,933

Goodwill arising on acquisition                    F5   19,073
Purchase consideration transferred                      49,006

PURCHASE CONSIDERATION                                   $'000
Cash consideration paid to the vendor                   44,635
Deferred contingent consideration paid in escrow         3,500
Deferred consideration payable                             871
Total consideration                                     49,006
  H    GROUP STRUCTURE

H1 Interests in other entities
H2 Deed of cross guarantee
H3 Parent entity financial information

H1     INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES
  The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries in accordance with the
  accounting policy described in noteJ1(B):

                                                                                                                          Ownership interest held by
                                                                                                           Country of            the group
                                                                                                         incorporation            2024           2023
                                                                                                                                      %             %
Michael Hill Jeweller (Australia) Pty Limited                                                              Australia               100            100
Michael Hill Wholesale Pty Limited                                                                         Australia               100            100
Michael Hill Manufacturing Pty Limited                                                                     Australia               100            100
Michael Hill Franchise Pty Limited                                                                         Australia               100            100
Michael Hill Franchise Services Pty Limited                                                                Australia               100            100
Michael Hill Finance                                                                                       Australia               100            100
Michael Hill Group Services Pty Limited                                                                    Australia               100            100
Michael Hill Charms Pty Limited                                                                            Australia               100            100
MH Bespoke Diamonds AU Pty Ltd (previously Michael Hill Online Pty Ltd)                                    Australia               100            100
Fine Jewellery Retail AU Pty Ltd (previously Emma & Roe Pty Limited)                                       Australia               100            100
Medley Jewellery Pty Limited                                                                               Australia               100            100
Durante Holdings Pty Limited                                                                               Australia               100            100
Michael Hill New Zealand Limited                                                                         New Zealand               100            100
Michael Hill Jeweller Limited                                                                            New Zealand               100            100
Michael Hill Finance (NZ) Limited                                                                        New Zealand               100            100
Michael Hill Franchise Holdings Limited                                                                  New Zealand               100            100
MHJ (US) Limited                                                                                         New Zealand               100            100
Emma & Roe NZ Limited                                                                                    New Zealand               100            100
Michael Hill Online Holdings Limited                                                                     New Zealand               100            100
Michael Hill Jeweller (Canada) Pty Limited                                                                  Canada                 100            100
Michael Hill LLC                                                                                         United States             100            100

H2     DEED OF CROSS GUARANTEE
  Pursuant to ASIC Class Order 2016/785, the Australian wholly-owned subsidiaries listed below are relieved from the Corporations Act 2001
  requirements for preparation, audit and lodgement of financial reports and directors' report in Australia.
  The subsidiaries subject to the deed are: Durante Holdings Pty Ltd, Michael Hill Group Services Pty Ltd, Michael Hill Jeweller (Australia) Pty Ltd,
  Michael Hill Manufacturing Pty Ltd, Michael Hill Wholesale Pty Ltd, Michael Hill Franchise Services Pty Ltd, Michael Hill Franchise Pty Ltd, Michael
  Hill New Zealand Ltd, Michael Hill Jeweller Ltd, Michael Hill Franchise Holdings Ltd, Michael Hill Finance (NZ) Ltd, MH Bespoke Diamonds AU Pty
  Ltd, Michael Hill Charms Pty Ltd, Fine Jewellery Retail AU Pty Ltd, Medley Jewellery Pty Ltd, Michael Hill Online Holdings Ltd and Emma & Roe NZ
  Ltd.
  The Class Order requires the Parent Company and each of the subsidiaries to enter into a Deed of Cross Guarantee. The effect of the deed is that
  the Company guarantees each creditor payment in full of any debt in the event of winding up of any of the subsidiaries under certain provisions of
  the Corporations Act 2001. If a winding up occurs under other provisions of the Corporations Act 2001, the Company will only be liable in the event
  that after six months any creditor has not been paid in full. The subsidiaries have also given similar guarantees in the event that the Company is
  wound up.
  The above companies represent a Closed Group for the purposes of the Class Order and, as there are no other parties to the Deed of Cross
  Guarantee that are controlled by Michael Hill International Limited, they also represent the Extended Closed Group.
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS, STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME AND SUMMARY
  OF MOVEMENTS IN CONSOLIDATED RETAINED EARNINGS

  Set out below is a consolidated statement of profit or loss, a consolidated statement of comprehensive income and a summary of movements in
  consolidated retained earnings for the year ended 30 June 2024 of the closed group consisting of Michael Hill International Limited and the
  entities noted above.

                                                                                                                           2024          2023
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS                                                                                  $'000          $'000
Revenue from sales of goods and services                                                                               465,857        435,796
Sales to Group companies not in Closed Group                                                                              2,315          17,121
Other income                                                                                                                471          (236)
Cost of goods sold                                                                                                     (183,599)      (160,161)
Employee benefits expense                                                                                              (144,797)      (129,675)
Occupancy costs                                                                                                          (7,589)        (4,812)
Marketing expenses                                                                                                     (30,865)        (31,594)
Selling expenses                                                                                                        (14,391)       (12,845)
Administrative expenses                                                                                                (23,465)       (22,459)
Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                                  (54,209)       (44,960)
Loss in disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                                         (384)           (114)
Other expenses                                                                                                           (6,739)         (426)
Finance costs                                                                                                            (11,120)       (6,583)
Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                                                          (8,515)       39,052
Income tax expense                                                                                                        1,995        (12,964)
Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                                               (6,520)       26,088

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                                                                                 2024          2023
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss                                                                          $'000          $'000
   Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                                             (3,534)         1,379
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period, net of tax                                                             (3,534)         1,379
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                                         (10,054)        27,467

                                                                                                                           2024          2023
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                                                                                            $'000          $'000
Equity at the beginning of the financial year                                                                          481,734        472,985
Share buy-back                                                                                                                 -        10,207
Total comprehensive income/(loss)                                                                                       (10,054)       27,467
Share rights through share-based payments reserve                                                                              -         1,794
Issue of share capital on exercise of share rights                                                                        (409)                 -
Dividends paid                                                                                                          (20,195)       (30,719)
Total equity at the end of the financial year                                                                          451,076        481,734
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
  Set out below is a consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2024 of the Closed Group consisting of Michael Hill International
  Limited and the entities noted above.

                                                                                                                                 2024           2023
CURRENT ASSETS                                                                                                                  $'000           $'000
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                       9,816           9,971
Trade receivables                                                                                                               8,216          5,950
Inventories                                                                                                                   148,757         151,266
Loans to related parties                                                                                                     249,706         246,710
Other current assets                                                                                                            7,627           4,714
Current tax asset                                                                                                                 215                -
Total current assets                                                                                                         424,337          418,611
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                 45,235           41,756
Right-of-use assets                                                                                                           110,624         108,121
Investments in subsidiaries                                                                                                   83,346          83,346
Other non-current assets                                                                                                          573          18,341
Intangible assets                                                                                                             57,803           36,215
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                           45,539          40,767
Total non-current assets                                                                                                     343,120         328,546
Total assets                                                                                                                 767,457         747,157
CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and other payables                                                                                                       57,021         54,035
Lease liabilities                                                                                                             30,453           31,074
Current tax liabilities                                                                                                              -         9,450
Deferred revenue                                                                                                               14,084          14,616
Provisions                                                                                                                     12,494          12,310
Deferred consideration                                                                                                          2,851                -
Total current liabilities                                                                                                     116,903         121,485
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                                                                                                             94,524          88,947
Deferred revenue                                                                                                               38,891          44,113
Provisions                                                                                                                      7,163          10,878
Borrowings                                                                                                                    58,900                 -
Total non-current liabilities                                                                                                199,478         143,938
Total liabilities                                                                                                             316,381        265,423
Net assets                                                                                                                   451,076         481,734
EQUITY
Contributed equity                                                                                                           320,585         320,585
Reserves                                                                                                                      (20,295)        (16,352)
Retained profits                                                                                                              150,786         177,501
Total equity                                                                                                                 451,076         481,734
H3         PARENT ENTITY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

      SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
      The individual financial statements for Michael Hill International Limited (the Parent) show the following aggregate amounts.

                                                                                                                                      2024           2023
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION                                                                                                       $'000         $'000
Current assets                                                                                                                         140            286
Non-current assets                                                                                                               353,616          387,715
Total assets                                                                                                                     353,756         388,001


Current liabilities                                                                                                                      -         11,664
Total liabilities                                                                                                                        -         11,664
Net assets                                                                                                                       353,756         376,337


Issued capital                                                                                                                   291,832          291,255
Reserves                                                                                                                          33,096          33,504
Retained earnings                                                                                                                 28,828           51,578
Total equity                                                                                                                     353,756         376,337

                                                                                                                                      2024           2023
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                                                            $'000         $'000
Loss for the year                                                                                                                (24,905)        (39,437)
Total comprehensive loss                                                                                                         (24,905)        (39,437)

      GUARANTEES ENTERED INTO BY THE PARENT ENTITY
   The Parent has issued the following guarantees in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries:
(i)  Pursuant to Class Order 2016/785, Michael Hill International Limited and the subsidiaries listed below entered into a deed of cross guarantee
     on 30 June 2016. The effect of the deed is that Michael Hill International Limited has guaranteed to pay any deficiency in the event of winding
     up of any controlled entity or if they do not meet their obligations under the terms of overdrafts, loans, leases or other liabilities subject to the
     guarantee. The controlled entities have also given a similar guarantee in the event that Michael Hill International Limited is wound up or if it
     does not meet its obligations under the terms of overdrafts, loans, leases or other liabilities subject to the guarantee.
(ii) The subsidiaries subject to the deed are: Durante Holdings Pty Ltd, Michael Hill Group Services Pty Ltd, Michael Hill Jeweller (Australia) Pty
     Ltd, Michael Hill Manufacturing Pty Ltd, Michael Hill Wholesale Pty Ltd, Michael Hill Franchise Services Pty Ltd, Michael Hill Franchise Pty Ltd,
     Michael Hill New Zealand Ltd, Michael Hill Jeweller Ltd, Michael Hill Franchise Holdings Ltd, Michael Hill Finance (NZ) Ltd, Michael Hill Online
     Pty Ltd, Michael Hill Charms Pty Ltd, Emma & Roe Pty Ltd, Medley Jewellery Pty Ltd, Michael Hill Online Holdings Ltd and Emma & Roe NZ Ltd.

      CONTINGENT LIABILITIES OF THE PARENT ENTITY
      The Parent entity had no material contingent liabilities as at balance date.
     I    UNRECOGNISED ITEMS

 I1      Contingencies and commitments
 I2 Events occurring after the end of the reporting period

I1        CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS

     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
     From time to time, Companies within the Group are party to various legal actions as well as inquiries from regulators and government bodies that
     have arisen in the normal course of business. The Directors have given consideration to such matters which are or may be subject to claims or
     litigation at year end and are of the opinion that that any liabilities arising over and above already provided in the financial statements from such
     action would not have a material effect on the Group's financial performance.
     The Group is not aware of any significant events occurring subsequent to balance date that have not been disclosed.
     The Group had no material contingent liabilities as at balance date.

     CONTINGENT ASSETS
     The Group has no material contingent assets existing as at balance date.

     COMMITMENTS
     The following sets out the various lease contracts that the Group has entered into and have yet to commence as at 30 June 2024.

                                                                                                 Within one       One to five    Greater than            Total
                                                                                                       year            years       five years
                                                                                                      $'000            $'000            $'000            $'000
Future lease payments for these non-cancellable lease contracts                                        568              458               777            1,803

I2        EVENTS OCCURRING AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
     In July 2024, it was agreed with ANZ Banking Group and HSBC Australia for the facility to increase by $40 million for the four-month period from 15
     September 2024 to support seasonal working capital requirements for Christmas trade.

     The Supreme Court of New South Wales handed down its judgment in Gispac Pty Ltd v Michael Hill Jeweller (Australia) Pty Ltd on 31 January 2024,
     which involved a dispute in relation to the supply of packaging in the years 2014 to 2018. The Supreme Court ordered Michael Hill Jeweller
     (Australia) Pty Ltd to pay damages of $2,259,971 plus interest and costs, for which the Group provided $4,500,000 for in the consolidated interim
     financial report for the period ended 31 December 2023. The Group subsequently appealed that decision to the NSW Court of Appeal. On 27
     August 2024, the NSW Court of Appeal handed down its judgement for the appeal and has reduced the damages amount to $359,858, plus
     interest. Gispac was ordered to pay the Group’s costs of the appeal, however the initial trial costs are subject to further determination by the Court.
     Gispac has a right to apply for leave to appeal to the High Court within 28 days of the judgement. As the initial trial costs are subject to further Court
     determination and the decision still remains subject to appeal, the Group has maintained the existing provision amount noted above in the
     consolidated annual financial report for the year ended 30 June 2024.

     On 30 August 2024, Claudia Batten was appointed a non-executive director of Michael Hill International Limited.

     No other matters or circumstances have occurred subsequent to year end that has significantly affected, or may significantly affect, the operations
     of the Group, the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the Group or economic entity in subsequent financial years.
  J      SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND SIGNIFICANT ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

 J1 Summary of material accounting policy information
J2 Significant estimates and judgements

J1       SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION

(A) BASIS OF PREPARATION

  The financial report is a general purpose financial report, which has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act
  2001, Australian Accounting Standards and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board.
  The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for derivative financial instruments that have been measured at fair
  value. The consolidated financial statements provide comparative information in respect of the previous period.
  For reporting purposes, the Group adopts a weekly 'retail calendar' closing each Sunday. The current 52 week reporting period ended on 30 June
  2024.
  The consolidated financial statements of the Group comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International
  Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

(B) PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION
  Subsidiaries are all entities (including special purpose) over which the Group has control. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has
  rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities
  of the investee. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the
  date that control ceases.
  Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost in the individual financial statements of Michael Hill International Limited.
  Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group companies are eliminated on consolidation. Unrealised
  losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of the impairment of the transferred asset.

(C) FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION

Functional currency translation

  Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in
  which the entity operates ('the functional currency'). The Group financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is the Group's
  presentation currency.

Transactions and balances

  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Net
  foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end of monetary assets and
  liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised as other income or other expenses, except when deferred in equity as qualifying cash
  flow hedges and qualifying net investment hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign operation.

Group companies

  The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which have the currency of a hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional
  currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:
  • assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of the statement of financial position;
     • income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss and statement of comprehensive income are translated at average exchange rates,
       unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and
       expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions; and
     • all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.
  On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign entities, and of borrowings and other financial
  instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are recognised in other comprehensive income.

(D) TAXES

Current income tax

  The income tax expense or credit for the year is the tax payable on the current year's taxable income based on the applicable income tax rate for
  each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.
  The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting year in the
  countries where the Group operates and generates taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect
  to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts
  expected to be paid to the tax authorities.
  Current tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
  equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
Deferred income tax

      Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their
      carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current assets and liabilities.

      Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is probable that future taxable amounts
      will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.
      Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount and tax bases of investments in
      controlled entities where the Parent Entity is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the
      differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
      Deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
      equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities and where the
      deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally
      enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

Tax consolidation group

      Michael Hill International Limited and its wholly-owned Australian controlled entities form a tax consolidation group. As a consequence, one
      income tax return is completed for the Australian tax group and is treated for income tax purposes as one taxpayer.
      The tax balances have been attributed for reporting purposes to each of the entities on the basis of their individual results. Amounts of tax due to
      and receivable from the Australian Taxation Office are made by Michael Hill International Limited as nominated member of the Australian tax
      consolidated group. The current tax balance for the Australian tax group has been allocated between the members based on each entity’s current
      tax movement for the period. Where tax losses are incurred by Australian tax group members, these are offset within the group.

(E) GOODS AND SERVICES TAX (GST)

      Revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are recognised net of the amount of GST, except:
      • When the GST incurred on a sale or purchase of assets or services is not payable to or recoverable from the taxation authority, in which case the
        GST is recognised as part of the revenue or the expense item or as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset, as applicable; or
      • When receivables and payables are stated with the amount of GST included.
      The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables in the statement of
      financial position. Commitments and contingencies are disclosed net of the amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority.
      Cash flows are included in the statement of cash flows on a gross basis and the GST components of cash flows arising from investing or financing
      activities which are recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority, are presented as operating cash flows.

(F) IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS
      At each annual reporting date (or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired), the Group assesses
      whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired. Where such an indication is identified, the Group estimates the recoverable amount
      of the asset and recognises an impairment loss where the recoverable amount is less than the carrying amount. The recoverable amount is the
      higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and value-in-use.
      Where the recoverable amount exceeds the carrying amount of an asset, an impairment loss is recognised. Right-of-use assets are also
      incorporated into the calculation. Subsequent to an impairment occurring, if the recoverable amount from assets exceeds the carrying value, the
      impairment loss is reversed to the extent that it has been recognised.

(G) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
      Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with
      original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of
      changes in value, and bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the statement of financial position when
      utilised.

(H) INVENTORIES
      Raw materials and finished goods are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises direct materials, direct labour and an
      appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overhead expenditure, the latter being allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity. Costs are
      assigned to individual items of inventory on the basis of weighted average costs. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
      course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
      Management review stock holdings based on recoverability at a product level and write-down as appropriate.

(I)      FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - INITIAL RECOGNITION AND SUBSEQUENT MEASUREMENT

(i)      Financial assets

         Initial recognition and measurement

         Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through Other Comprehensive
         Income (OCI), and fair value through profit or loss.
The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group’s
business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component, the Group
initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs.
Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are measured at the transaction price determined under AASB15
Revenue from Contracts with Customers . Refer to the accounting policies in note A2.
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are
‘Solely Payments of Principal and Interest (SPPI)’ on the principal amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is
performed at an instrument level.
The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. The
business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both.

Subsequent measurement

Whilst there are four categories, two are relevant in the current reporting period for the Group, being:
        •   Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
        •   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

This category is the most relevant to the Group. The Group measures financial assets at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are
met:
     •   The financial asset is held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows;
         and
     •   The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
         on the principal amount outstanding.
Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the Effective Interest Rate (EIR) method and are subject to impairment.
Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.
The Group’s financial assets at amortised cost include trade receivables included under current and non-current financial assets.

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets held for trading, financial assets designated upon initial recognition at
fair value through profit or loss, or financial assets mandatorily required to be measured at fair value. Financial assets are classified as held for
trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near term. Derivatives, including separated embedded derivatives,
are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. Financial assets with cash flows that are not
solely payments of principal and interest are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.
Notwithstanding the criteria for debt instruments to be classified at amortised cost or at fair value through OCI, as described above, debt
instruments may be designated at fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition if doing so eliminates, or significantly reduces, an
accounting mismatch.
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with net changes in fair value
recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
This category includes derivative instruments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through OCI.

Derecognition

A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e.
removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:
    •    The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
    •    The Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows
         in full without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-through’ arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially
         all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the
         asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if,
and to what extent, it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks
and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of its
continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are
measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.
Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of
the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

Impairment of financial assets

Further disclosures relating to impairment of financial assets are also provided in note F3.
The Group recognises an allowance for Expected Credit Losses (ECLs) for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs
are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group
expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate.
       For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Therefore, the Group does not track
       changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a
       provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the
       economic environment.
       The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are past due. However, in certain cases, the Group may also
       consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding
       contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is
       no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

(ii)   Financial liabilities

       Initial recognition and measurement

       Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or
       as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.
       All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable
       transaction costs.

       Subsequent measurement

       The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below.

       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial
       recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.
       Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term. This category also
       includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as
       defined by AASB9 Financial Instruments. Separated embedded derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as
       effective hedging instruments.
       Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
       Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss are designated at the initial date of recognition, and
       only if the criteria in AASB9 Financial Instruments are satisfied. The Group has not designated anu financial liability as at fair value through
       profit and loss.

       Loans and borrowings at amortised cost

       This is the category most relevant to the Group. After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at
       amortised cost using the Effective Interest Rate (EIR) method. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are
       derecognised as well as through the EIR amortisation process.
       Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the EIR.
       The EIR amortisation is included as finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.
       This category generally applies to interest-bearing loans and borrowings. For more information, refer to note C1.

       Derecognition
       A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an existing financial
       liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially
       modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The
       difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

       Offsetting of financial instruments

       Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of financial position if there is a
       currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, to realise the assets and
       settle the liabilities simultaneously.

(J) PROPERTY PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

   All property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less depreciation and impairment. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly
   attributable to the acquisition of the items.
   Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that
   future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of
   any component accounted for as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss
   during the reporting year in which they are incurred.
   Depreciation on other assets is calculated using the straight line method to allocate their cost or revalued amounts, net of their residual values,
   over their estimated useful lives (note F4).
   The assets' residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting year.
   An asset's carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset's carrying amount is greater than its estimated
   recoverable amount (note J1(F)).
   Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount. These are included in profit or loss.
(K) INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL

Goodwill

  Goodwill is initially measured at cost (being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the amount recognised for non-
  controlling interests and any previous interest held over the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed). If the fair value of the net
  assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration transferred, the Group re-assesses whether it has correctly identified all of the assets
  acquired and all of the liabilities assumed and reviews the procedures used to measure the amounts to be recognised at the acquisition date. If the
  reassessment still results in an excess of the fair value of net assets acquired over the aggregate consideration transferred, then the gain is
  recognised in profit or loss.
  After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill
  acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units that are expected to
  benefit from the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.

Brand

  Brand names are acquired as part of business combinations and are recognised initially at fair value. Where they have an indefinite useful life, they
  are not subject to amortisation but are tested annually for impairment or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate they may
  be impaired. Key factors taken into account in assessing useful life of brands are:
  • The brands are well established and protected by trademarks; and
  • There are currently no legal, technical or commercial obsolescence factors applying to the brands which indicate that the life should be
    considered limited.

Loyalty program

  Loyalty programs associated to brands operate a customer loyalty program which attributes value to the business by offering a returning
  customer base. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business combination is their fair value at the date of acquisition. Following initial
  recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Internally generated
  intangibles, excluding capitalised development costs, are not capitalised and the related expenditure is reflected in profit or loss in the period in
  which the expenditure is incurred.

Software

  Acquired computer software licences are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use the specific software. These
  costs are amortised over their estimated useful lives (three to five years).
  Costs associated with developing or maintaining software programmes are recognised as an expense as incurred. Development costs that are
  directly attributable to the design and testing of identifiable and unique software products controlled by the Group are recognised as intangible
  assets when the following criteria are met:
  • it is technically feasible to complete the software so that it will be available for use;
  • management intends to complete the software and use or sell it;
  • there is an ability to use or sell the software;
  • adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell the software are available;
  • it can be demonstrated how the software will generate probable future economic benefits; and
  • the expenditure attributable to the software during its development can be reliably measured.
  In respect to cloud computing arrangements, the Group assesses whether the arrangement contains a lease and if not, whether the arrangement
  provides the Group with a resource that it can control. Costs associated with implementation are then assessed as to whether they can be
  capitalised in accordance with relevant accounting standards.
  Directly attributable costs that are capitalised as part of the software include employee costs and an appropriate portion of relevant overheads.
  Capitalised development costs are recorded as intangible assets and amortised from the point at which the asset is ready for use.
  Computer software development costs recognised as assets are amortised over their estimated useful lives (not exceeding ten years).

Useful life

  The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite.
  Intangible assets with finite lives are amortised over the useful economic life i.e. three years for customer loyalty program and assessed for
  impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an
  intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period. Changes in the expected useful life or the expected
  pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset are considered to modify the amortisation period or method, as
  appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates. The amortisation expense on intangible assets with finite lives is recognised in
  the statement of profit or loss in the expense category that is consistent with the function of the intangible assets.

(L) PROVISIONS

  Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of
  resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated.
  Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering the class
  of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of
  obligations may be small.
  Present obligations arising from onerous contracts are required to be recognised and measured as a provision. An onerous contract is considered
  to exist where the unavoidable cost of meeting the obligations under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received from the
  contract.
  Provisions are measured at the present value of management's best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the
  end of the reporting year. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the
  time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest
  expense.

(M) EMPLOYEE ENTITLEMENTS

Short-term obligations

  Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and accumulating sick leave that are expected to be settled wholly within 12
  months after the end of the year in which the employees render the related service are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to the end
  of the reporting year and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.
  Liabilities for employee benefits are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the
  present obligation at the reporting date.

Other long-term employee benefit obligations

  The liabilities for long service leave and annual leave that are not expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the year in which
  the employees render the related service are measured as the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services
  provided by employees up to the end of the reporting year using the projected unit credit method. Consideration is given to expected future wage
  and salary levels, experience of employee departures and periods of service. Expected future payments are discounted using the Milliman G100
  discount rates at the end of the reporting period. Remeasurements as a result of experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions
  are recognised in profit or loss.
  The obligations are presented as current liabilities in the statement of financial position if the entity does not have an unconditional right to defer
  settlement for at least twelve months after the reporting year, regardless of when the actual settlement is expected to occur.

Profit-sharing and bonus plans

  The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses and profit-sharing based on a formula that takes into consideration the profit
  attributable to the Company's shareholders after certain adjustments. The Group recognises a provision where contractually obliged or where
  there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.

Retirement benefit obligations

  The Group provides retirement benefits to employees through a defined contribution superannuation fund. Contributions are recognised as
  expenses as they become payable.

(N) BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

  Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of the
  consideration transferred, which is measured at acquisition date fair value, and the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree. For
  each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate
  share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred and included in administrative expenses. At the
  acquisition date, identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at
  their fair values, except deferred tax assets or liabilities and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements which are recognised
  and measured in accordance with AASB 112 Income Taxes and AASB 119 Employee Benefits respectively.
  The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets include an input and a substantive process
  that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired process is considered substantive if it is critical to the ability to
  continue producing outputs, and the inputs acquired include an organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to
  perform that process or it significantly contributes to the ability to continue producing outputs and is considered unique or scarce or cannot be
  replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.
  When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and designation in
  accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation
  of embedded derivatives in host contracts by the acquiree.
  Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Contingent consideration
  classified as equity is not remeasured and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration classified as an asset
  or liability that is a financial instrument and within the scope of AASB 9 Financial Instruments , is measured at fair value with the changes in fair
  value recognised in the statement of profit or loss in accordance with AASB 9. Other contingent consideration that is not within the scope of AASB
  9 is measured at fair value at each reporting date with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.
(O) CONTRIBUTED EQUITY

  Ordinary shares are classified as equity.
  Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
  Where any group company purchases the Company's equity instruments, for example as the result of a share buy-back or a share-based payment
  plan, the consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the
  owners of Michael Hill International Limited as treasury shares until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where such ordinary shares are
  subsequently reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax
  effects, is included in equity attributable to the owners of Michael Hill International Limited.

(P) DIVIDENDS

  Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at the discretion of the entity, on or
  before the end of the reporting year but not distributed at the end of the reporting year.

(Q) EARNINGS PER SHARE

Basic earnings per share

  Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:
  • the profit attributable to owners of the Company, excluding any costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares
  • by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in
    ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding treasury shares (note F2).

Diluted earnings per share

  Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take into account:
  • the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares, and
  • the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding assuming the conversion of all
    dilutive potential ordinary shares (note F2).

(R) ROUNDING OF AMOUNTS AND COMPARATIVES

  The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Legislative Instrument 2016/191, relating to the 'rounding off' of amounts in the financial statements.
  Amounts in the financial statements have been rounded off in accordance with the instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or in certain cases,
  the nearest dollar.
  Some comparative amounts included within these financial statements have been reclassified, to allow greater transparency when comparing
  current period to prior period. The reclassification adjustments have had no impact on the prior period Profit Before Tax, Profit After Tax, or Net
  Assets.

(S) CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

  Several other amendments and interpretations apply for the first time from 1 July 2023, but do not have an impact on the consolidated financial
  statements of the Group. The Group has not early adopted any standards, interpretations or amendments that have been issued but are not yet
  effective.
  Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory or effective for the 30 June 2024 year end. The
  Group is in the process of determining the impact of these new standards and amendments, which are summarised below:

AASB 2020-1 Amendments to AASs - Classification of liabilities as current or non-current and AASB 2022-6 Amendment to AASs - Non-current
liabilities with covenants

  In January 2020, the AASB issued amendments to paragraphs 69 to 76 of AASB 101 to specify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current
  or non-current. The amendments clarify:
   • what is meant by a right to defer settlement;
  • that a right to defer settlement must exist at the end of the reporting period; and
   • that classification is unaffected by the likelihood that an entity will exercise its deferral right that only if an embedded derivative in a convertible
     liability is itself an equity instrument would the terms of a liability not impact its classification.
  The amendments were originally effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023, however the AASB has now issued
  AASB 2022-6 Amendments to AASs - Non-Current Liabilities with Covenants which has changed the effective date of AASB 2020-1 to annual
  reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024 and must be applied retrospectively. This means that it will be applied in the reporting
  period ending 30 June 2025.
  The amendments in AASB 2022-6 clarify:
  • that only covenants with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting date will affect a liability’s classification as current or non-
    current; and
  • specific situations in which an entity does not have a right to defer settlement for at least 12 months after the reporting date.
  The amendments in AASB 2022-6 also add presentation and disclosure requirements for non-current liabilities subject to compliance with future
  covenants within the next 12 months.
  The group is still assessing the impacts of the new disclosure requirements.
AASB 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements

  AASB 18 has been issued to improve how entities communicate in their financial statements, with particular focus on information about financial
  performance in the statement of profit or loss. The key presentation and disclosure requirements established by AASB 18 are:
  • the presentation of newly defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss;
  • the disclosure of management defined performance measures (MPM); and
  • enhanced requirements for grouping information (ie. aggregation and disaggregation).
  AASB 18 is accompanied with limited consequential amendments to the requirements in other accounting standards, including AASB 107
  Statement of Cash Flows .
  AASB 18 introduces three new categories for classification of all income and expenses in the statement of profit or loss: operating, investing and
  financing. Additionally, entities will be required to present subtotals for ‘operating profit or loss’, ‘profit or loss before financing and income taxes’
  and ‘profit or loss’.
  For the purpose of classifying income and expenses into one of the three new categories, entities will need to assess their main business activity,
  which will require judgement. There may be more than one main business activity.
  AASB 18 also requires several disclosures in relation to MPMs, such as how the measure is calculated, how it provides useful information and a
  reconciliation to the most comparable subtotal specified by AASB 18 or another standard.
  AASB 18 will replace AASB 101 Presentation of Financial Statements .
  The group is still assessing the impacts of the new disclosure requirements.
  There are no other standards that have been issued but are not yet effective and that are expected to have a material financial impact on the Group
  in the current or future reporting periods.

J2     SIGNIFICANT ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

Significant estimates and judgements

  The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, will seldom equal the actual results.
  Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the Group’s accounting policies. Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated
  and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
  circumstances. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
  liabilities within the next financial year are incorporated within the relevant note.
  The significant accounting judgements relate to the pattern of PCP revenue recognition (note A2) and accounting for the acquisition of Bevilles
  (note G2).
CONSOLIDATED ENTITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT

                                                                                               Bodies corporate                      Tax residency
                                                       Entity type         Trustee, Place formed or            % of share      Australian or          Foreign
Entity name                                                            Partner or JV   incorporated         capital held (i)        foreign       jurisdiction
                                                                         Participant
Michael Hill International Limited               Body corporate            No            Queensland             N/A            Australian          N/A
Durante Holdings Pty Ltd                         Body corporate      Yes - partner       Queensland             100%           Australian          N/A
MH Bespoke Diamonds AU Pty Ltd                   Body corporate            No            Queensland             100%           Australian          N/A
Michael Hill Franchise Pty Ltd                   Body corporate            No            Queensland             100%           Australian          N/A
Michael Hill Franchise Services Pty Ltd          Body corporate            No            Queensland             100%           Australian          N/A
Michael Hill Jeweller (Canada) Ltd               Body corporate            No              Canada               100%            Foreign          Canada
Michael Hill Charms Pty Ltd                      Body corporate            No            Queensland             100%           Australian          N/A
Fine Jewellery Retail AU Pty Ltd                 Body corporate            No            Queensland             100%           Australian          N/A
Medley Jewellery Pty Ltd                         Body corporate            No            Queensland             100%           Australian          N/A
Michael Hill Group Services Pty Ltd              Body corporate            No            Queensland             100%           Australian          N/A
Michael Hill Manufacturing Pty. Limited          Body corporate            No            Queensland             100%           Australian          N/A
Michael Hill Wholesale Pty Ltd                   Body corporate            No         New South Wales           100%           Australian          N/A
Michael Hill Jeweller (Australia) Pty Ltd        Body corporate      Yes - partner New South Wales              100%           Australian          N/A
Michael Hill Finance                             Partnership              N/A            Queensland             N/A            Australian          N/A
Michael Hill New Zealand Limited                 Body corporate            No           New Zealand             100%            Foreign        New Zealand
Michael Hill Jeweller Limited                    Body corporate            No           New Zealand             100%            Foreign        New Zealand
Michael Hill Finance (NZ) Limited                Body corporate            No           New Zealand             100%            Foreign        New Zealand
Emma & Roe NZ Limited                            Body corporate            No           New Zealand             100%            Foreign        New Zealand
MHJ (US) Limited                                 Body corporate            No           New Zealand             100%            Foreign        New Zealand
Michael Hill LLC                                 Body corporate            No           Delaware, US            100%            Foreign        Delaware, US
The above Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

  BASIS OF PREPARATION
  The consolidated entity disclosure statement has been prepared in accordance with subsection 295(3A)(a) of the Corporations Act 2001. The
  entities listed in the statement are Michael Hill International Limited and all the entities it controls in accordance with AASB 10 Consolidated
  Financial Statements .
  The percentage of share capital disclosed for bodies corporate included in the statement represents the economic interest consolidated in the
  consolidated financial statements controlled by Michael Hill International Limited either directly or indirectly.
  In relation to the tax residency information included in the statement, judgement may be required in the determination of residency of the entities
  listed.
DIRECTORS' DECLARATION
In the directors' opinion:
(a)   there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become
      due and payable;
(b)   the financial statements and notes of the Group for the financial year ended 30 June 2024, are in accordance with
      the Corporations Act 2001, including:
      (i)       complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory
                professional reporting requirements,
      (ii)      giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity's financial position as at 30 June 2024 and of its
                performance for the financial year ended on that date, and
      (iii)      the consolidated entity disclosure statement required by section 295(3A) of the Corporations Act is true
                and correct;
(c)   as at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the extended group
      identified in note H1 will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject to
      by virtue of the deed of cross guarantee described in note H2.
Note J1(A) confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board.
The directors have been given the declarations by the chief executive officer and chief financial officer required by
section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.
This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the directors.




R I Fyfe
Chair

Brisbane
30 August 2024
                                            Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 7 3011 3333
                                            111 Eagle Street                      Fax: +61 7 3011 3100
                                            Brisbane QLD 4000 Australia           ey.com/au
                                            GPO Box 7878 Brisbane QLD 4001




Independent auditor’s report to the members of
Michael Hill International Limited

Report on the audit of the financial report
Opinion
We have audited the financial report of Michael Hill International Limited (the Company) and its
subsidiaries (collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position
as at 30 June 2024 , the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
then ended, notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information, the
consolidated entity disclosure statement and the directors’ declaration.

In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations
Act 2001, including:

a.    Giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2024
      and of its consolidated financial performance for the year ended on that date; and
b.    Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the
financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
the Code.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion.

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide
a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit
addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
financial report section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit
included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the
procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
accompanying financial report.
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
Existence of inventories

 Why significant                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 As at 30 June 2024 the Group’s                             Our audit procedures included the following:
 inventories balance totals $196 million
                                                            ►    Attended a sample of stocktakes conducted at retail
 or 36% of the Group’s total assets.
                                                                 stores across Australia, New Zealand and Canada.
 Inventories are primarily kept in the                      ►    In addition to the retail stores, we attended the
 Group’s 300 retail stores located in                            stocktakes completed at each of the distribution
 Australia, New Zealand and Canada and                           and manufacturing centres in June 2024 prior to
 the distribution and manufacturing                              year end.
 centres. Inventories comprise a large                      ►    Tested the operating effectiveness of key controls
 number of physically small but high value                       relevant to the conduct of physical stocktakes, the
 items which are subject to                                      review and evaluation of inventory variances, and
 misappropriation and loss.                                      the approval of adjustments made to inventory
 The Group accounts for inventories in                           quantities.
 accordance with the policy disclosed in                    ►    At these stocktakes for the retail stores,
 Note J1(H) and further disclosure is                            distribution and manufacturing centres, we
 included in Note A4 of the financial                            observed compliance with the stocktake
 report.                                                         instructions (including the suspension of inventory
                                                                 movements during the stocktake process) and
 Inventory is considered a key audit
                                                                 selected a sample of items to re-count to assess the
 matter due to the nature, size and
                                                                 accuracy of the counts performed by the Group.
 geographic spread of locations where
 items are held.                                            ►    For each of the locations attended, and for a
                                                                 further representative sample of retail stores, we
                                                                 inspected that stocktakes had been conducted in
                                                                 accordance with Group policies, inventory variances
                                                                 identified had been reviewed and approved, and
                                                                 that the adjustments were accurately recorded.
                                                            ►    Where stocktakes were completed prior to the year
                                                                 end date, we performed an inventory movement
                                                                 analysis. On a sample basis we evidenced changes
                                                                 in inventory quantities to evaluate the movement of
                                                                 inventories between the stocktake date and year
                                                                 end date. For retail locations not attended at
                                                                 stocktake, we performed analytical procedures in
                                                                 relation to the year on year movements and further
                                                                 analysed where the year end balances were outside
                                                                 our set expectations.
                                                            ►    Obtained details of stock-in-transit at year end, as
                                                                 well as movements before and after year end date
                                                                 and assessed the risk of incorrect cut-off of
                                                                 inventory quantities at year end.
                                                            ►    Assessed the adequacy of the disclosures included
                                                                 in the Notes to the financial report.




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
Professional Care Plan (PCP) revenue recognition

 Why significant                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 The balance of the deferred PCP revenue                    Our audit procedures included the following:
 liability at 30 June 2024 was $66
                                                            ► Assessed the Group’s PCP revenue recognition
 million, and PCP revenue recognised in
                                                                accounting policies and compliance in accordance
 the consolidated statement of profit or
                                                                with the requirements of Australian Accounting
 loss and other comprehensive income for
                                                                Standards.
 the year ended 30 June 2024 was $33
                                                            ► Assessed the accuracy of the data used in the PCP
 million as disclosed in Note A2 of the
 financial report.                                              revenue estimation calculation and challenged the
                                                                reasonableness of the key judgements including:
 The recognition of PCP revenue involves                       ► Obtained details of the sales of PCP products to
 a significant degree of estimation in                              customers during the year, and on a sample
 determining the appropriate revenue                                basis, we vouched the cash receipts to bank
 recognition pattern for lifetime, 10 year                          statements and tested that the revenue was
 and 3 year plans offered to the Group’s                            appropriately deferred.
 customers. Under these plans, revenue is
                                                               ► Obtained details of the actual cleaning, repairs
 deferred on receipt of the payment from
                                                                    and resizing services during the year and tested
 the customer and recognised over time
                                                                    a sample of transactions to understand if
 in a manner that reflects the proportion
                                                                    repairs are accurately tagged to the associated
 of actual services used by customers
                                                                    PCP plan date.
 relative to the total amount of expected
                                                               ► Performed analysis over the historic repairs
 services to be provided under the PCPs.
                                                                    data, to determine whether the assumptions
 The estimation process for PCP revenue                             made by the Group were supportable, including
 is based on an analysis of actual services                         the length of the lookback period.
 (through historical cleaning, repairs and                  ► Tested the mathematical accuracy of the PCP
 re-sizing service data) performed under                        revenue estimation model and re-performed the
 these plans since inception, with                              Group’s calculation supporting the estimate relating
 management judgement applied to take                           to PCP revenue recognition.
 account of emerging trends in customer
                                                            ► Re-performed management’s sensitivity analysis
 behaviour, industry data and exceptional
                                                                over the assumptions using reasonable alternative
 circumstances.
                                                                scenarios to assess whether there would be a
 The result of the estimation process is                        material impact on revenue recognised in the year.
 reviewed by the Group on at least an                       ► Assessed the adequacy of disclosures included in
 annual basis. As circumstances change                          the Notes to the financial statements of PCP
 over time, the Group updates its                               revenue recorded and deferred at year-end and the
 measure of progress, and any                                   associated estimation uncertainty.
 adjustments are recognised as a
 cumulative catch up in revenue
 recognition (or reversal) in the current
 year results.
 Accordingly, this is considered a key
 audit matter.




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
Information other than the financial report and auditor’s report thereon
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Company’s 2024 annual report, but does not include the financial report
and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report
and our related assurance opinion.

In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of:

a.    The financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true and
      fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001; and
b.    The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct in accordance with the
      Corporations Act 2001; and
for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of:

i.    The financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true and
      fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
ii.   The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct and is free of misstatement,
      whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

►     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
      evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
      detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
      error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
      override of internal control.
►     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
      procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
      opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
►     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
      estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
►     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
      and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
      events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going
      concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in
      our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are
      inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
      to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
      cease to continue as a going concern.
►     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
      disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events
      in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
►     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
      business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are
      responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely
      responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions
taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated to the directors, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the financial report of the current year and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
Report on the audit of the Remuneration Report
Opinion on the Remuneration Report
We have audited the Remuneration Report included in the directors’ report for the year ended
30 June 2024.

In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Michael Hill International Limited for the year ended
30 June 2024, complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

Responsibilities
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
Remuneration Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in
accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




Ernst & Young




Kellie McKenzie
Partner
Brisbane
30 August 2024




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
