        IN T EGR AT E D
        AN NUAL R E PO RT
        201 9




our
view
today
goes      As thl continues to expand, delivering on our global
          growth strategy and forecast financial results, we are
          mindful that our business processes and activities must

on        adapt if the business is to continue to thrive in the next
          20 plus years.


forever   In this, our inaugural integrated report (IR), we explain
          why thl is committed to being a Future-Fit Business and
          how we are transforming the way we do things to ensure
          long term sustainable value is generated from the resources
          we rely on.
          Through balancing the expectations of today with the
          needs of the future, we foresee a bright and promising
          journey ahead.
          Come with us.


          02      The need to act                       54      Governance year in review
          04      Future-Fit Business
                                                        58      Divisional reports
          06      Year in review
                                                        58      - New Zealand
          08      Chairman's report                     59      - Australia
          12      CEO's report                          60      - USA
          18      What's a Future-Fit Business?         62      - Tourism
          22      thl at a glance                       63      - Equity investments
          24      How we create value
                                                        65      Directors' statement
          26      Driving results                       66      Financial statements
                                                        121     Independent auditor's report
          28      - Optimising our
                                                        126     Corporate governance
                    operational effiency
                                                        142     Board of Directors
          32      - Leading the way
                                                        143     Corporate information
                    with new ideas
          36      - Enabling our people to
                    develop, grow and be well
          40      - Respecting and embracing
                    our communities
          46      - Protecting and enhancing
                    our environment




          The Board acknowledges its responsibility to ensure the integrity of the IR.
          The Board has applied its mind to the IR and believes that it addresses all
          material issues, presents fairly the integrated performance of the organisation
          and its impacts in accordance with the principles set out in the International
          Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) Framework. The IR has been prepared
          according to the IIRC guidelines and IR recommendations by Wymond Symes,
          Consultant - Tauranga office, CATALYST® Ltd.
          The IR was approved by the Board on 26 August 2019 and is signed on its behalf by:
          Grant Webster – Chief Executive Officer
          Rob Campbell – Chairman
                   The need to act

                   Setting the scene with Professor Will Steffen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Welcome to the inaugural thl integrated
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            report. Two years ago we produced our first
                   July 2019 has gone in the books as the hottest                          Collective human action is required to steer the
                   month ever. This follows the hottest June in 140
                   years1 and is the latest in ‘hottest ever’ records.
                                                                                           Earth System away from a potential threshold
                                                                                           and stabilise it in a habitable interglacial-like state.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              sustainability report. We set some goals
                   Professor Will Steffen2, Emeritus Professor at the
                                                                                           Such action entails stewardship of the entire Earth
                                                                                           System - biosphere, climate, and societies - and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            and reported on what we knew at the time
                   Australian National University and Councillor at
                   the Climate Council of Australia, and his 15 co-
                                                                                           could include decarbonisation of the global
                                                                                           economy, enhancement of biosphere carbon                                                                                                                                                          from a sustainability perspective. We now
                   authors call it our road to “Hothouse Earth”3.                          sinks, behavioural changes, technological
                   The two figures below together give a pretty                            innovations, new governance arrangements,                                                                                                                                                       see how little we knew, how small the steps
                                                                                           and transformed social values.
                   compelling picture of the huge risks we face and
                   the fact that we are nowhere near having effective                      This is why we are ready to start our change
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               were that we were taking and how our
                   climate action yet. Climate science policy alone
                   has been failing, and as businesses we need to
                                                                                           more aggressively and we are doing something
                                                                                           different with our voice. This is what you can                                                                                                                                                     measurement criteria and methods were
                   step up.                                                                expect in our integrated report and our actions
                                                                                           going forward.                                                                                                                                                                                  only the beginning. There is little doubt that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           in another two years’ time we will look back
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              at this first integrated report and say the
                                                                                                                                 450
                                                                                                                                                                                      On track to lose 2/3
                                                                                                                                                                                      chance to keep
                                                                                                                                                                                      warming below +2.0C
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       3
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             same thing again - at least we hope we do,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           as we need to keep evolving our approach to


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Growth rate of C02 Concentration (ppm/year)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2.5




                                                                                           Atmospheric C02 concentration (ppm)
                                                                                                                                 425


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                how we work and what we stand for.
                                                                                                                                          Lost 2/3 chance to keep
                                                                                                                                 400      warming below +1.5C


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       1.5
                                                                                                                                 375                                                                                UN Paris
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    climate
                                                                                                                                                                                                Copenhagen          agreement


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Our intent is to become a Future-Fit Business
                                                                                                                                                                                                   climate          in force           1
                                                                                                                                 350
                                                                                                                                                                                                 conference
                                                                                                                                                                                 Kyoto
                                                                                                                                                                                Protocol
                                                                                                                                 325                                            enacted                                                0.5




                                                                                                                                 300
                                                                                                                                                                    1st IPCC Report     3rd IPCC Report    5th IPCC Report
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              (FFB)1. In this report, we will explain the
                                                                                                                                   1960      1970        1980          1990              2000             2010         2020     2030


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Future-Fit Business methodology, the criteria
                   Figure 1: This shows the "Hothouse Earth" trajectory figure - the       Figure 2: Shows the rise in atmospheric CO2 concentration from
                   so-called 'stability landscape' - that shows the Earth 'rolling down'
                   towards the planetary threshold.
                                                                                           1960 up to the present. It's obvious that the science-policy system
                                                                                           of big science reports and big international meetings has had no
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           and the positive impact we expect it to have
                                                                                           discernible effect on the atmospheric CO2 trajectory.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        on thl into the future.
                   1 accuweather.com/en/weather-news/new-data-reveals-just-how-hot-it-was-across-the-globe-in-july/70009006
                   2 climate.anu.edu.au/about-us/people/will-steffen
                   3 pnas.org/content/115/33/8252




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        1 For more information see futurefitbusiness.org




02   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     03
                                                                                                                                   "A Future-Fit Business is one which is expected
                                                                                                                                    to contribute to a Future-Fit Society. A Future-Fit
                                                                                                                                    Society protects the possibility that humans and
                                                                                                                                    other life will flourish on Earth by being
                                                                                                                                    environmentally restorative, socially just and
                                                                                                                                    economically inclusive."




        In simple terms, we see the FFB model as                   Connected to this approach, we are considering the              positive impact on the financial performance of the          What does all this mean in practice?
     measurement of a business from a broader perspective          widely-used six capitals framework to assessing the             business, we will make that call. But again, we will         Again, we are not fully formed in our assessment and
     than that which businesses have measured themselves           business and our performance. Again, this is a new              not use this as an excuse for short term negative            measurement of all 23 goals within the FFB framework.
     against historically.                                         initiative and we are learning along the way. This              performance. The decisions need to be clear, linked          Indeed, there are thousands of hours of work to be
                                                                   approach comes from the International Integrated                and purposeful.                                              done to accurately complete our assessments.
     Business has for too long prioritised short term private
                                                                   Reporting Council. There is a plethora of information                                                                        Therefore we don’t have a clear set of actions across
     profits and socialised many costs.                                                                                            For the climate change evangelists - there is a risk that,
                                                                   available online and we will not look to replicate that                                                                      the business - but to understand the concept of how
                                                                                                                                   because we are early in the journey, we may be accused
     A Future-Fit Business is one which is expected to             here. What we have found is that the combination of                                                                          it may change our thinking, we have considered some
                                                                                                                                   of empty rhetoric and greenwashing without substance
     contribute to a Future-Fit Society. A Future-Fit Society      these structured processes has allowed us to consider                                                                        possible examples. These are thought starters only that
                                                                                                                                   and enough action.
     protects the possibility that humans and other life will      a wider array of issues and opportunities that we hadn’t                                                                     we share as part of our objective of being transparent
     flourish on Earth by being environmentally restorative,       previously considered.                                          To those we would say – yes, this is a journey for us,       and enabling a broader discussion.
     socially just and economically inclusive.                                                                                     one where we are prepared to be part of the leadership
                                                                   Indeed, in hindsight, you could consider the approach
                                                                                                                                   group, but we are not prepared to isolate ourselves at       A hypothetical case regarding
     There are 23 Break-Even Goals; all of which we will           we have taken over the last few years as haphazard, at
                                                                                                                                   the expense of the business as a whole. We need to be        community impact
     measure ourselves against, reporting on our progress          the least, from a sustainability perspective. We have
                                                                                                                                   brave, but take our stakeholders on a journey with us.       There are issues in the Queenstown community
     and ensuring that we deliver to 100% of each (in time)        achieved a lot, we are doing the right thing in many
     - thus being Future-Fit. We see this as the minimum           areas; however, we haven’t been structured enough,              Just like every other commitment that we make, there         regarding the impact of tourism and the impact of
     that we should be doing - the base level before we start      with a clear enough end goal.                                   will be some areas in which we succeed and some              motorhomes has been a frequently discussed topic.
     pushing ourselves to deliver the “positive pursuits”,                                                                         where we fail - and hold us to account accordingly.          Historically, we have considered education of our
                                                                   The six capitals IIRC model defines the following                                                                            customer, education of the community and
     which take you beyond the measurement goals and                                                                               We have already failed on some of our goals - we have
                                                                   capitals (in no particular order) as follows:                                                                                management through digital means as some key
     where you can genuinely consider the business a net                                                                           not been able to enact the degree of change that we
     positive contributor.                                         > Financial                                                     desire in other parts of the supply chain. We are learning   actions. But, when considering how this looks through
                                                                                                                                   from that and challenging what else we can do. We are        the social capital lens, we can see that the inputs and
     This is where we should be in business, this is what          > Manufactured                                                                                                               outputs are heavily weighted to the negative. We have
                                                                                                                                   acting now and will continue to do so.
     we should be discussing and debating in an open               > Intellectual                                                                                                               not considered deeply enough how we really make a
     and inclusive manner.                                                                                                         Commitment to an appropriate return on funds                 difference in that capital. One possible way would be to
                                                                   > Human
     Internally within thl, we have had those discussions at                                                                       employed (ROFE)                                              consider the quantum of the input, i.e. how many
                                                                   > Social                                                                                                                     customers do we have that pick up in Queenstown and
     an executive and board level. We now need to broaden                                                                          As an organisation, the term ROFE is strongly
     that discussion with shareholders, crew, communities,         > Natural                                                       embedded in what we do. It is a very key metric for          travel into the town centre? Is that part of the impact?
     suppliers and others who link to, and invest in, thl.                                                                         the business, it has been a driver of long term business     The roads, the parking, the rubbish etc.? Should we be
     We are ready for those discussions and know that                                                                              performance and it enables us to remain confident            considering Queenstown as a hub for dispersal to other
                                                                   As we look at these capitals, we consider what inputs
     this will be a journey - one where we learn more, enact                                                                       that we are managing shareholder funds in a manner           locations and actively discouraging, or even banning,
                                                                   and outputs we have against each capital.
     successful strategies and inevitably have some failures                                                                       which ensures long term financial growth. The focus          our own vehicles from the town centre? We would note
     on the way. However, we will not stop - we will become        We have commenced changing the way we report and                on Future-Fit and integrated reporting will not change       this is not a position we have taken, but an example of
     Future-Fit.                                                   assess all these capitals internally, our board reporting       our ROFE target. We remain focused on achieving a            how the FFB and six capitals approach to the business
                                                                   is changing, our management reporting is changing               ROFE above our cost of capital. As costs of capital          enables a different lens for consideration.
     You have every right to ask, “what does this mean in          and all our capital requests are changing to assess new         change, our ROFE target may change accordingly.              In summary, we would note that this is, in an historical
     reality, will you see profits drop, will you be able to use   capital spend against all six capitals. This includes our
                                                                                                                                                                                                context, an unusual introduction to a report to
     this as an excuse, what will happen to dividends?”, and       fleet assessment.                                               We will always have some areas that don’t provide
     many more questions. We will be able to answer some                                                                           this return and some which exceed this return.               shareholders. We don’t apologise for that and we
     of those - and some we will not, yet. Indeed, one of the      A journey                                                                                                                    encourage a discussion.
                                                                                                                                   Those decisions to invest where we know we will not
     key points of our internal debate was whether we              We know this is a journey, we know we can’t change                                                                           The Annual Meeting this year will be our next key
                                                                                                                                   receive an above cost of capital return are considered
     should wait and establish our performance against             everything that we want overnight and we are very wary                                                                       communication point with shareholders. We will have
                                                                                                                                   on the basis that they either will in time or are critical
     every goal before we publicly announced this move,            of two risks with our approach.                                                                                              this item on the agenda for the meeting and we will be
                                                                                                                                   to the broader success of the business. The focus on
     should we have a clear definition of the exact                                                                                                                                             inviting comment and feedback from you - the ultimate
                                                                   For the sceptics - there is a risk that we are seen as “lefty   being an FFB may well challenge us with more requests
     investment required. We have chosen not to wait - to                                                                                                                                       owners of the company. Take the opportunity and
                                                                   or socialist”, without due mandate. Indeed, we could be         for capital or spend that has a low or sub-par ROFE.
     align our people, create engagement and ensure that                                                                                                                                        provide your feedback.
                                                                   accused of using this approach to business as an excuse         These will need to be “pre-financial” in nature and
     the way we look at our business is through this lens.
                                                                   for underperformance.                                           not an excuse for underperformance or poor
     As we gain greater definition we will, of course, share it,
                                                                                                                                   decision-making.
     along with our progress, success, failures and any            To those we would say that we will never use this as an
     impact on the financial performance of the business.          excuse for underperformance or poor decision-making.
     We firmly believe we can be both sustainable and              If we make a decision that affects one capital (financial)
     achieve returns above the norm, we can grow revenue           in the short term, for a larger benefit to another capital
     and reduce our global footprint and negative impacts          (natural), yet we know the decision will have a long term
                                                                                                                                                                                                Rob Campbell                    Grant Webster
     on the world around us.                                                                                                                                                                    Chairman                        CEO




04   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                     05
     Year in review                                                                                                                                   RECORD                               CHALLENGING                             GROWING
     As at 30 June 2019                                                                                                                            NEW ZEALAND                             USA VEHICLE                              GLOBAL
                                                                                                                                                   PERFORMANCE                                SALES                              CONNECTIVITY




                                                                                                                                                The New Zealand rentals           Without a doubt, the largest issue         We have launched the thl
                                                                                                                                             and sales business had a record        for the year was the significant       Connected Customer Brand
                                                                                                                                            year from a financial perspective,    fall in vehicle sales within the USA   globally - our way of connecting
     REVENUE                                                                           FINAL DIVIDEND1                                       with our highest ever EBIT and       market. This had an impact on the         all our brands’ customers to
                                                                                                                                           ROFE. In addition, we also reduced       total FY19 result for thl and has     more experiences, more often.




     $423M                                                                             14CPS
                                                                                                                                              the carbon emission footprint         consequential impacts in FY20.       In addition, we continue to work
                                                                                                                                             within this business, alongside                                               with Togo Group to grow the
                                                         -1%                                                                                       the financial result.                                                 digital offer that we have for our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         customers (renters and owners).



     (2018 - $426M)                                                                    (2018 - 14CPS)
                                                                                                                                                    23%                                  -34%                               144,000
                                                                                                                                                EBIT increase over FY18.                Number of units sold                    Current number of
                                                                                                                                                                                       down on the prior year.                connected customers
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            that we are engaged with

                                                                                                                                                   -21%
     OPERATING PROFIT BEFORE
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         globally for our rentals business.

                                                                                                                                                                                          -33%
     FINANCE COSTS AND TAX (EBIT)2                                                     TOTAL FLEET3




     $62.1M                                                                            6,413
                                                                                                                                                 Reduction in carbon
                                                                                                                                               emissions against baseline         Sales revenue down on prior year             Roadtrippers grew
                                                        -28%                                                                +12%                 (FY17 performance).                     for USA vehicle sales.             users by over 10% in FY19.



     (2018 - $86.6M)                                                                   (2018 - 5,731)
                                                                                                                                          By capital outcome
                                                                                                                                                OPTIMISING OUR                       LEADING THE WAY WITH NEW             ENABLING OUR PEOPLE TO
                                                                                                                                                OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCY               IDEAS AND TECHNOLOGIES               DEVELOP, GROW AND BE WELL

     NET PROFIT AFTER TAX (NPAT)2                                                      ORDINARY NPAT                                            HIGHLIGHT                            HIGHLIGHT                            HIGHLIGHT

                                                                                                                                                > Ten eRVs launched in our           > Launched thl Connected             > 300+ crew received leadership




     $29.8M                                                                            $27.9M
                                                                                                                                                  rental fleet in New Zealand          Customer Brand.                     training and a similar amount
                                                                                                                                                  in December 2018 and                                                     of specific skills training like
                                                          -52%                                                                     -26%           January 2019.                      > Live with a global member           service IQ and back of house
                                                                                                                                                                                       community of around                 training.
                                                                                                                                                LOWLIGHT                               144,000 travellers sharing
                                                                                                                                                                                       inspirational content, global      > Launch of GPS Navigator
                                                                                                                                                > eRV supplier constraints.                                                 enabling people
     (2018 - $62.4M)                                                                   (2018 - $37.5M)                                                                                 travel offers, and recognition
                                                                                                                                                                                       perks for repeat customers.          to connect globally.
                                                                                                                                                > Slower than expected
                                                                                                                                                  telematics roll out.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          LOWLIGHT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          > Four notifiable incidents
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            and lower than expected
                                                                                                                                                RESPECTING AND EMBRACING             PROTECTING AND ENHANCING
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            engagement score.
                                                                                                                                                OUR COMMUNITIES                      OUR ENVIRONMENT
     INVESTMENT IN TOGO GROUP5                                                         NET DEBT (AS AT 30 JUNE)4
                                                                                                                                                HIGHLIGHT                            HIGHLIGHT




     $12.8M                                                                            $202M
                                                                                                                                                > Three community impact             > Total thl operational emissions
                                                                                                                                   +2%            assessments.                         down 3.2% compared to FY18.
                                                                                                                                                > Very successful crowdfunding       > NZ down 21% vs baseline =
                                                                                                                                                  campaign in Australia                target reached five years ahead
                                                                                                                                                  in partnership with                  of time!
     (2018 - $2.7M)                                                                    (2018 - $199M)                                             StartSomeGood, leading to two
                                                                                                                                                                                     > In a likely first for a cave
                                                                                                                                                  great community-led projects.
                                                                                                                                                                                       experience of its scale, the
                                                                                                                                                > Launch of Tiaki Care for             Ruakuri Cave and Ruakuri
                                                                                                                                                  New Zealand.                         Visitor Centre is now entirely
                                                                                                                                                                                       off the grid and powered by
                                                                                                                                                                                       renewable energy.
     1 Fully imputed in 2018; 50% in 2019
                                                                                                                                                                                     LOWLIGHT
     2 EBIT and NPAT inclusive of non-recurring items
                                                                                                                                                                                     > Customer journey emissions up
     3 Year-end fleet quantity
                                                                                                                                                                                       in NZ and Australia compared
     4 Net debt includes $30M proceeds from CITIC placement received on 24 June 2019                                                                                                   to baseline year.
     5 Represents thl’s share of NPBT losses. FY18 includes Togo Group losses for the four month period from 1 March 2018




06   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                        07
                                                                                                                                      CHAIRMAN'S REPORT




                                                                                                                   "We are on a global growth journey in
                                                                                                                    a growing industry segment, with an
                                                                                                                   appropriate digital development arm."




                                         today
                                                                                Dear Shareholders                          If we don’t, we risk dismissing what      Deliver. There are no excuses for not
                                                                                                                           is working well and destroying the        enacting plans that have been agreed
                                                                                On behalf of the Board, I present the
                                                                                                                           culture which has enabled the             and are within our area of control.
                                                                                accounts for the 2019 financial year.
                                                                                                                           business to succeed in recent years.
                                                                                This commentary should be read in                                                    The numbers
                                                                                conjunction with the opening for our       In this regard we recognise that the



                                         and
                                                                                                                                                                     The NPAT result of $29.8M was down
                                                                                first integrated report.                   USA sales market is well down and
                                                                                                                                                                     on the headline number of $62.4M
                                                                                                                           all competitors are affected. We have
                                                                                In this report we take more than just                                                in FY18; that earlier result included
                                                                                                                           to anticipate better and react more
                                                                                a financial view of the performance of                                               the one-off gain of $24.3M associated
                                                                                                                           decisively. We also recognise that we
                                                                                the company. This letter is in sections,                                             with the creation of the Togo Group.
                                                                                                                           have chosen to invest in Togo Group
                                                                                which reflect a different approach to                                                Without that one-off gain, the result



                                         tomorrow
                                                                                                                           (formerly branded as TH2) for the
                                                                                the business. We are using the six                                                   was down 26% on the prior
                                                                                                                           future. This has short term costs
                                                                                capitals (IIRC) approach to guide the                                                corresponding period (pcp).
                                                                                                                           which we must control and which
                                                                                flow of the review.
                                                                                                                           will only be justified by results yet     The operating earnings before interest
                                                                                It is imperative that as thl commences     to come. There are businesses within      and tax (EBIT) for the 100%-owned
                                                                                its journey to be a Future-Fit Business    thl where we had record-breaking          thl businesses delivered a result of
                                                                                (FFB), we do not use the FFB initiative    financial results. In those we aim        $62.1M compared to $63.5M in FY18
                                                                                as an excuse for underperformance. If      still higher.                             excluding one-off gains. In the context
                                                                                we score an own-goal, we need to say                                                 of a major downturn in the US market,
                                                                                                                           The balance of these two positions
                                                                                so and be held to account accordingly;                                               a good result.
                                                                                                                           is well summarised in management’s
                                            "The Board is not satisfied with    if we are missing capability and don’t
                                                                                address that, the same applies; if we
                                                                                                                           mantra for the FY20 year.                 The business remains heavily invested
                                                                                                                                                                     in physical assets - mainly motorhomes
                                             the result for FY19. It is down    don’t move forward at a faster pace
                                                                                than the competition, the same
                                                                                                                           Don’t Stop.
                                                                                                                                                                     - across the globe. As such, the focus
                                                                                                                           Change.                                   on return on funds employed (ROFE)
                                             on the prior year and has          applies again.
                                                                                                                                                                     is still critical. With vehicle sales down
                                                                                                                           Deliver.
                                             ended a long run of growth         Our financial performance
                                                                                                                           Don’t stop refers to our broad
                                                                                                                                                                     on expectations, the business is
                                                                                                                                                                     holding more vehicles than planned
                                                                                The Board is not satisfied with the
                                             in profitability. thl has the      result for FY19. It is down on the prior
                                                                                                                           strategic direction. We are on a global   and, therefore, higher funds employed
                                                                                                                                                                     than it should have at year-end. As a
                                                                                                                           growth journey in a growing industry
                                             opportunity and responsibility     year and has ended a long run of
                                                                                growth in profitability. thl has the
                                                                                                                           segment, with an appropriate digital      result, ROFE was 12.9% compared to
                                                                                                                                                                     15.3% in FY18.
                                             to make further gains in profit.
                                                                                                                           development arm. It is important to
                                                                                opportunity and responsibility to
                                                                                                                           reflect and assess the strategy of the
                                                                                make further gains in profit. The ethos                                              Vehicle sales is the key issue
                                             The ethos is be better than        is be better than the rest and ensure
                                                                                                                           business when the market and results
                                                                                                                           change. We have done that and
                                                                                                                                                                     impacting the business performance.
                                                                                growth, taking external factors into                                                 This issue is covered in some detail
                                             the rest and ensure growth,        account but not as excuses.
                                                                                                                           reaffirm our direction as a company.
                                                                                                                           We won’t stop progressing.
                                                                                                                                                                     throughout the report. The total sales
                                                                                                                                                                     for the year were down 515 on the
                                             taking external factors into       To ensure the right approach to
                                                                                                                           Change where required. The USA            2,408 we sold in FY18. The situation
                                                                                strategy and planning it is, at the
                                             account but not as excuses."       same time, also important to put the
                                                                                                                           business is the area subject to the
                                                                                                                           most significant change in the
                                                                                                                                                                     is different in the separate markets.
                                                                                result in context of the current market
                                                                                                                           coming year (a process that
                                                                                conditions, compare it to industry
                                                                                                                           commenced months ago). Where
                                                                                peers and historical performance.
                                                                                                                           we are underperforming, we must
                                                                                                                           change, with speed and accuracy.




08   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                      09
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         “We have an opportunity to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        leverage what we do well to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ensure global growth in a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     genuinely sustainable manner.”




Manufacturing capital                      electric vehicles at prices that others   At the Annual Meeting, we will also         Our customers and staff engage with               Natural capital                           The FFB framework will guide us on
This capital focuses on the equipment      may struggle to match. We have a          be discussing how we may be able to         communities across the globe. That is             Historically, the key focus for           the measureable actions which will
and tools that we own and use. Within      reasonable number of LDV vehicles         further improve the assessment and          the nature of our business. They visit            sustainability efforts has linked to      ensure we are net contributors to
thl, the manufacturing of motorhomes       on fleet in New Zealand (including        skills of new and current directors in      far more locations than we have                   this capital. The impact of business      the environment.
is an obvious application; however,        10 electric vehicles) and they are        the future. In short, we think there        branches and, apart from Waitomo                  on the natural environment around
                                           performing well.                          needs to be a higher degree of              and Kiwi Experience, they are                                                               Where to next for thl?
we also consider our locations, other                                                                                                                                              us is profound.
assets and acquisitions where                                                        challenge and assessment of directors       essentially on their own - we have no                                                       We have an opportunity to leverage
                                           Human and intellectual capital            in all publicly listed companies and we     direct control over what they do and              From a thl perspective we have some       what we do well to ensure global
physical assets are the core.
                                           Within thl there is essentially           are willing to take a leadership position   when they do it. They are free and                clear goals to reduce carbon emissions,   growth in a genuinely sustainable
This year we commenced the first life      someone working in the business           in this regard. I will be making some       independent customers.                            as the largest single impact we see       manner.
cycle assessment of our motorhome          24/7, across the globe. We are a          proposals for discussion over the                                                             that needs addressing with urgency.
assets. We have not been able to                                                                                                 We have a responsibility to understand            This is where the greatest R&D effort     We monitor forward bookings
                                           diverse business and need to do more      coming year to give effect to this.
complete the assessment as planned                                                                                               what impact our customers have                    is being targeted. We have 10 electric    closely and maintain tight control
                                           to explicitly recognise that diversity.
in FY19, due to difficulties getting the                                             Our shareholders provide us with            on the community, and in FY19 we                  vehicles in New Zealand and other         on capital spend as we monitor
                                           For the first time, we have included
necessary quality of assessment data.                                                the financial capital we require to         commenced three community                         trial product, including repowering       vehicle sales. With the recent capital
                                           some more statistics on diversity
We have work to do with our supply                                                   proceed, but can also have a place as       impact assessments.                               and new build (eRVs) from a base          raise we are also confident that we
                                           within the report and we will use this
chain partners and we need to                                                        a human capital contribution. Our                                                             “glider” chassis (a cab and chassis       can continue to look for the right
                                           transparency to continue to improve                                                   From a government relations
improve the quality of information we                                                largest shareholder, HB Holdings Ltd,                                                         supplied with no engine or drive          kind of acquisitions while keeping
                                           our position.                                                                         perspective, we are still very
accumulate internally. We do know,                                                   a wholly owned subsidiary of CITIC                                                            train). Whilst we will continue to        prudent leverage.
                                                                                                                                 New Zealand-centric. We are engaged
from the work conducted, that we are       Governance                                Capital International Tourism Fund                                                            invest ourselves, we also need to
                                                                                                                                 with the government in a number                                                             The current core business
producing a high quality product in        The Board is a key part of the human      (CITIC), have now joined the Board                                                            maintain as much pressure as we
                                                                                                                                 of areas and we appreciate the                                                              performance (noting the current
New Zealand and Australia. We              capital of any business. Like all other   and we are confident they have                                                                realistically can within the supply
                                                                                                                                 opportunity to lend our experience                                                          USA issues), investment in Togo
produce to a high commercial grade         assets it must contribute net value.      networks that we can leverage and a                                                           chain to access product which
                                                                                                                                 and resource where we can. In the                                                           Group, the FFB initiative, the global
and extend the life of the product         This has to be reviewed regularly. We     commitment to thl’s growth strategy.                                                          meets our objectives. We aren’t an
                                                                                                                                 last year we were engaged in the                                                            growth strategy and ongoing focus
accordingly. We need to keep pushing       are proposing to make some changes                                                                                                      automotive vehicle manufacturer.
                                                                                     On behalf of the Board, I would like to     government working group on                                                                 on delivering an appropriate return
the USA suppliers, in particular, to       to enhance the net value added by
                                                                                     thank the thl team across the globe.        responsible camping, continued                    The Waitomo team do much to               to shareholders provide us with
match these efforts.                       the Board. We currently have eight
                                                                                     As with many operational businesses,        our work with NZTA on the visiting                protect and improve the natural           confidence in the future for thl.
                                           members, which is more than we
During the year Action Manufacturing                                                 we have challenges every day because        driver project and worked with                    environment in which we operate.
                                           require to be effective.                                                                                                                                                          I look forward to engaging in
acquired Fairfax Industries and                                                      things just don’t always go to plan;        government and industry teams on                  We have a comprehensive cave
                                                                                     we are human. The response of the           the development of the Tiaki Promise.                                                       conversation at the Annual Meeting
expanded the Hamilton operation,           It happens that Graeme Wong -                                                                                                           management plan, an external cave
                                                                                     thl crew to those challenges is to          The benefit of working in this manner                                                       in October.
taking on a new lease at adjacent          our longest serving Board Member -                                                                                                      advisory group and we engage closely
larger premises. This additional           will retire at the Annual Meeting in      be applauded.                               in New Zealand is that we are small               with the owners1 of the caves in which    Thank you to all those who have
capacity will create substantive           October. Graeme has served many                                                       enough that we can gain traction                  we operate. During the past year, the     supported the team and business
                                           roles whilst on the thl Board, since he   Social and relationship capital             and create a model which may be                                                             over the last 12 months.
synergies for the total business                                                                                                                                                   Waitomo team opened a new Ruakuri
moving forward.                            joined in 2007. I would like to thank     Social and relationship capital is          transferrable to other nations.                   visitor centre onsite at Ruakuri.
                                           Graeme for his contribution over          most closely related to supply chain        We have a number of examples                      With the Holden Family, we took the
Chassis procurement moving forward         many years and look forward to            relationships, community acceptance,        where we have had a small impact                  opportunity to explore solar power
will change and we will face some          acknowledging his contribution at         government relations, relationships         on the thinking of other jurisdictions,           for this site and cave. We understand
difficult issues as we determine the       the Annual Meeting. We will not           with competitors (e.g. coming               but it is a work in progress.                     this is the first New Zealand visitor
right mix of requirements under a          replace Graeme.                           together to develop industry                                                                  attraction of this scale to be solar
Future-Fit Business model. We are                                                    standards) and customer loyalty;
                                           To enhance value we have adapted                                                                                                        powered. We have also completed
confident that companies like                                                        commonly described as having a                                                                                                          Rob Campbell
                                           the manner in which the                                                                                                                 some fantastic pest eradication with
Mercedes, with whom we have a                                                        social licence to operate.                                                                                                              Chairman
                                           subcommittees operate - to create                                                                                                       the Department of Conservation in
strong relationship, are responding to
                                           greater engagement across the                                                                                                           the Ruakuri Scenic Reserve.
the requirements of the automotive
industry; yet the large China-based        management teams and enable
manufacturers producing products           directors with specific skills to
such as LDV are already producing          contribute more.

                                                                                                                                 1 The owners are:
                                                                                                                                   Ruakuri: The Holden Family Trust
                                                                                                                                   WGC: Ruapuha Uekaha Hapu Trust (RUHT) and the Department of Conservation
                                                                                                                                   Aranui: The Minister of Conservation
10   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                11
                                                                                                                CEO'S REPORT




                                                                                           "There are some key highlights for the
                                                                                           year - they reflect the hard work of the
       "We must as a team, stay focused                                                         crew over the last few years."
        on what we need to do differently.
        The ongoing renewal of our
        thinking and approach is the key.
        It is the hallmark of thl - and we
        are ready to change again as we
        need to."                                      The management team within thl              • We delivered a lot of technology          • Togo Group created a new
                                                       would agree with the comments from            development, and will have more             Australasian partnership, selling in
                                                       the Chairman and the Board regarding          in FY20. Of note, New Zealand and           our CamperMate and other related
                                                       the FY19 result. It was simply not good       Australia have a new fleet scheduling       businesses in NZ and AU to Outdoria.
                                                       enough; market conditions aside,              and management system, which has            As a result, Togo Group is the largest
                                                       we did not react to the vehicle sales         provided positive efficiencies within       shareholder of Outdoria, along with
                                                       market shortfalls in the USA strongly         both businesses.                            Discovery Holiday Parks, Gerry Ryan
                                                       enough, given how sustained the                                                           (owner of Jayco RV manufacturing
                                                                                                   • Customer metrics improved within
                                                       downturn in dealer sales, in particular,                                                  business) and the Marketplacer
                                                                                                     the business. We are at a point where
                                                       has been. We haven’t seen anyone                                                          technology company.
                                                                                                     we need to review all the channels
                                                       perform well in the last 12 months in
                                                                                                     from which we receive information         Capital raise
                                                       the USA RV market; however, again
                                                                                                     from customers and what we do
                                                       that’s no excuse.                                                                       This was the first capital raise of this
                                                                                                     with that information and how we
                                                                                                                                               nature for thl. The rationale was well
                                                       We must as a team, stay focused on            measure our performance more
                                                                                                                                               covered in the documentation at the
                                                       what we need to do differently, what          broadly than we do today.
                                                                                                                                               time; however, it is worth reiterating
                                                       we do well, and what we do that we
                                                                                                   • We have made strong progress              the key points and our views post the
                                                       must stop doing. The ongoing renewal
                                                                                                     from a sustainability perspective.        conclusion of the raise.
                                                       of our thinking and approach is the
                                                                                                     A highlight for the year was the
                                                       key. It is a hallmark of thl - and we are                                               The rationale was threefold. Firstly,
                                                                                                     opening of the new visitor office
                                                       ready to change again as we need to.                                                    we had a desire for the FY19 and FY20
                                                                                                     at the Ruakuri Cave. As part of that
                                                                                                                                               investments in Togo Group to be from
                                                       Within the result there are some key          project, our landlords wanted to
                                                                                                                                               equity. Secondly we have a number of
                                                       highlights for the year as well, which        work with us to achieve a 100% solar
                                                                                                                                               smaller M&A opportunities that we
                                                       we should celebrate - they reflect the        powered option at the caves. We



                                         don't stop.
                                                                                                                                               want to continue to explore with
                                                       hard work of the crew over the last           have achieved that for the visitor
                                                                                                                                               flexibility. And, thirdly, we wanted to
                                                       few years. Of particular note, the            centre and the operation of the
                                                                                                                                               ensure that we had a lower debt
                                                       New Zealand rentals and sales                 Ruakuri Cave. The next steps in our
                                                                                                                                               position, given the global economic
                                                       business had a superb result. The EBIT        journey are clear within the core of
                                                                                                                                               uncertainty. As at the 30 June balance
                                                       of $31.5M was 23% - up on the prior           this first integrated report.
                                                                                                                                               date, net debt was lower than forecast,



                                         change.
                                                       year (the FY18 result also had the
                                                                                                   • Within our joint venture manufacturing    as we had received the funds from the
                                                       benefit of the one-off gain of the
                                                                                                     business, we purchased Fairfax            $30M placement to CITIC. Our net
                                                       Lions’ tour included) and the business
                                                                                                     Industries in New Zealand - a long        debt:EBITDA ratio post the capital raise
                                                       reduced carbon emissions by 21%
                                                                                                     established market leader in the          is around 1.9x, however it moves monthly
                                                       against our benchmark base year.
                                                                                                     creation of refrigerated trailer units.   due to fleet purchases and sales.
                                                       The Australia and Waitomo businesses



                                         deliver.
                                                                                                     This acquisition will be very
                                                       also had record EBIT results. None of                                                   We were very pleased with the
                                                                                                     synergistic for the core rentals,
                                                       these results came from any one-off                                                     support we received for the capital
                                                                                                     vehicle sales and manufacturing
                                                       event or record growth in tourism                                                       raise and, in particular, the price
                                                                                                     businesses. Look out for a new RV
                                                       arrivals - they were delivered as a                                                     achieved within the shortfall book
                                                                                                     Super Centre at that Takanini site
                                                       result of good marketing, customer                                                      build (a $0.48 premium to the rights
                                                                                                     in FY20.
                                                       focus and operational cost control.                                                     offer price of $3.40 per share).
                                                                                                                                               Institutional investor support was
                                                       thl has, for many years, been a
                                                                                                                                               strong within the raise.
                                                       business that has a high level of
                                                       activity and work rate. The past
                                                       year is no exception.



12   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                    13
"As a company, we are very aware of
 the need to use shareholders’ funds
 effectively and ensure we optimise
 the capital structure of the business
 over the long term."




As a company, we are very aware of        stuck to those when the potential         USA review                                Togo Group                                which resonate with customers; to
the need to use shareholders’ funds       acquirer changed approach at what         The trading conditions and thl            You will have seen in this report that    receive the subscription fees we are
effectively and ensure we optimise        I would consider the last minute.                                                                                             targeting, we need more functionality      NPAT
                                                                                    performance within the USA market         we have rebranded TH2 as Togo Group.
the capital structure of the business                                                                                                                                   live and to deliver the product more


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   $29.8M
                                          Deals falling over after significant      has been the greatest area of concern     The change, led by our new CEO
over the long term. The net                                                         for the business in the last 12 months.   Danny Hest (commenced January             simply. The roadmap is clear; we just
                                          time and resource has been invested
debt:EBITDA ratio post capital raise                                                The business remains a primary area       2019), has already assisted in aligning   need to deliver.
                                          are difficult. Both the Board and
of around 1.6x is the lowest we have                                                of focus as we move into FY20.            internal teams and external channels
                                          management have a strong discipline                                                                                           FY19 financials
had it for some time; that is no excuse                                                                                       to market. Within the group, the
                                          on ensuring the appropriate financial     We have been detailed in our provision
for us to be lazy.                                                                                                            Mighway and Roadtrippers businesses       The NPAT of $29.8M was down
                                          disciplines are retained throughout       of information to you, as shareholders,                                                                                        ROFE
                                                                                                                              remain as individual brands, given the    on last year on a like-for-like basis.
We do not have a set target from          all stages of a transaction.              regarding our plans for improvement                                                 This was driven by the USA and is,


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   12.9%
a debt perspective, as we adjust                                                                                              place they hold in their respective
                                          Today we are still looking to convert     in the USA. We are currently on track                                               as mentioned, a primary focal point.
our position based on the returns                                                                                             markets and greater relevance to their
                                          on the pipeline of opportunities that     with the activity, which we directly                                                The ROFE for the group was 12.9%,
we achieve from the various                                                                                                   consumer segments.
                                          we have created globally. The focus       control. Fleet purchases for FY20                                                   compared to 15.3% in the prior year.
business units, our view on risk                                                    will be on track or lower than the        Roadtrippers has had a positive
                                          for business acquisitions is on our                                                                                           Again, the USA is where the decline
and growth opportunities. At this                                                   expected $23.8M we detailed in our        FY19 when comparing to our targets.
                                          existing markets, where we believe                                                                                            was most prevalent. We expect
point in time we remain consistent                                                  update. Two locations have been           User growth has been strong but,
                                          there may be synergistic opportunities,                                                                                       ROFE to improve this year, as we           Net debt
in our view that anywhere around                                                    publicly announced as closing and we      more pleasingly, the subscription
                                          and new markets such as Europe and                                                                                            have reduced the purchases of


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   $202M
2.0 times is acceptable, however                                                    are in the process of reviewing further   revenue generated from Roadtrippers
                                          Canada, where we know there is an                                                                                             fleet; we will be driving vehicle
we have the capacity to exceed                                                      sites, as indicated in the USA review.    Plus (the consumer paid version of
                                          existing motorhome rental market.                                                                                             sales hard and expect to generate
that for acquisitions and particular                                                Changes to teams and leadership           Roadtrippers), has exceeded our initial
                                          Whilst we see some opportunities                                                                                              strong operating cash flows from
growth initiatives.                                                                 roles are well underway. Our focus on     expectations. Long term success will
                                          within the New Zealand tourism                                                                                                the business.
Of note our dividend policy is            space, it is not an area of focus today   growing the international customer        come from an ongoing development
                                                                                    mix is working, with strong growth        of the core product offer, a strong       Net debt at 30 June was $202M.
unchanged.                                from an acquisition perspective.
                                                                                    in the 2019 calendar year high season     extension deeper in the RV or             This compares to the prior year end
                                          Acquiring global attraction activities
M&A activity                                                                        in particular within El Monte RV.         camping category and maintaining          figure of $199M; however, the $30M
                                          has not been a strategic option for
                                                                                                                              a value proposition to customers that     of funds from the CITIC placement
This time a year ago we were very         some time. We are comfortable             The results in the USA are not
                                                                                                                              ensures ongoing use and renewal of        had been received just before
clear to you, as shareholders, and        with the current tourism portfolio;       acceptable today and, indeed, the
                                                                                                                              membership from year to year.             year-end. The letter of credit facility
the market that we were focused           in particular, the Waitomo businesses.    FY20 result will be down on FY19,
                                                                                                                              Roadtrippers has a large customer         we have with Action Manufacturing
on growth - both organically and                                                    as we will be holding higher fleet
                                          Within the information provided for                                                 base and a strong product.                was $11M, compared to $16M last year,
through M&A activity. We prefer to                                                  numbers due to the much lower sales
                                          the capital raise, we also acknowledged                                                                                       which shows an improvement in the
keep shareholders aligned with the                                                  volumes in FY19. Accordingly, we are      Togo RV itself launched on time in
                                          China as a potential market from an                                                                                           level loading production capabilities
direction of the business, rather than                                              reducing fleet purchases in the USA       the USA during the year. The initial
                                          RV rental perspective. We would                                                                                               and debt facility management
create surprises. In the past year we                                               this year by US$40M, and are expecting    feedback and user numbers exceed
                                          reinforce our position that we see                                                                                            within Action.
had a number of possible transactions                                               to generate positive operating cash       expectations, however we didn’t
                                          any engagement in this market, at
that didn’t eventuate. Ultimately we                                                flow of approximately US$35M. We are      create the stickiness and depth of        Capital expenditure
                                          this point in time, would not involve
are clear that we made a choice to                                                  focused on whatever business model        engagement required. The product
                                          thl capital. We have remained in                                                                                              During the year we had capital
not execute the transactions due to                                                 changes we may need to make.              roadmap has been reviewed and Danny
                                          discussions with CITIC on how we                                                                                              expenditure of $197M. Nearly all of
pricing considerations. We know the                                                                                           has taken this team closely under his
                                          may be able to assist their efforts in    Road Bear RV and El Monte RV                                                        this is on fleet renewal and growth.
discipline that applies to ROFE for                                                                                           responsibilities to ensure success.
                                          this market. Whilst we see this as a      fleets are now interchangeable and                                                  This is down on the prior year figure of
fleet acquisitions needs to be applied
                                          positive opportunity in the future,       the support structures are moving         Overall we remain very committed to       $201M. The disappointing element of
in a similar manner to acquisitions.
                                          it is not expected to be a meaningful     closer and closer together.               the Togo Group. We have missed some       the year was the timing of the shortfall
Likewise, with the potential sale of      part of thl in the short term.                                                      development targets and the Togo          in sales in the USA. The sales decline
some of the tourism assets, we were                                                                                           product did not deliver to expectations   commenced just after we had placed
clear on our price expectations and                                                                                           in phase one; however, the size of the    our orders for the coming year and,
                                                                                                                              market opportunity hasn’t changed,        thus, we have been over-fleeted for a
                                                                                                                              there has been nothing concerning         longer period of time than we would
                                                                                                                              from a competitor standpoint and we       normally expect in such a situation.
                                                                                                                              know we are providing solutions



14   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                        15
                                         Had we anticipated the shortfall more      Forward bookings for the                   It is worth noting that Road Bear RV       It has been a record year in the
                                         astutely, or had it commenced two          New Zealand and Australian                 has achieved between 18-27% ROFE           largest part of the business, but a
Expected gross capital expenditure
in FY20                                  months earlier, we would have been         businesses remain positive compared        since we purchased the business in         very difficult year in the USA. We will
                                         able to adjust within FY19.                to the prior year. The first trading       2010. We have been able to do that         remain focused on delivering strong



$135M -
                                                                                    month of FY20 has been positive            with much lower fleet sales and peak       returns, growth and, importantly,
                                         This year we will see purchases decline
                                                                                    for both those businesses. The             rental fleet than we have today and        improvements in how we operate and
                                         as we adjust fleet, release capital and
                                                                                    recreational vehicle sales market          we are confident we have a business        position ourselves within the market.
                                         generate positive operating cash flow
                                                                                    in New Zealand appears consistent,         model that is sustainable in the long
                                         for the business (particularly from                                                                                              Finally, it is very important to


$145M
                                                                                    although we are seeing a slowing in        term. We can and will deliver those
                                         the USA). The expected gross capital                                                                                             acknowledge all the crew within thl.
                                                                                    the number of imported vehicles            kind of results again. The El Monte RV
                                         expenditure for the year is in the range                                                                                         We have a tough operational business
                                                                                    into this market, which we see as          business needs more work and
                                         of $135M to $145M.                                                                                                               that has had some good successes
                                                                                    positive. Although the vehicle sales       combining the two to a greater extent
                                                                                                                                                                          over the past few years.
                                                                                    market in Australia is tough, we are       will enable the cost leverage we need
                                         Dividends
                                                                                    well-positioned and believe that we        to succeed. With high season still not     I know there are many of the team
                                         As clearly indicated in previous public    are gaining share. We hear concerns        complete in the USA, and the key           who are disheartened by some of the
                                         statements, we have committed to           about declines in caravan sales in         booking seasons not yet upon us            results in the last year and I applaud
                                         a 14cps final dividend for the year        the market, which affects some of          for Australia and New Zealand, it is       the concern, but also know from the
                                         (50% imputed). The total dividend          our competitors. This is not seen as       inappropriate for us to release a target   past that the team is highly resilient
                                         of 27cps for the year is in line with      significant for our business and likely    NPAT range for FY20 at this point in       and are focused on delivering the
                                         the prior year, which was a record         reflective of the broader consumer         time. As with prior years, we will         changes required to improve. I also
                                         pay-out for thl. We have also noted        sentiment in the market.                   provide some more information at           congratulate those crew who have
                                         that in FY20 we will be considering                                                   the Annual Meeting in October.             been part of the businesses within thl
                                         the dividend pay-out, excluding the        Within the USA we have continued
                                                                                                                                                                          that have had record results. Indeed,
                                         investment in Togo Group. We believe       to see slow dealer sales for product.      More broadly, we are confident in
                                                                                                                                                                          thank you to all the team for the huge
                                         this makes sense, given the equity we      The rationale of dealers being             the medium and long term outlook
                                                                                                                                                                          efforts in FY19 and the preparations
                                         have raised for that business and the      overstocked should now be historical,      for the wider tourism industry and
                                                                                                                                                                          for the coming year.
                                         expectation that the business will         as we would expect dealers to have         specifically the RV industry. There
                                         provide significant returns in the         cleared excess inventory or they           are some macro-economic signals            I look forward to the Annual Meeting
                                         future; it is a deliberate investment,     would be facing serious cash flow          that suggest the short term could be       in October, where we will be able to
                                         not an existing business with              issues. We are aware of some cases         more challenging. Our position in the      provide more details on what we
                                         operating losses.                          where certain model types have             rental market remains positive, as is      expect next for thl.
                                                                                    been difficult to sell compared            our outlook.
                                         We will announce the FY20 interim          to prior years. There is, however,
                                         dividend in February 2020 with                                                        The internal activity level is very
                                                                                    a reduction in retail sales and this has
                                         our results release, as we have in                                                    high as we implement the FY20
                                                                                    been clear in the public information
                                         prior years.                                                                          plans including all the Future-Fit
                                                                                    from other RV stocks listed within
                                                                                                                               Business Goals.
                                                                                    the USA. The decline remains around
                                         Outlook
                                                                                    10-15%. What we know is that this
                                         There has been little change in
                                                                                                                               Summary
                                                                                    has created a situation where dealers                                                 Grant Webster
                                         our expectations or views on each          are operating much leaner inventory        We remain focused on growing
                                                                                                                                                                          CEO
                                         market since the information we            levels than they have in the past and,     globally and continuing to leverage
                                         provided with the capital raise in         in some cases, they are reducing           the resources we have to maximise
                                         June. The broader economic                 range. We have planned for this            competitive advantage and scale
                                         conditions from our perspective are        lower demand environment for               within our industry segment.
                                         uncertain; however, we are yet to see      wholesale sales in FY20. As previously
                                         those play out in any concerning           mentioned, we expect the USA results
                                         manner within the rentals business.        in FY20 to be down on FY19 as we
                                                                                    clear excess fleet.




16   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                              17
     What's a Future-Fit
     Business?
                                                                                     We agreed, and incorporated these
                                           At thl "being sustainable"                into the thl sustainability framework       The path to Future-Fit
                                           isn't just about following                of Protect, Respect and Grow.
                                                                                     We followed best practice, involved
                                           a trend. It has always                    our stakeholders in every step of                         Progress toward short
                                                                                                                                            term goals matters only
                                           been about being a                        the process through materiality
                                                                                                                                            if they contribute to the       3
                                                                                     assessments (available https://2018.
                                           responsible operator.                     thlsustainability.com/Stakeholders),
                                                                                                                                                right long term aims.
                                                                                                                                                                                               For the full story we must
                                           The question that                         completed baseline reviews and                                                                            assess progress toward and
                                                                                     audits, and set ourselves targets                                                                         beyond an extra-financial
                                           we have asked                             which were stretching and ambitious.
                                                                                                                                                                                               break-even point.
                                           ourselves from the
                                                                                     Whilst we were happy with the                                                       company
                                           beginning is, what                        progress, we also realised that society
                                                                                                                                                       1                   today                                       4
                                           defines a responsible                     and the environment needed more.
                                                                                     Not just iteration, but bold steps that          Assessing company
                                           tourism operator?                         lead us to becoming a business that          performance relative to
                                                                                     by virtue of its operation, does good.        a past year doesn't tell
                                                                                                                                                                                      A focus on best practice
                                           In 2014, when we started to weave         Through this process we discovered                us where its going.
                                                                                                                                                                                      by sector (e.g. current
                                           sustainability into our key strategies,   the Future-Fit Business Benchmark                                                      2         ratings) only drives a
                                           we asked our stakeholders what our        (futurefitbusiness.org).                                                                         race to be 'least bad'.
                                           focus should be. Their responses fell
                                                                                     Viewed through the Future-Fit
                                           broadly into these focus areas:
                                                                                     lens, our Protect, Respect and
                                           • Climate change.                         Grow framework gets a whole                     Past                                                                           Future
                                                                                     new meaning. ‘Growth’ becomes
                                           • Responsible travel including safe
                                                                                     synonymous, not just with increased
                                             driving and responsible camping.
                                                                                     profitability, but with increasing trust,
                                           • Embracing our communities.              greater equity, wellbeing and healthier
                                                                                     ecosystems where we operate. In this
                                           • Nurturing our crew.                     way, the more profitable we are, the        The thl path to Future-Fit
                                           • Shareholder satisfaction.               better it is for everyone. Not only for
                                                                                     our shareholders, but for society as
                                                                                     a whole.
                                                                                                                                                                           2019
                                                                                                                                                                     WTTC awards1
                                                                                                                                                                  finalist – compared
                                                                                                                                                                    to other tourism
                                                                                                                                                                       businesses




                                                                                                                                                                                                                       thl
                                         "From ending poverty and reducing inequality to                                                 Targets                            thl
                                                                                                                                         against                          global                                      100%
                                          tackling climate change and working to preserve                                              baseline 2016                    operations                                  Future-Fit
                                          our oceans and forests, humanity faces a number of
                                          global challenges. Today, investors are realising that
                                          companies have the power to address these critical
                                          challenges, but bold action must be taken."
                                         Hermes Investment Management Quarterly Impact Report Q4 2018                                                                  2019/2020
                                         hermes-investment.com                                                                                                        community
                                                                                                                                                                    partnerships to
                                                                                                                                                                     create shared
                                                                                                                                                                         value




                                                                                                                                 1 wttc.org/tourism-for-tomorrow-awards/winners-and-finalists/winners-and-finalists-2019#tourism-holdings-limited




18   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                              19
     The 23 Break-Even Goals                                                                                                            Our progress so far
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        thl's current positioning
                                                                                                                                           FY20 will be used to do a full, in depth assessment per business             against the 23 Future-FIt
     The Future-Fit Business Benchmark is a science-based tool                                                                                                                                                          Break-Even Goals
                                                                                                                                           unit following the scientific indicators and data measure, to give
     that underlies this philosophy and helps us pursue the vision.                                                                        an exact indication per goal of where we stand and how far we
     All businesses must at least Break-Even to ensure that they are                                                                       have to go. Although, right now, we don't have all the data we
                                                                                                                                           need to make a complete assessment, indications currently                    2 goals: already on course to
     in no way slowing down society's transition to Future-Fitness.                                                                        show we are around 30-40% along on our journey.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        reaching Future-Fitness

                                                                                                                                           For thl this only reinforces the need for urgent action. We have to
     Every Break-Even Goal has a clear set of indicators to measure, manage, and explain                                                   improve by over 60% to become Future-Fit. There is nothing as                14 goals: minor action is needed to
     its progress. Beyond Break-Even (or cause no harm), a business should seek to be a                                                    inspiring as some real constraints and stretch goals - so we have            get on the path to Future-Fitness
     force for good in the world. The Benchmark provides 24 Positive Pursuit Goals as well,                                                started our journey and are looking at what these goals could
     which work in a similar way and act to speed up society’s transition to Future-Fitness.                                               mean for us specifically.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        4 goals: more significant action
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        may be required


                                                       FF09 Community health                                                                                                                                            3 goals: major action is needed,
                                                       is safeguarded                                                                                                                                                   perhaps over several years
                                                       FF20 Business is
                                                       conducted ethically
                                                       FF21 Right taxes are paid
                                                       in the right place at the
                                                       right time                                           FF15 Product
                                                       FF22 Lobbying and                                    communications are
                                                                                                            honest, ethical and         Energy                                   Waste                                  Measure effectiveness of
                                                       influence safeguard the
       FF01 Energy is from                                                                                  promote responsible use                                                                                     processes to address crew concerns
                                                       pursuit of Future-Fitness                                                        Installing solar at our branches,        Waste audit and waste reduction
       renewable sources                                                                                                                                                                                                are actively solicited, impartially
                                                       FF23 Financial assets                                FF16 Product concerns       or changing power suppliers to           plans until all operational waste      judged and transparently addressed.
       FF02 Water use is                               safeguard the pursuit                                are actively solicited,     those with greener sourcing.             is eliminated.
       environmentally                                 of Future-Fitness                                    impartially judged, and                                                                                     Marketing review of all product
       responsible and socially                                                                             transparently addressed                                              Implement circular thinking in         communications against FFBB
       equitable                                                                                                                                                                 our product design so 100% can
                                                                                                            FF17 Products do not        Water                                                                           criteria to ensure they are honest,
       FF03 Natural resources                                                                               harm people or the                                                   be repurposed.                         ethical, and promote responsible use.
       are managed to respect                                                                               environment                 Install watertanks, investigate
       the welfare of ecosystems,                                                                                                       and adapt where our water comes                                                 Review product concerns
                                                                                                            FF18 Products emit
       people, and animals
                                                                                                            no GHGs
                                                                                                                                        from and our discharge goes to.         Physical presence                       mechanisms per user group against
       FF04 Procurement                                            Environment                                                                                                  Site reviews for all operations to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Future-Fit criteria.
                                                                                                            FF19 Products can be
       safeguards pursuit of
                                                                                                            repurposed                  Natural resources                       list and plan local communities
       Future-Fitness
                                                                                                                                                                                and natural ecosystems that are         Drivers
                                                                                                                                        Continue our Waitomo Caves              likely to be affected by our
                                                                                                                                        management plan and actions             presence and activities.                Implementing supply chain hot spot
                                                                                                                                        to restore biodiversity.                                                        assessment processes safeguards
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        the pursuit of Future-Fitness.
                                                                                                                                                                                People
                                                                        Society                                                         Pollution                                                                       Fully roll out code of ethics training
                                         G                                                                                                                                      Implement mechanisms to                 to all crew and add to yearly review.
                                                                                                                                        Site reviews for all workplaces         pre-empt, identify, assess and
                                             ,s                     Communities                                                                                                                                         Audit certification that right tax
                                           ds                                                                                           to list and plan removal of             manage community concerns.
                                         oo                                                                                             operational emissions resulting         Example: Branch Managers attend         is paid in the right place at the
                                             er                                                        te                               from substances used or created         monthly local community meetings.       right time.
                                                   s                                               w
                                              vice                                                  as                                  by our operations. Example:
                                                                                                  ts                                    replace our cleaning chemicals.         Continue to implement global            Implement lobbying policy and
                                                  &                                                                                                                                                                     controls according to the FFBB.
                                                          s                                  uc                                                                                 processes for physical safety in
                                                       re             Company              Pr                                           Eliminate all greenhouse gases          the workplace, mental wellbeing,
                                                              es                             od                                         that are produced by in-house           physical activity, nutrition, smoking
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Adopt a Future-Fit investment policy
                                                            rc                                                                                                                                                          and screen assets against this.
                                                         ou                                                                             activities and our energy               and support for lost time.
                                             Supply                                                Sales                                consumption. Example: remove
                                              chain                                                chain                                diesel/oil heaters.                     Review the transition to FFBB
                                                                     Employees                                                                                                  living wage per location in
                                                                                                                                        Redesign all our vehicles to use        preparation for a move towards
                                                                                                                                        electricity instead. Example: eVolve.   this goal.
                                                                                                                                        In depth reviews of all the products    Assessment of global employment

                                                                             Operational
                                                                                                                                        and services we sell to ensure none     terms, including working hours,
                                                                                                                                        of the materials used cause harm        holiday and parental leave.
        FF10 Employee health                                                                                                            to people or the environment.

                                                                              presence
        is safeguarded
                                                                                                            FF05 Operational            Example: replace all our brakepads      Anti-discrimination awareness
        FF11 Paid at least a                                                                                emissions do not harm       with low copper.                        through internal training roll out +
        living wage                                                                                         people or the environment                                           review of at risk groups.
        FF12 Subject to fair                                                                                FF06 Operations emit no
        employment terms                                                                                    GHGs
                                                                                                                                         Between May and July we have incorporated these goals as assessment
        FF13 Not subject to                                                                                 FF07 Operational waste
                                                                                                                                         points in our new business plans. From FY20 Future-Fit Indicators will be a
        discrimination                                                                                      is eliminated
                                                                                                                                         consideration in our monthly reporting. Whilst we are working to prioritise
        FF14 Employee concerns                                                                              FF08 Operations do not
                                                                                                                                         the implementation of the goals, it also means that from now on we will
        are actively solicited,                                                                             encroach on ecosystems
        impartially judged, and                                                                             or communities               consider the 23 Break-Even Goals against all new initiatives.
        transparently addressed




20   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                           21
     thl at a glance
                                                                                         UK
                                                                                         Equity Investments:




                                                                                                ~90
                                                                                                employees
                                                                                                                                            Japan
     Total customer experiences delivered in FY19
                                                                                                ~330                                        Franchise Operation
                                                                                                vehicles                                    Brand:

                                                                                                4,000
                                                                                                customer experiences
                                                                                                delivered


                  USA
                   Brands:

                                                                                                               Southern Africa
                                                                                                               Franchise Operation

                                                                                                               Brands:
                                                                                                                                                            New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                             Brands:




                           ~400
                           employees


                           2,440
                           vehicles

                                                                                                               Australia
                           60 million                                                                                                                        Equity Investments:
                           kilometres travelled                                                                Brands:



                           102,000
                           customer experiences
                           delivered
                                                                                                                                                                    ~900
                                                                                                                                                                    employees


                                                                                                                     ~150                                           2,332
                                                                                                                     employees                                      vehicles


                                                                                                                     1,641                                          716,000
                                                                                                                     vehicles                                       customer experiences
                              Brands:                                                                                                                               delivered

                                                    ~160                                                             74 million
                                                    Employees
                                                                                                                     kilometres travelled                           94 million
                                                                                                                                                                    kilometres travelled
                                                                                                                     74,000
                                                    7.5 million+                                                     customer experiences
                                                                                                                     delivered
                                                                                                                                                                    21,455
                                                    Customers reached                                                                                               tours taken
                              Outdoria Group
                                                    NB: Totals include Outdoria Group.




22   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                     23
     How we
     create value
                                                                                                                                                   PURPOSE                                                OUR VALUES


                                                                                                                               Creating unforgettable holidays                               Be the best – Be curious –
                                                                                                                                                                                        We care everyday – Do the right thing


     Our definition                                               Inputs to create value                                                         Our business                                Outcomes and impacts
     of ‘value creation’
                                                                                                                               SEGMENT SPECIFICATION DEMAND GENERATION
     thl is focused on establishing itself as global leader
     in the RV ecosystem. Last year we introduced our
     business model, ‘the sum of our parts’. This year        FINANCIAL                                                                                                                    SATISFYING OUR SHAREHOLDER VALUE
     we put this into the six capitals context and we ask
                                                              Our access to capital and capital expenditure.                      ENGAGING NEW TRAVELLERS:                                 We generate sustainable, profitable shareholder
     ourselves ‘what capitals do we use to create value,
                                                              See financial statements for more detail.                                                                                    value and financial stability. We provide dividends to
     and what are the impacts of our activities on those?                                                                                         • DIRECT                                 shareholders and target business value growth.
     How can we create value across all?’
                                                              MANUFACTURED                                                                        • WEB AGENTS                             OPTIMISING OUR OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCY
     With this updated view, we want to show the inputs
     that we have taken for granted in our business           Our RV build, buses, roads and other infrastructure                                 • TRADE                                  We create an optimised RV-centric ecosystem including
     model and we aim to share how the tangible and           needed to create a customer journey; the buildings                                                                           innovation in RVs and other vehicle builds, like
     intangible assets help create and impact on value for    we operate from, and the technology we build and                                                                             ambulances. We implement, maintain and innovate
     thl and the wider system in which we operate. It will    use to drive efficiency.                                                                                                     infrastructure in and around the caves, branch locations
     also show the current negative sides of our choices,                                                                                                                                  and the operational spaces around it. We create new
                                                                                                                                                   CORE SYSTEM
     where we are reducing value because of the way                                                                                                                                        technology that improves RV experiences.
     we operate. Our move to Future-Fit will help with        INTELLECTUAL
     defining this and turning these impacts around.          Our expertise in being a global RV operator, R&D,                                                                            LEADING THE WAY WITH NEW IDEAS AND TECHNOLOGIES
                                                              innovation and continuous training to increase
                                                                                                                                                                                           IP like the eRV and new materials that we have used


                                                                                                                                                                          PROPRIETARY
                                                              knowledge around the globe, data science and
                                                                                                                                                                                           to make it more lightweight. The design IP for RV and




                                                                                                                                     BUILD/BUY
                                                              improved reporting, governance and policy
                                                                                                                                                                                           our digital IP from Togo Fleet, Togo Insights, Power


                                                                                                                      ACCESS
                                                              frameworks, SOPs and life cycle assessment project.

                                                                                                                                                    RENT     SELL
                                                                                                                                                                                           BI reporting, data science, analysis and insights and
                                                                                                                                                                    P2P                    integrated strategy.


                                                                                                                                                                          EXPERIENCES
                                                              HUMAN
                                                                                                                                                                                           ENABLING OUR PEOPLE TO DEVELOP, GROW AND BE WELL
                                                              Leadership development, our crew‘s time and effort;
                                                                                                                                                                                           A highly skilled and engaged workforce, a safe working
                                                              talent acquisition, development, retention.
                                                                                                                                                                                           environment. We give crew who work for us a chance to
                                                                                                                                                                                           add to their experiences and knowledge, but also take
                                                              SOCIAL                                                                                                                       away through stress, inflexible work hours (for a part of
                                                                                                                                                                                           our crew). We are employer of choice in Australia.
                                                              Our collaborative stakeholder relationships,
                                                              including industry, regulatory, Iwi, crew, community                                                                         RESPECTING AND EMBRACING OUR COMMUNITIES
                                                              and supply chain.
                                                                                                                                                                                           Collective agreements with organised labour, positive
                                                                                                                                ENHANCE TECHNOLOGIES WITH TOGO GROUP                       and negative impact on communities and supply
                                                              NATURAL                                                                                                                      chain, like other tourism businesses and overall
                                                                                                                                                                                           industry. Being part of the leadership group for the
                                                              We rely on natural capital to create experiences that
                                                              people travel with us for. Waitomo Glowworm Caves
                                                                                                                                ENHANCING THE thl STANDARD                                 Tiaki Promise.

                                                              specifically in regards to biodiversity. We rely on
                                                                                                                                                                                           PROTECTING AND ENHANCING OUR ENVIRONMENT
                                                              water, air and land to be able to operate.
                                                                                                                                                                                           Negative climate impact due to our customer journey
                                                                                                                                                                                           emissions. Impacts on landscapes and ecosystems as
                                                                                                                                                                                           operations are not neutral in regards to waste, water
                                                                                                                                                                                           use and power. Positive through beach clean-ups
                                                                                                                                                                                           with Kiwi Experience, planting trees in Waitomo and
                                                                                                                                                                                           maintaining health of glowworms in Waitomo.




24   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                 25
                                                         results


                                         Future-Fit Business success begins with
                                         an idea. That idea gathers momentum
                                         to become a strategic goal, which in turn
                                         galvanises our collective will as a business.
                                         At thl, we’ve reached that point; we’re
                                         energised to be a force for good.
                                         As we progress to Future-Fitness, we
                                         must hold ourselves to account; break
                                         down our goals into actionable steps; be
                                         clear about what we want to achieve and
                                         how we measure it; and then ‘do’. Only by
                                         committing to specific, definable Future-
                                         Fit actions can we chart our progress and
                                         measure our success.
                                         Here’s how that looks for us so far.




26   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                   27
                                                                                                                                                                                          STRATEGY TOWARDS THE GOALS
                                                                                                                           How we are performing
                                                                                                                           In FY19 we delivered the following:                             Drive the eRV programme
                                                                                                                           • We successfully introduced 10 electric Britz eVolve           We are committed to our long term global goal of
                                                                                                                             motorhomes into our fleet this summer. We now have            offering zero emission experiences for our customers
                                                                                                                             the critical insights we need to guide decision-making        whilst travelling with us. We will continue to assess
                                                                                                                             for electric vehicle product development, operations,         and evaluate alternatives to a fossil fuel-based fleet
                                                                                                                             retail sales and marketing. Our future fleet looks            to achieve this goal.
                                                                                                                             exciting. We are just starting - there is more to do.
                                                                                                                                                                                           Whilst we are limited by suppliers to some degree,
                                                                                                                           • We learned that our eRV ambitions are ahead of our            we will push where we can.
                                                                                                                             suppliers and we are dependent on them providing
                                                                                                                             us with the electric chassis needed to make our goals.        Utilise technology to support growth
                                                                                                                             We added conditions in last year’s RFP, and are trying
                                                                                                                                                                                           Technology continues to be a strong focus area for our

Optimising
                                                                                                                             to push ahead as fast as we can but, in the end, we
                                                                                                                             cannot do this if the RV ecosystem has not caught up.         diverse operations, it supports our growth and helps thl
                                                                                                                                                                                           to be more efficient, enabling us to provide a seamless
                                                                                                                           • Togo Group has successfully implemented its first             and consistent customer experience. We will also

our operational                                                                                                              fleet modules into our operations. The beta version
                                                                                                                             of the Togo RV Companion application was released
                                                                                                                             as planned.
                                                                                                                                                                                           continue to utilise technology to drive down our overall
                                                                                                                                                                                           emissions, promoting more responsible and safer travel.


efficiency                                                                                                                 • The implementation of telematics in New Zealand
                                                                                                                             is on track to be completed in 2020.
                                                                                                                           • The implementation of telematics in USA is planned
                                                                                                                             to be completed in FY21.




Optimal operational                      We introduced the world’s first 100%
                                         electric motorhome to our NZ fleet,         By investing in our manufactured
efficiency is just good                  Ruakuri Caves became solar powered,         capital we will commit positively
                                                                                                                           CASE STUDY
business for thl - good                  and we created a new way for our crew       to achieving these Future-Fit
                                         to connect across the globe.                Business and Sustainable
business creates value                                                               Development Goals:                    Togo Group - a partnership
                                         Goals (short/medium term)
and positions us to be
                                         The goals from FY19 that will have
                                                                                                                           that advances the entire
able to take advantage                   an ongoing impact on operational            • FF04 Procurement safeguards         RV industry
of global opportunity,                   efficiency are:                               the pursuit of Future-Fitness.
                                                                                     • FF05 Operational emissions do not
while thinking and                       • The implementation of telematics
                                                                                       harm people or the environment.     The hub of our technology strategy is Togo Group,
                                           in New Zealand by 2020.
acting with responsibility                                                           • FF07 Operational waste
                                                                                                                           a US-based joint venture with the world’s largest RV
                                         • The implementation of telematics                                                manufacturer, Thor Industries. The 50:50 deal was
and being mindful to                       in USA to be completed in FY20.
                                                                                       is eliminated.
                                                                                                                           announced in February 2018.
                                                                                     • FF17 Products do not harm
minimise impact on                       • 5% of vehicles in our motorhome             people or the environment.          Togo is a platform play for a variety of digital assets from
all local environments.                    fleet to be low emission by 2020.                                               thl and Thor. The project has more than 60 developers
                                                                                     • FF18 Products emit no
                                                                                                                           on board.
We call this our                         • Develop Togo Group into a globally          greenhouse gases.
                                           successful set of businesses and be the   • FF19 Products can be repurposed.
                                                                                                                           Togo Group will bring the full benefit of digital
manufactured capital.                      digital platform for the RV industry.                                           connectivity to RV owners and self-drive customers
                                                                                     • FF23 Financial assets safeguard     around the world. Focused on enhancing enjoyment
                                         In addition, for FY20 we have                 the pursuit of Future-Fitness.
So we innovate, we think differently                                                                                       and safety of RV enthusiasts, this innovative and
and we ask, “how could this be better;   committed to:                                                                     comprehensive platform will improve every aspect
for the business, for the community      • Implement Togo Fleet globally in 2021.                                          of RV ownership.
and for the planet?”.
                                         • Maximise the Dynamics 365                                                       How? This year Togo Group launched Togo, an app
Then we act - we build better RVs,         functionality across the group                                                  designed to serve as a companion to RV owners.
but we are only just starting (and         in 2020.                                                                        Togo tracks maintenance, keeps service records, and
other vehicles, such as ambulances),                                                                                       sends notifications when it’s time for maintenance,
we improve our infrastructure and        • Review motorhome build and                                                      among other helpful features. It has only just begun.
enhance our connectivity and               all other products with Future-Fit
                                           Break-Even Goals in mind.                                                       Additionally, it functions as an integrated link to Togo
connected-ness to our travellers.
                                                                                                                           Group’s trip planning tool, Roadtrippers, as well as
So it is that this year we integrated    • Design and build our new                                                        providing handy checklists for the next time a user
lightweight sustainable materials          Queenstown site in line with                                                    hits the road.
into our campervan designs and new         Future-Fit Break-Even Goals.
                                                                                                                           Togo was built as a companion for anyone who owns
scheduling technology was rolled out     Through our commitment to Future-Fit                                              an RV.
across Australia and New Zealand.        Business Goals, thl will continue to
                                         innovate with products and processes                                              Our game-changing Togo Group partnership gives us
                                         that cause no harm.                                                               the tools to revolutionise our customers’ experience.




28   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                              29
                                                                                   “New Zealand is doing really
                                                                                    well, every 70km on 90% of
                                                                                    the highway network you can
                                                                                    find a fast-charger. And with
                                                                                    this I can fully charge the car
                                                                                    in two hours. The first two days
                                                                                    of driving the Britz EV camper
                                                                                    have been a joy. The range of
                                                                                    120km is plenty to make it from
                                                                                    fast-charger to fast-charger,
                                                                                    almost every 70km there is one,
                                                                                    which is really good! I have not
                                                                                    experienced this density in any
                                                                                    country I've been to before.”
                                                                                   Wiebe Wakker – Plug Me In

CASE STUDY

Welcoming                                                                                           Wiebe Wakker is travelling the
                                                                                                    world by electric vehicle. His Plug
                                                                                                    Me In quest is a purpose-driven
100% electric                                                                                       adventure with the aim to inspire,

to our RV fleet
                                                                                                    educate and accelerate the
                                                                                                    transition to a zero carbon future.
                                                                                                    plugmeinproject.com.


During FY19, thl introduced 10 electric    charging sites into the thl version
motorhomes to the New Zealand fleet.       of CamperMate, which is available
Called the Britz eVolve, this 2-berth      on mobile devices.
motorhome is 100% electric powered
                                           Our itineraries promote a more
and comes with pre-curated itineraries
                                           localised experience and are curated
and a mobile application with electric
                                           in conjunction with local communities
vehicle (eRV) charging station
                                           and tourism partners, unlocking ‘off
locations. The Britz eVolve is available
                                           the beaten track’ opportunities for
from our Mangere and Queenstown
                                           customers to experience the people
branches.
                                           and places of New Zealand.
By far the biggest concern for our
                                           This initiative has given us a deep
travellers with a 100% electric RV is
                                           understanding of the global EV
‘range anxiety’ - ‘Where do I charge?
                                           ecosystem. It has allowed us to
How do I know I have enough range
                                           develop a deliberate and thoughtful
to travel?’. These are valid concerns as
                                           model to assess why, how, and when
the development of charging facilities
                                           to explore future eRV opportunities
and EV infrastructure scrambles to
                                           going forward.
keeps pace with the demand for
electric-powered road travel.              The knowledge we’ve acquired allows
                                           us to consider the fleet business
Our approach was to develop the
                                           model, the capital requirements and
necessary infrastructure in partnership.
                                           potential outcomes. We will continue
We installed 25 charging units in
                                           to test how we can manufacture
North and South Island holiday
                                           more efficiently, reduce costs,
parks with Holiday Parks NZ and
                                           waste less, and lessen our, and our
ChargeMaster and established
                                           customers’, overall footprint. Whilst
a funding partnership with the
                                           we are limited by suppliers to some
EECA (Energy Efficiency and
                                           degree, we will push where we can.
Conservation Authority).
                                           At the same time, we’re gaining
We developed comprehensive, yet            valuable IP.
easy-to-read guides to driving and
charging an eRV, and integrated eRV




30   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                    31
                                                                                                                                   How we are performing
                                                                                                                                   • We’re now live with a global member community of around
                                                                                                                                     144,000 travellers, sharing inspirational content, global travel
                                                                                                                                     offers, and recognition perks for repeat customers.



                                                                                                                                           Global member
                                                                                                                                           community of around




                                                                                                                                           144,000 travellers
Leading the                                                                                                                            •    We’ve launched the thl

way with                                                                                                                                    Roadtrip application in
                                                                                                                                            New Zealand and Australia,
                                                                                                                                            helping our customers

new ideas                                                                                                                                   understand their vehicles,
                                                                                                                                            navigate routes, and
                                                                                                                                            connect with local
                                                                                                                                            experiences. The app has
                                                                                                                                            had over 12,000 downloads
                                                                                                                                            since December 2018.




Constant intellectual                       Goals (short/medium term)
                                                                                      By investing in our intellectual
property (IP) innovation                        For FY19 our IP goals were:           capital we will commit positively            •       We are forging ahead with the Future-Fit Business Benchmark.

is a ‘must-do’ for a Future-                • Launch of the thl Connected             to achieving these Future-Fit                With the largest commercial rental fleet in the world and
                                              Customer Brand.                         Business and Sustainable                     operations across five continents, we have the right travel
Fit tourism business.                                                                 Development Goals:
                                            • Launch of the updated Roadtrippers                                                   credentials to lead the charge. We also have a deep database
We can’t stand still.                         app to customers in New Zealand                                                      of past customers with plenty of stories to share from 30 years
                                              and Australia.                                                                       of travel experiences.
We’re leveraging our IP and global                                                    • FF04 Procurement safeguards the
reach to improve our customer               In addition, for FY20 we have               pursuit of Future-Fitness.
experience. How? Through greater            committed to:                             • FF09 Community health is safeguarded.
connectivity, integrating IP such
                                            •    Growing our Connected Customer       • FF15 Product communications
as Togo Fleet (formerly known as
                                                 Brand database to at least 200,000     are honest, ethical, and promote
Cosmos) - our (in development) new
                                                 subscribers.                           responsible use.
all-encompassing, reservation and
management system, improving our                                                      • FF16 Product concerns are actively
                                            • Elevating the Voice of Customer to                                                           STRATEGY TOWARDS THE GOALS
telematics systems and incorporating                                                    solicited, impartially judged and
                                              identify continuous improvement           transparently addressed.
Power BI - a dashboard/reporting tool.        opportunities and enhance our
We’re using our sustainability                online reputation.                      • FF17 Products do not harm people or
                                                                                        the environment.                                       ‘Voice of Customer’ project                                Product and Customer Experience Propositions
framework, data science analysis
                                            • Launching new product and                                                                        • New customer feedback touchpoints, including             • Launch of some high impact product design
and insights to create a sustainable,                                                 • FF18 Products emit no
                                              customer experience propositions                                                                   refining our current feedback loops.                       enhancements on our new rental fleet, based on
globally connected experience for                                                       greenhouse gases.
                                              that meet the core needs of                                                                                                                                   customer feedback.
our customers.                                                                        • FF19 Products can be repurposed.                       • Enhanced internal reporting.
                                              our customers.
Why this focus? Because as a                                                          • FF20 Business is conducted ethically.                                                                             • Identification and enhancement of the hallmark
                                            • Implementation of the Future-Fit                                                                 • Increased representation of thl reviews on online
company we passionately believe that                                                                                                                                                                        moments and services in our customer experience.
                                              framework.                              • FF21 The right tax is paid in the right                  reputation channels, including a clear focus on
there is no better way of seeing the                                                                                                             addressing any customer complaints.                      • Continued roll out of trip support technologies in
                                                                                        place at the right time.
world than by RV. We’re experience          As we pioneer new thinking, ideas                                                                                                                               partnership with the Togo Group.
seekers too - we understand our             and technology, those initiatives will    • FF22 Lobbying and corporate influence
                                                                                        safeguard the pursuit of Future-Fitness.               Connected Customer Brand
customers love flexible travel, thrive on   align to our Future-Fit Goals across
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Future-Fit programme
the unexpected, and crave authentic         the business.                             • FF23 Financial assets safeguard the                    • Continued roll out of thl branded touchpoints to
moments that last for a lifetime.                                                       pursuit of Future-Fitness.                               strengthen the connection between the connector          Integrating Future-Fit thinking into every decision
                                                                                                                                                 brand and the product brands within the thl family.      builds IP that is critical to sustaining both business
So, as a Future-Fit Business, there
                                                                                                                                                                                                          and society, long term. In FY20 we commit to full
is an enormous opportunity for us to                                                                                                           • Continued growth of our underlying database.
                                                                                                                                                                                                          assessments, education of all crew and
develop a community of experience                                                                                                              • Multiple membership initiatives.                         stakeholders, and the implementation of a roadmap
seekers - people that travel by RV, love
                                                                                                                                                                                                          towards all our Future-Fit Goals.
the experience and want to plan their
next adventure. We’re doing just that
by integrating our extensive IP with
our global reach.




32   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                             33
                                                                                    to the thl
                                                                                    Connected
                                                                                    Customer
                                                                                    Brand


                                         CASE STUDY

                                         In October 2018 we relaunched thl
                                         as our connecter brand for global
                                         RV travel experiences.
                                         The Connected Customer Brand             CONNECTED
                                         (CCB) links our thl rental operation
                                                                                  We’re bringing together every current and future
                                         to our global IP in a way that creates   thl business as part of the world’s most advanced
                                         a more connected experience for our      RV travel system.
                                         repeat travellers.
                                                                                  CUSTOMER
                                         Giving our RV assets a central role
                                         in this connectivity sets us apart in    They are at the heart of this system, and our primary
                                                                                  objective is to create more lifetime RV travellers
                                         the minds of our repeat travellers; we   from our community.
                                         become the brand that connects the
                                         resources of thl’s global community      BRAND
                                         directly to our customers’ personal      We want to create an identifiable voice that
                                         worldwide travel experiences and, by     resonates with customers, crew, and across the
                                         doing so, improves those experiences.    industry. Our Connected Customer Brand will
                                                                                  encourage our existing customers to travel with
                                                                                  thl around the world.
                                                                                  In bringing our Connected Customer Brand to life,
                                                                                  thl is becoming a truly global brand, with energy,
                                                                                  flexibility and depth. Epic experiences worldwide
                                                                                  are possible with thl.




34   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                    35
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "thl’s purpose is to ‘create
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 unforgettable holidays’ and our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 team have embraced that spirit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 100%, generously sharing their
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 local knowledge with our guests,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 giving them the insider tips to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 make their journey uniquely
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 memorable. Our culture drives
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 that behaviour and we look
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 forward to sharing our special

Enabling our                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     spirit with new crew as our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 organisation grows."

people to develop,                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Tourism Holdings Australia, Kate Meldrum,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Australia General Manager



grow and be well                                                                                                                             Looking after our human capital is a significant focus area for all our businesses, globally.




                                          to combat any potential stress-related      • Achieving 100% compliance across
As a growing global                                                                     all sites, with FF10 - employee health
                                          issues. In addition to ‘taking care of
organisation, our human                   the basics’, we offer personal growth         is safeguarded - within FY20.
capital is key to being                   and leadership opportunities. Given         We will commence all other
                                                                                                                                    How we're delivering
                                          the nature of our business, these can       assessments as well, with the aim to
a Future-Fit tourism                      be global. We also have a healthy           develop a roadmap towards those in
business. We operate in                   focus on ensuring our team is diverse                                                     Notifiable incidents in                                        Gender splits by country
                                                                                      the medium to long term.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              10
                                          and representative.                                                                       New Zealand                                                    and age group
more than 30 locations
throughout New Zealand,
Australia and the United
States. We also have a
                                          Goals (short/medium term)
                                          For FY19 the goals that specifically
                                          related to our people were:
                                                                                         By investing in our human
                                                                                         capital we will commit
                                                                                         positively to achieving these
                                                                                                                                    3                                                              Gender by country

                                                                                                                                                                                                   Female

                                                                                                                                                                                                   Male
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    staff moved from one country
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    to another (formally) around the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    world to take up different
                                          • Zero tolerance for notifiable incidents      Future-Fit Business Benchmark              Notifiable incident in
joint venture, Just go, in                  in our operations from FY18 onwards.         (FFBB) and Sustainable                     Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Prefer not                                                       positions in different locations
                                                                                                                                                                                                   to disclose                                                      short or long term.
the UK and a sales team                                                                  Development Goals:


                                                                                                                                     1
                                          • By 2020, 75% of staff (or more) believe                                                                                                                Other

in Europe.                                  that thl cares about the wellbeing


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            300+
                                                                                                                                                                                                     New Zealand        USA      Australia   Functional
                                            of its people (as assessed by our
                                            engagement survey).                          • FF10 Employee health is
We’re the largest commercial                                                                                                                                                                       This shows that in New Zealand we have
                                                                                           safeguarded.
                                                                                                                                                                                                   maintained our 45% female representation,
motorhome rental company in the           • Establish gender and cultural
                                                                                         • FF11 We pay employees at least           Any notifiable incident is one too many                        in Australia we dropped slightly from 40% to
world, and we are very proud of our         diversity benchmark data by business           a living wage.                                                                                                                                                          crew received leadership development
                                                                                                                                    and we are treating these with utmost                          37% compared to last year and the US comes
incredible crew who do an amazing           across all levels of the organisation:                                                                                                                 in slightly under target at 37% as well.                        training, and another 200+ received
                                                                                         • FF12 Employees are subject to            urgency. Through active safety
job to help holidaymakers create            non-manager, manager, senior                                                                                                                                                                                           specific skill training.
                                                                                           fair employment terms.                   awareness initiatives and continuous
unforgettable experiences.                  manager and executives.                                                                 update of our practices, we’re
                                                                                         • FF13 Employees are not subject           maintaining a zero tolerance target.                           Diversity of age
Our crew are involved in everything       • Increase the number of women
                                                                                           to discrimination.
from customer service and sales,            in total to get a more equal m/f                                                                                                                       < 20
production, engineering and                 ratio especially in our businesses           • FF14 Employees concerns are
                                            that show a less than 45% women                actively solicited, impartially judged   Engagement score 2019                                          20 - 24
maintenance, IT, data science, and
                                                                                           and transparently addressed.                                                                                                                                         Remuneration
finance and they all play a part in our     representation overall.                                                                                                                                25 - 29




                                                                                                                                    68%
vision. They’re thl’s most valuable                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Employees by region covered by bargaining
                                          • Increase our age group diversity in                                                                                                                    30 - 39
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                agreements are as follows:
asset, and at the core of our success.      line with overall demographic trends                                                                                                                   40 - 49
So looking after our people is at the       in the different countries we operate.                                                                                                                 50 - 59
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                AUSTRALIA      NEW ZEALAND      USA
heart of our business. Health and
safety is paramount. Our crew have
to be safe at work and their health
                                          In addition, for FY20 we have
                                          committed to:
                                                                                                                                    3% lower than last year and 7%
                                                                                                                                    under our target of 75%.
                                                                                                                                                                                                   60 <
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Prefer not                                                   70%            61%              n/a
                                                                                                                                                                                                   to disclose
cannot be adversely affected by the       • Move towards gender equality
nature of the job they do, or the           in all our roles, with at least a 5%                                                    NB: We have changed survey provider                            We are currently finalising our age
culture of the business. So we offer        improvement each year from our                                                          and methodology in FY19 therefore the                          benchmarks and additional age group
collaborative and wellbeing initiatives                                                                                             score may not be directly comparable.                          diversity goals.
                                            FY19 benchmark data.



36   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 37
                                                             CASE STUDY
     STRATEGY TOWARDS THE GOALS

      We will assess all our sites on the following
                                                             GPS Navigator - connecting
      six categories of criteria that determine the          our leaders and crew
      Future-Fitness:
      • Physical safety in the workplace
                                                             around the world
      • Mental wellbeing
                                                             thl is committed to global leadership development, our
      • Physical activity                                    dynamic two-yearly global leadership conference is one           The GPS Navigator system provides our business with:
      • Nutrition                                            such opportunity for ‘growing’ our leaders. In September
                                                                                                                              • A more ‘joined-up’ way of thinking + working on
                                                             2018, 120 of thl’s global leadership from NZ, Australia, UK
      • No-smoking                                                                                                              challenges and opportunities across thl.
                                                             and US participated.
      • Support for lost time                                                                                                 • Easy access to helpful tools and resources.
                                                             The conference theme was “Plugged In” - maximising thl’s
      We will amend gaps found immediately and report        Future-Fitness through new technology and systems. One           • A simple process for capturing knowledge (searchable)
      back through our global health and safety committee.   of the highlights was the launch of GPS Navigator to our           that is relevant to the business.
                                                             global leaders, allowing them to understand its potential        • Easier identification and connection with people
      We will implement a recruitment strategy that
                                                             for thl. This was hugely successful.                               who have experience or knowledge that is relevant.
      specifically aims to close the diversity and age
      gaps identified.                                                                                                        • A group of ‘Connectors’ who know things and can
                                                             What’s GPS Navigator?
                                                                                                                                help make connections.
                                                             Being a global organisation, we have great opportunities
                                                             to link our crew around the world - sharing inspiration,
                                                             knowledge, or just expanding individual networks across                                   UNIQUE
                                                             the business.
                                                             But as a lean decentralised business, there is a risk that                                                                                     Communicate
                                                             knowledge and expertise in thl could be locked up in                          COMMON                                                           Local action
                                                             peoples’ heads locally. GPS Navigator assists in changing                                                                                      supported by
                                                                                                                                                                                                            information sharing
                                                             that, and allows us to unlock greater productivity and                                  Collaborate
                                                             innovation, reduce duplication and increase global                                      High level of alignment
                                                             collaboration through a common system “thinking”                                        collaborating to deliver
                                                             approach, supported by a software platform that links                                   integrated solution

                                                             people together.
                                                                                                                                                       Cooperate
                                                             "GPS Navigator allows us to unlock greater                                                As needed - often
                                                              productivity and innovation, reduce                                                      informal interaction
                                                                                                                                                       on a project
                                                              duplication and increase global
                                                              collaboration through a common                                   Coordinate                                                               n
                                                              system “thinking” approach.”                                     Systematically                                               ra
                                                                                                                                                                                                 ti o
                                                                                                                               work together for                                ll a   bo
                                                                                                                                                       C o nt i n u u m   of co
                                                              Jo Allison, COO                                                  better outcomes


                                                             This allows our crew, wherever they are located, to identify
                                                             and find solutions to challenges and opportunities, and
                                                                                                                            GPS Navigator helps us on the journey to being a Future-Fit
                                                             develop a shared knowledge base from the rich
                                                                                                                            Business. Connecting our combined knowledge, ideas and
                                                             information available. That knowledge can be utilised
                                                                                                                            people creates value for thl way beyond the sum of the GPS
                                                             locally and shared globally.
                                                                                                                            Navigator system component parts - and we’ve only just
                                                             We also introduced our leaders to the concept of               started on the journey.
                                                             “Connectors” across our business - people who
                                                                                                                            GPS Navigator will allow thl to tap into our global
                                                             understand how to navigate around the global thl
                                                                                                                            knowledge to address the challenges and unlock the
                                                             network and can encourage, coach, inspire and support
                                                                                                                            opportunities we will face as we continue to evolve as a
                                                             all leaders to start to utilise our global knowledge base.
                                                                                                                            sustainable global organisation.

                                                                                                                            It’s already doing so with these two initiatives:
                                                                                                                            • The thl Ignite Good Challenge - creating unforgettable
                                                                                                                              holidays for everyone - an initiative to engage with
                                                                                                                              communities or people who are not normally able
                                                                                                                              to experience a motorhome holiday due to their
                                                                                                                              circumstances. This came about through a collaboration
                                                                                                                              across teams, across countries, and Australian local
                                                                                                                              communities.
                                                                                                                            • Real time language translations - helped to provide
                                                                                                                              a Chinese language speaking application for one of
                                                                                                                              our guided tours that increased the enjoyment and
                                                                                                                              understanding of the rich history and tikanga of our
                                                                                                                              Waitomo area.




38   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                  39
                                                                                                                               How we're performing
                                                                                                                               Community assessments
                                                                                                                               We’ve embarked on community impact assessments in               Telematics implementation
                                                                                                                               New Zealand and the USA. In Australia we have taken a
                                                                                                                               slightly different route, engaging with StartSomeGood.          We aim to have telematics, tablets and safety
                                                                                                                               With them we have created a crowdfunding campaign               alerts operational in New Zealand and Australia
                                                                                                                               to engage with the community. ‘Responsible travel’ is           by 2019 and the USA by FY21.
                                                                                                                               incorporated under this capital as the key stakeholders         The results so far:
                                                                                                                               impacted by irresponsible travel are, first and foremost,
                                                                                                                               our communities.                                                NEW ZEALAND
                                                                                                                                                                                               In progress: Hardware implementation will be
                                                                                                                                 NEW ZEALAND                                                   completed by December. Software for alerts will

Respecting and
                                                                                                                               Assessments completed: Waitomo, Queenstown                      follow and will be completed in FY20.
                                                                                                                               Assessments in progress: Christchurch
                                                                                                                               Assessments planned: South Auckland, Coromandel                 AUSTRALIA


embracing our
                                                                                                                                                                                               Completed: New hardware to be installed in new
                                                                                                                                 USA                                                           fleet vehicles.
                                                                                                                               Assessments planned: Los Angeles, San Francisco
                                                                                                                                                                                               USA

communities                                                                                                                      AUSTRALIA
                                                                                                                               StartSomeGood community engagement
                                                                                                                                                                                               Planned: This will start in FY20 and be completed
                                                                                                                                                                                               by FY21.

                                                                                                                               Assessments planned: Melbourne, Cairns, Darwin,
                                                                                                                               Alice, Tasmania
                                                                                                                                                                                            Other
                                                                                                                               Infringement notices
                                                                                                                                                                                            • The Tiaki Promise awareness campaign is in place
                                                                                                                               In New Zealand we received 147 illegal freedom                 through pre-travel communications, in branch
As a global tourism                      Goals (short/medium term)                                                             camping infringement notices. In Australia and the
                                                                                   Long term, we are committed                                                                                reminders, and an on road survey.
transport operator,                      Positive stakeholder relationships        to the Future-Fit Business Goals            USA we received zero.
                                                                                                                                                                                            • In Queenstown especially we have supported
                                         contribute to the success of our          and Sustainable Development
we have a broad                          business. We need to understand
                                                                                                                               Despite additional efforts to create more awareness with       the local hubs and provided our customers with
                                                                                   Goals related to the communities            our customers around responsible camping, the number           the resources they need to be more responsible
geographical footprint                   what our stakeholders’ needs are
                                                                                   we operate in. These are:                   of infringement notices in New Zealand has stayed the          travellers.
                                         and how we can positively contribute
that impacts on the                      to them.
                                                                                                                               same. We are disappointed with this, and will continue
                                                                                                                               to focus on educating our customers. We expect the
communities in which                     For FY19 our goals were:                  • FF09 Community health is                  implementation of telematics in New Zealand in FY20 to
we operate. These                        • To complete five community impact         safeguarded.                              help, although we anticipate more impact once we have
                                                                                                                               completed the implementation of the alert system, in FY21.
communities are our                        assessments per country by 2020.        • FF16 Product concerns are actively
                                                                                     solicited, impartially judged and
social and relationship                  • Incur zero infringement notices           transparently addressed.
                                           for illegal freedom camping for
capital, and they are                      thl customers by 2020.                  • FF15 Product communications
                                                                                     are honest, ethical, and promote
integral to our operation.                                                                                                        STRATEGY TOWARDS THE GOALS
                                         In addition, for FY20 we have               responsible use.
                                         committed to:                             • FF17 Products do not harm people or
Whether that’s where our crew buy                                                    the environment.                                 Implement a community advocate role                   Implement Future-Fit community and supplier
their coffee in the morning, where       • Creating an RV-centric health and
                                                                                   • FF20 Business is conducted ethically.            To increase our community engagement, we are          health checks
our customers visit, or our large          safety risk database, which will be
community of up and downstream             made available to the wider industry    • FF22 Lobbying and corporate                      considering implementing a community advocate         Our community impact assessment goal will be
suppliers - we simply cannot operate       to help increase overall health and       influence safeguard the pursuit of               role within all our branches. The community           updated with the more exacting Future-Fit Business
without them.                              safety of our customers.                  Future-Fitness.                                  advocate will be actively liaising with the           Goal to safeguard community health. We have
                                                                                   • FF23 Financial assets safeguard the              communities we impact upon. They will also be         already incorporated additional questions into the
Over the past few years we’ve made       • Continue to focus on the roll out                                                          first point of contact for any community concerns.    community impact assessments currently
                                                                                     pursuit of Future-Fitness.
a commitment through our ‘Respect’         and integration of the Tiaki Promise,                                                                                                            underway and will continue to focus on this going
pillar to embrace our communities;         focusing on increased uptake and        • FF21 The right tax is paid in the right
                                                                                                                                      Create community partnerships                         forward. Some of the new questions focus
to better understand them and to           driving behaviour change.                 place at the right time.
                                                                                                                                                                                            specifically on the quality of our community
engage with them in a more                                                                                                            We create key partnerships with community
                                         • Review the Future-Fit Business                                                                                                                   concern mechanisms.
structured way. By adopting the                                                                                                       organisations in the countries we operate.
                                           Goals and determine the roadmap
Future-Fit Business Goals, we are                                                                                                     In FY19 we embarked on our first partnership intent   To really understand our social impact we will also
                                           towards these.
making an even stronger                                                                                                               with the Sir Peter Blake Trust, ME Family Services    apply this to our supply chain assessment, as per
commitment; to work towards                                                                                                           and the Graeme Dingle Foundation. Their purpose       the Future-Fit Business Benchmark guidelines.
operating only when we’ve helped                                                                                                      is to increase our community engagement through
safeguard community health.                                                                                                           partnerships, creating value together, thereby
                                                                                                                                      increasing our positive community impact. Please
                                                                                                                                      see thlsustainability.com for more information.




40   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                             41
CASE STUDY                                                                                                                       CASE STUDY

Responsible                                                                                                                      Queenstown community
camping                                                                                                                          impact assessment results
thl has a long history supporting           thl’s involvement and leadership          thl participated in the Visiting           As mentioned in our last sustainability report,
and enabling responsible camping                                                                                                 Sustainable Business Network (SBN) conducted a                   “There's a need to be educating thl's
                                            of responsible camping continues          Drivers Project that concentrated
practices. Campers are an important         to be expansive. A key focus area is      on improving road safety for and of        Queenstown Lakes District Impact Assessment on                    own clients on congestion, freedom
sector of the global tourism industry;      educating drivers on what is expected     visiting drivers. A project evaluation,    behalf of thl. This was completed in October 2018.                camping, parking, waste. Also little
they travel extensively through the         of them and where they can camp           carried out by independent consultants                                                                       things, like providing a water bottle
                                                                                                                                 Amongst other highlights, the report noted two
countries we operate in, tend to stay       when they have a self or non-self-        Dovetail and Kinnect in 2019, found        activities that are currently minimising community                or keep cup, to encourage positive
a long time and spend money on a            contained vehicle.                        that the project substantially delivered
wide variety of goods and activities.
                                                                                                                                 impact. They were:                                                behavioural change.”
                                                                                      on its outcomes:
In 2007 we were a foundation member         thl-owned CamperMate (now part of                                                    • Advising our customers to bus to Te Anau,
                                            Outdoria) is a mobile application (that   • A successful collaboration between                                                                        Community representative
of the New Zealand Responsible                                                                                                     instead of driving.
Camping Forum, along with Tourism           works on and offline) to show visitors      government and industry.
Industry Aotearoa.                          to New Zealand the nearest location of
                                                                                      • Evidence of local, regional and
                                                                                                                                 • Having customers sign an agreement not to drive                “[My advice would be to] get more of
                                            camping facilities, freedom camping                                                    over the Crown Range.                                           a community focus. thl’s got a depot
The forum enabled an industry-wide                                                      national system changes as a result
                                            sites, dump stations, rubbish disposal,                                                                                                                here, they’ve got drivers - those guys
approach to providing education and                                                     of the project on the number of          The report concludes:
                                            parking, and other infrastructure
information to campers to positively        required to support responsible
                                                                                        deaths and serious injuries among                                                                          taking part in community events will
                                                                                                                                 “Through a comprehensive desktop survey and
influence their behaviour. Infrastructure   camping and motorhoming.
                                                                                        visiting drivers have remained
                                                                                                                                 interviews with 31 stakeholders, this community                   make an instant impact. Just doing
                                                                                        relatively stable despite a sustained
was improved to support better
                                            Driving in another country can be           increase in tourism volumes.             footprint assessment has identified the key impacts               something and getting it across.
behaviour, and an infringement regime                                                                                            that internal and external stakeholders perceive thl’s            Anything youth is a big one.”
                                            very different to driving at home.
was introduced to control offenders.                                                  • Key success factors were identified      businesses to have on the Queenstown Lakes District.
                                            Drivers need to allow plenty of time                                                                                                                  Business partner
thl is also a member of the team                                                        as being a common sense of
                                            to reach their destination and to                                                    Over the duration of the assessment, 43 topics were
that created the Tiaki Promise in                                                       purpose and shared ownership;
                                            understand the new country’s road
                                                                                        leadership to drive change and hold      identified under the four themes of Community, People,
New Zealand. Launched in November           rules and signs. thl has safe driving                                                Economy and Place, as well as a quickly emerging fifth
                                                                                                                                                                                                  “Visual pollution: it’s sheer numbers,
2018, the Tiaki Care for New Zealand                                                    course; clear structures, processes                                                                        and sometimes it doesn’t take much -
                                            questionnaires that all customers                                                    theme, Social Licence. This last theme - and the topics
campaign encourages Kiwis and                                                           and co-ordination roles; and respect
                                            must complete before they pick up
                                                                                        and trust, built on a willingness of     under it - is of extreme importance and sets the context          two or three vans - to block the view.”
international visitors alike to             their motorhome and if one of our                                                    for any other actions by thl in the district.
experience New Zealand in a way                                                         all partners to come together.                                                                            Business partner and local resident
                                            crew feels that a customer is not
that keeps everyone safe, protects                                                                                               The main recommendations relate to connection and
                                            confident about driving the vehicle,      • Detailed project information is
our environment, respects our                                                           available at saferjourneys.govt.nz/      communication. thl needs to communicate to the district
                                            they can refuse to provide the vehicle
culture, and protects the country                                                       visitingdriversproject.                  the steps it is already taking to minimise the impacts of
                                            to a customer until a suitable driver
for future generations.                                                                                                          its operations and its customers’ behaviour. It should
                                            can be found.
                                                                                                                                 build its case - using both CamperMate and economic
                                                                                                                                 data - for how the district is better off for its presence.
                                                                                                                                 It should also build relationships with local stakeholders,
                                                                                                                                 including Council, with whom it could jointly explore the
                                                                                                                                 district’s infrastructure shortfall, ultimately impacting on
                                                                                                                                 thl’s own customers’ experiences.
                                                                                                                                 To do all this, thl needs to build a profile for itself in the
                                                                                                                                 district as a responsible player attuned to the concerns
                                                                                                                                 of the community and acting in its long term interests.
                                                                                                                                 thl should draw on its initiatives, commitments and
                                                                                                                                 advocacy at a national level to help do this, and combine
                                                                                                                                 them with dedicated actions to improve the experiences
                                                                                                                                 of tourism for communities in the district.”
                                                                                                                                 As a result of this report, we have been reviewing
                                                                                                                                 the role of a community advocate in our branches and
                                                                                                                                 have taken a proactive approach to participation in
                                                                                                                                 community events. We are aware that a lot more can be
                                                                                                                                 done, and through our commitment to the Future-Fit
                                                                                                                                 Business Goals we will continue to safeguard the health
                                                                                                                                 of the communities where we operate.




42   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                       43
CASE STUDY

The StartSomeGood story
The experiences we offer can change          the thl team were invited to hear each
lives and perspectives - customers           idea via Skype and to vote for the ones
can get off the grid, and connect            we believed were the most worthy - a
with family, friends and nature again;       difficult job, as they were all worthy.
our holidays are truly memorable.            We supported the best three ideas
                                             with seed funding of $5,000.
So at the thl leadership conference
we wondered, ‘could we create                One of the thl sponsored causes is
unforgettable holidays for people            The Rustic Bus Campaign, who were
who could not ordinarily afford them?’       raising money to provide holidays for
                                             vulnerable families. They have raised
We decided we could and we took up           a total of $20,100.
the challenge to find organisations
through which we could reach                 Another was the Special Olympics
communities and the people who               Road Trip, whose campaign reached
could benefit from this idea.                its critical mass of $10,000 a week after
                                             launch. That funds the team to go to
That proved to be more difficult than        Gippsland, Victoria, this September
we had imagined. But we found                and they also raised enough money
StartSomeGood, an Australian-based           for an Outback trip next year.
cause-driven crowdfunder, which                                                                                                    The CamperMate app assesses capacity at popular
brings together great corporations           The thl team continue to be actively                                                  freedom campsites, and suggests alternative options
                                                                                                                                   to our travellers when those sites are full.
and great people, in a shared goal           involved with these initiatives,
to make the world a better place.            promoting it through our internal
                                             and external network.
The thl Ignite Good Challenge
initiative began, (opportunities.
                                                                                         CASE STUDY
startsomegood.com/ignitegood) and
through the StartSomeGood channels,
some amazing ideas rolled in.                                                            CamperMate progress

                                                                                         Since 2011 CamperMate has been actively
                                                                                         contributing toward a more sustainable
                                                                                         freedom camping industry. At its core,
                                   "The Special
                                    Olympics Road
                                                                                         CamperMate educates visitors on where
                                    Trip campaign                                        they can legally camp, as well as educating
                                    reached its                                          them on responsible behaviour during
                                    critical mass of                                     their travels. In peak summer we’re
                                    $10,000 a week
                                    after launch."
                                                                                         reaching more than 50,000 visitors per day.
                                                                                         Last year CamperMate‘s unique platform used artificial
                                                                                         intelligence to determine live availability for freedom
                                                                                         campsites. 90% of visitors using CamperMate who saw a site
                                                                                         as full stayed elsewhere (or at a recommended location) from
                                                                                         an average of 97kms away from the site with no capacity.
                                                                                         When a site was shown as full, a small discount/offer shows
                                                                                         on the CamperMate display to incentivise our campers to stay
                                                                                         in a holiday park convenient to their current location.
                                                                                         In addition to the technology, the CamperMate team is also
                                                                                         actively involved in the Responsible Camping Forum, and work
                                                                                         with all district councils to disseminate accurate freedom
                                                                                         camping information to our travellers. They developed a data
                                                                                         reporting platform for councils to understand visitor behaviour
                                                                                         in their region and identify any need for further infrastructure.




                                                                                         NB: CamperMate is now part of Outdoria.




44   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                   45
                                                                                                                                How we are performing

                                                                                                                                Our operational carbon footprint includes                                             Intensity footprint (tonnes CO2e per employee)
                                                                                                                                Scope 1, 2 and 3 emission sources as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Carbon intensity                       Compared to our
                                                                                                                                Scope 1                                                                                                 footprint in tonnes of   Compared      NZ/AU baseline
                                                                                                                                Transport fuel used in our company cars and fuel                                                        CO2e per employee        to 2017/18    year 2016/17
                                                                                                                                used in our sites (LPG, natural gas, diesel).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       NZ               3.90                       20%           24%
                                                                                                                                Scope 2                                                                                AU               7.63                       5%            31%

Protecting and                                                                                                                  Emissions associated with purchased electricity.
                                                                                                                                Scope 3
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       US

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       JVs
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        8.17

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        1.62
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   17%

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   16%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               n/a

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               n/a


enhancing our
                                                                                                                                Diesel used in leased Kiwi Experience coaches



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   29%
                                                                                                                                and fuel used by staff commuting to work; air and
                                                                                                                                taxi travel; waste sent to landfill; motorhome                                           Combined NZ and AU
                                                                                                                                maintenance materials (replacement tyres and                                             intensity emissions are down

environment                                                                                                                     batteries, water and wash chemicals).                                                    29% on the 2016/17 base year


                                                                                                                                Operational emissions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Customer journey footprint
                                                                                                                                Absolute footprint (tonnes CO2e)1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Our customer journey footprint accounts for fuel used by
                                                                                                                                Performance against the 2025 target of 20%                                            our customers in hiring our motorhomes. As we own the
                                                                                                                                reduction on 2016/17 levels for NZ/AU and                                             motorhomes these are a Scope 1 emission source. However,
We rely heavily on the                     Goals (short/medium term)                                                            against 2017/18 levels for USA and JVs.                                               we have reported these separately from our operational
                                                                                     Long term, we are committed
environment to deliver                     For FY19 our goals related to the         to the Future-Fit Business Goals                                                                                                 footprint so we can manage it more effectively. From FY20
                                           environment were:                         and Sustainable Development
                                                                                                                                                           Absolute                           Compared to our         onwards we intend to include these in our full stated
rich experiences for our                                                                                                                                   footprint in        Compared       NZ/AU baseline
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      organisational footprint.
                                           • To reduce our absolute carbon           Goals related to protecting and                                       tonnes of CO2e      to 2017/18     year 2016/17
customers. The truth is,                     footprint 20% by 2025 against           enhancing our natural capital.
                                                                                                                                 NZ                        2,654.4                23%           21%                   Performance against the 2025 target of 20% reduction on
we’ve taken our natural                      2016/17 levels for NZ and AU            These are:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2016/17 levels for NZ/AU and against 2017/18 levels for USA
                                             operations and against 2017/18                                                      AU                        2,137.4                5%            4%
capital for granted for                      levels for US operations and JVs.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      and JVs.
                                                                                                                                 US                        3,235.9                15%
too long and we haven’t                    • To have 5% low emission vehicles        • FF01 Energy is from renewable sources.                                                                                                           Customer journey                        Compared to our
                                             in our motorhome fleet by 2020.                                                     JVs                       258.9                  3%
looked after it the way                                                              • FF02 Water use is environmentally
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        footprint in tonnes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        of CO2e
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Compared
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  to 2017/18
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                NZ/AU baseline
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                year 2016/17
                                                                                       responsible and socially equitable.        – Just go                25.9                   22%
we should.                                 We set our goals in line with the Paris
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       NZ               14,446                      7%            1%
                                           agreement1 long term objective to         • FF03 Natural resources are managed
                                                                                                                                  – Action                 233.0                  7%
                                           keep the increase in global average         to respect the welfare of ecosystems,
But that’s changing - in recent years,                                                                                              Manufacturing                                                                      AU               18,966                      5%            13%
                                           temperatures to below 2°C, above            people and animals.
we’ve become much more mindful of
                                           pre-industrial levels.                    • FF04 Procurement safeguards the           thl TOTAL                 8,286.6                                                     US               47,736                      5%          n/a
the negative impact our activities have
                                                                                       pursuit of future-fitness.
on our environment. Our long term          We now know that globally, in order
goal now is not only to have a ‘neutral’   to substantially reduce the risks and     • FF05 Operational emissions do not        We are very happy to report that we are starting to                                   A newer, more efficient fleet make-up has reduced our
impact, but to have a positive one. We     effects of climate change, that the         harm people or the environment.          see results of the focus in our operations on becoming                                emission averages across our fleet which has resulted in
will help undo some of the damage our      absolute maximum borderline is a          • FF06 Operations emit no greenhouse       more responsible operators. Less waste, power and water                               a stable footprint, despite having a growing number of
activities have caused over the years.     1.5°C temperature increase; we will         gases.                                   use have contributed to these reductions. However,                                    customer kilometres.
Delivering on that means moving away       adjust our goals accordingly.             • FF07 Operational waste is eliminated.    some of this is also due to our more accurate data that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      However, as the customer journey footprint is about 10x our
from a heavy reliance on fossil fuels -    Long term, we committed to the                                                       we are gathering in collaboration with our waste and
                                                                                     • FF08 Operations do not encroach on                                                                                             operational footprint, it clearly shows the need for our focus
consuming these harm the planet,           Future-Fit Break-Even goal of zero                                                   power suppliers.
                                                                                       ecosystems or communities.                                                                                                     on alternative options to our fossil fuel dependent fleet.
and it is not lost on us that many of      emissions. In FY20 we will complete                                                  The Action Manufacturing increase, in part or wholly,
our customers travel long distances to     our assessment process, and we will                                                  is down to the acquisition of Fairfax.
enjoy the experiences we offer them.       then set ourselves a hard deadline for
The experiences they enjoy with us         this goal. Currently, we are moving as
involve the combustion of more fuel.       fast as we can.


                                                                                                                                                                               14%
                                                                                                                                    Combined NZ and AU
We’re determined to reduce the                                                                                                      operational emissions are
                                           This is not our only environmental
environmental impact of that. The                                                                                                   down 14% on the 2016/17
                                           focus. We will also become more
challenge is significant and we are                                                                                                 base year
                                           efficient with our use of resources.
accepting it as our responsibility.
                                           In addition, we have initiatives and
                                           programmes in place that focus on
                                           ecosystem restoration and educating
                                           our customers on how to look after
                                           the places they travel through.

                                                                                                                                1 The FY18 footprint data through independent verification can be considered consistent with the
1 Not verified                                                                                                                    mandatory requirements of ISO14064-1:2006 with a 5% materiality threshold, Limited Assurance.
                                                                                                                                  Please note that all FY19 footprint data will be third party verified later in the year and may change.

46   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       47
In FY19 we implemented the following                                                                                                  CASE STUDY
initiatives:
• We started waste audits across all NZ sites. We’ve set up                                                                           Emission-free silence versus
  recycling systems - (including organic waste collection
                                                                                                                                      long-distance flexibility
  systems) with specific composting companies, and
  are educating crew about the importance of doing this.                                       12,905                                 An environmental comparison of an electric
• We started implementing the recommendations from                                             Total trees added to the tree          and diesel motorhome
  last financial year’s power and water audits in AU and NZ                                    count from 'trees that count'
  to support our operational footprint reduction. In FY19                                      (treesthatcount.co.nz) since
  we have self-audited our El Monte RV branches in the                                         2016 in collaboration with the
  USA, and are currently working through this data to plan                                     Waikato Regional Council and
  emission reduction initiatives.                                                              local stakeholders.
These initiatives include:                                                                    12,905 trees will help to remove
                                                                                              about 1391.16 tonnes of carbon.
• Upgrading all lighting to LED in Australia
  and New Zealand.
• Upgrading our Auckland laundry.
• Upgrading our Auckland wash bay.                                5% of total fleet to be low emission vehicles
• Continue to take an industry leadership role in emissions       by 2020.
  reduction through participation in The Climate Leaders
                                                                  Indicators          FY19 results     FY19 progress against target
  Coalition climateleaderscoalition.org.nz.
                                                                  Total number        11 prototype     Insignificant as a number
We have also:                                                     of low emission     eRVs (10 on      compared to the total
                                                                  vehicles on fleet   fleet)           fleet but significant for
• Helped implement a fully solar-powered Ruakuri
                                                                  vs total fleet                       the impact, opportunity
  Cave operation.
                                                                                                       and leadership
• Planted 1,205 trees in the Waitomo district area.
• Reduced rat activity in the Ruakuri Scenic Reserve
  from 86% to undetectable (0%) levels by employing
  a focused environmental technician in partnership
  with the Department of Conservation.




                                                                                                                                      The demand for ecotourism and sustainable travel                Overall, taking both production and use into account,
     STRATEGY TOWARDS THE GOALS                                                                                                       has grown significantly. Offering an eRV option as an           the initial results of the carbon footprint indicate that the
                                                                                                                                      alternative to conventional fossil fuel motorhomes is           Britz eRV will win the race in New Zealand.
       Drive the eRV programme                                      Zero emissions operations                                         part of thl’s response to this movement.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      As we move into the next stage of the project, we will
       (see under Manufactured Capital)
                                                                    Transitioning our fleet to eRVs alone will not be enough          Instead of relying on assumptions and risk greenwashing,        also look at the effect of New Zealand’s ambition to move
       Our RV fleet causes the most significant emissions           to reach carbon neutrality. We need to make our                   we wanted real data to support authenticity and                 to 100% renewable electricity. The full results are due out
       impact of all our operations. To become a no harm            operations carbon neutral as well. We have initiatives            transparency of our marketing claims. So we sent two            in December.
       operator, we have to drive light commercial vehicle          in place that will support our journey to becoming a              teams of sustainability experts from thinkstep1 on a fact-
                                                                                                                                                                                                      The thinkstep team will release a video series to document
       innovation and develop additional infrastructure to          zero emission operator. These include:                            finding mission around the North Island of New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                                                      their fact-finding mission through the gorgeous
       sustain this.                                                                                                                  in two Britz motorhomes - one electric and one diesel.
                                                                    • Diverting organic waste from landfill across all our sites.                                                                     New Zealand North Island countryside.
       To do this well, we are undertaking a life cycle                                                                               They gathered data on diesel consumption and electricity
                                                                    • Transitioning our company cars to EVs.
       assessment of our current and future RV designs.                                                                               use, and also investigated all materials used to build and
       The outcome of this will help inform our future              • Getting office eBikes where appropriate (Waitomo,               maintain the motorhomes, including the battery of the eRV.
       decisions, and help our customers and stakeholders             Head Office and RVSC in Albany currently in place).             This formal comparison is called a Life Cycle Assessment        Lifetime CO2e emissions for the Britz eRV
       understand the difference this can make. Not only                                                                              and it follows relevant international standards. It considers
                                                                    • Promoting carpooling and public transport where
       will the engines in our RVs consume less fossil fuel,                                                                          all materials and emissions over the full life cycle of the
                                                                      possible as better ways to commute.
       but using other sustainable materials and processes                                                                            motorhomes from ‘cradle-to-grave’.
       to construct our entire RV fleet will have a significant     • Working with our supplier to get EV coaches in the
                                                                      Kiwi Experience coach fleet.                                    One of the results is a carbon footprint of each vehicle over
       positive impact.
                                                                    • Making all our sites as energy efficient as possible.
                                                                                                                                      an assumed 20-year life span. The comparison will cover                                         40%
       Our R&D experience in the last few years has shown                                                                             not only the CO 2 emissions and the impact on climate                                           in production
       us the transition to zero emissions - especially in          • Installing solar PV panels on sites where it will               change, but also air pollution, water pollution and waste
       our supply chain, will take time. This will not stop           be beneficial.                                                  along the full life cycle of both vehicles.
       us from pursuing the most fuel efficient options in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          60%
                                                                    • Continued implementation of our power and water                 Even with New Zealand’s electricity mix - which is over 80%                         through use
       the meantime.
                                                                      audit initiatives.                                              renewable - the ‘use’ phase dominates the overall footprint
                                                                                                                                      of the eRV from our initial results, with production of the
                                                                                                                                      vehicle (and its batteries) sitting at around 40%. Using a
                                                                                                                                      fossil fuel like diesel to power the motorhome will increase
                                                                                                                                      the impact of the use phase significantly.


                                                                                                                                      1 thinkstep.com/Australasia


48   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                49
                                           CASE STUDY

                                           El Monte RV putting sustainability
                                           at the heart of the company
                                           culture, customer experience
                                           and business practices
“We want to encourage RV users
 to reduce their impact, help the
 environment and protect the special       In 2019, the El Monte RV team                 To progress the framework, each store is
                                           developed a new framework to                  developing an action plan to tackle five
 places they visit. So we are sharing
                                           integrate sustainability across its           focus areas; eliminating waste, saving
 information, ideas, and inspiration       business operations. Stores completed         energy, water conservation, reducing
 to help our customers have                baseline assessments to better                emissions and community contribution.
 responsible travel experiences.”          understand current activities and             The first step was for stores to complete
                                           identify potential areas for                  an energy and water survey, the results
 Julie Guaderrama, US Marketing Director
                                           improvement. The assessments were             of which will be used to identify projects
                                           a valuable learning opportunity and           to reduce our energy and water use and
                                           helped identify the most important            lower emissions.
                                           areas to focus on as a business.
                                                                                         Tom Wigginton, Operations Director
                                           At the leadership conference in March,        said “we are focusing on finding high
                                           a workshop involving 30 managers              impact changes and our store
                                           from across the business took place to        managers are committed to making
                                           develop a long term vision and goals.         this happen. We are already identifying
                                           The team considered the baseline              quick-win changes, process
                                           assessment results, critical issues           improvements and new projects to
                                           impacting sustainability and the              implement. An initial success was
                                           business in the US, and ideas and             changing our oil filter change time
                                           inspiration from work other leading           period from 3,000km intervals to
                                           businesses are doing to integrate             5,000km, in line with OEM
                                           sustainability. Then, using this knowledge,   recommendations, resulting in 40%
                                           the team developed a vision for where         less waste and significant savings in
                                           we want to be in 20 years and how we          cost and labour”.
                                           could get there.
                                                                                         Tom added “we now have a clear
                                           Antonia Nichol, Project Manager, US           direction, a framework in place for
                                           Sustainability Initiatives, commented         success, and momentum is building.
                                           “engaging the business leaders,               We are focusing on getting the
                                           exploring ideas and working together          foundations right - reducing waste,
                                           to develop a shared vision and goals          saving energy and water and lowering
                                           was really important. The team created        emissions - while working on long term
                                           a fantastic vision that we want to be         initiatives that have potential for
                                           leading the way to sustainable holidays,      large-scale impact in key areas such as
                                           by putting sustainability at the heart of     reducing emissions and water
                                           our company culture, customer                 conservation”.
                                           experience and business practices”.
                                                                                         A key part of delivering the framework
                                           The Group identified long term goals to       is a new responsible travel programme
                                           deliver the vision, including providing       - Travel with Heart - designed to help
                                           the best motorhomes with the least            our customers enjoy a more sustainable
                                           environmental impact, conducting              holiday. Initially the programme will
                                           business practices in a sustainable,          focus on encouraging customers to help
                                           caring and environmentally friendly way       the environment by reducing waste,
                                           and encouraging responsible travel that       saving water, being fuel-efficient, safe
                                           protects the environment and respects         driving and promoting responsible
                                           local communities. Antonia added,             travel tips and itineraries.
                                           “we are at the beginning of an exciting
                                           journey embedding sustainability
                                           across the business that we want to
                                           share with our customers, partners and
                                           the community”.




50   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                           51
CASE STUDY

Discover Waitomo – kaitiaki
of the Waitomo region

One of the guiding values of Discover Waitomo is its                                                                                        Reducing pests                            Ruakuri off the grid
responsibility as kaitiaki (guardian) of the Waitomo          Kaitiakitanga                                                                 The Discover Waitomo group partners       In a likely first for a cave experience of
region. Part of that guardianship includes the protection                                                                                   with the Department of Conservation       its scale, the Ruakuri Cave and Ruakuri
                                                            The guardianship                                                                (DOC) in a programme unique in            Visitor Centre is now entirely off the
and enhancement of the natural environment.                 and conservation                                                                New Zealand targeted to improve           grid and powered by renewable
In recent years our environmental programme has             of everywhere we                                                                the biodiversity of the wider Waitomo     energy. Developed in partnership with
                                                              work and play                                                                 district. Discover Waitomo employs a      the Ruakuri Holden Whanau Trust, the
expanded from the cave and karst landscape to include                                                                                       full-time Environmental Manager and       new solar array was commissioned in
waterways, biodiversity, emissions and energy efficiency.                                                                                   together with DOC we fund (50/50)         November 2018.
                                                                                                                                            a full-time Environmental Technician,
This work now reaches far beyond the operating sites of                                                                                     whose role is primarily the eradication
                                                                                                                                                                                      84 thin film photo voltaic (PV) panels
                                                                               Humane, self-setting A24 traps have been hugely successful                                             are installed on a fixed tilt ground
Discover Waitomo experiences and into neighbouring                             in reducing the rat population around Waitomo.               of pest species.
                                                                                                                                                                                      mounted structure and paired with
land (both public and private). As a result, the                                                                                            One of the areas benefiting from this     20 kWh of battery storage and an
                                                                                                                                            is the Ruakuri Scenic Reserve, where      auxiliary generator as backup. This
programme has formed partnerships and relationships                                                                                         we have successfully reduced the          array had immediate effect, between
with a broad range of community stakeholders, from                                                                                          number of possums and rats. The           November and late March 2019 the
                                                                                                                                            latter made possible by expanding         Discover Waitomo generator recorded
landowners to local hapu.                                                                                                                   bait lines further and carrying out       zero fuel burn.
                                                                                                                                            extensive trapping. There will soon be
                                                                                                                                                                                      To improve performance further, more
                                                                                                                                            around 200 A24 traps in action (three
                                                                                                                                                                                      battery storage will be added this year.
                                                                                                                                            times the current deployment).
                                                                               In the last two years our
                                                                               partnership with DOC                                         These traps - made by Goodnature -
                                                                               has reduced rat activity in                                  are safe, easy to use, humane and
                                                                                                                                            self-setting. This greatly reduces
                                                                               the reserve from 86% to
                                                                                                                                            labour input and reliance on
                                                                               undetectable (0%) levels.                                    pesticides, and will deliver a more
                                                                               There have been some                                         sustainable long term predator
                                                                               anecdotal reports that there                                 control programme.
                                                                               has been an increase in bird
                                                                               song and the return of some                                                                            Renewable energy at work - the solar array at Ruakuri.
                                                                               bird species that are rare to
                                                                               the Waitomo region.




                                                                                    Planting programme
                                                                                    The condition of the caves at                           Recently, we’ve significantly
                                                                                    Waitomo is partly determined by                         escalated our efforts. For the first
                                                                                    the condition of the catchment                          time, the 2019 planting programme
                                                                                    ecosystem around them, so                               is centred on two private properties
                                                                                    Discover Waitomo has long had a                         downstream of the Waitomo
                                                                                    focus on improving the waterways                        Glowworm Cave. We’ve boosted
                                                                                    upstream of Waitomo. To                                 funding for the programme by
                                                                                    continually improve ecology                             partially funding it with proceeds
                                                                                    quality, we increase fencing                            from our new retail product range.
                                                                                    to exclude stock, and plant                             These items are made to be “good
                                                                                    native trees.                                           for a lifetime” and their sale is
                                                                                                                                            contributing to the purchase
                                                                                    Working closely with the Waikato
                                                                                                                                            of trees.
                                                                                    Regional Council and local
                                                                                    stakeholders, we actively seek out                      This retail range has been created
                                                                                    catchment restoration projects.                         with the Tiaki Promise in mind;
                                                                                    This involves investing time                            items are intended to be useful for
                                                                                    coordinating these groups and                           a traveller throughout their journey
                                                                                                                                                                                      1% of proceeds from our retail range are
                                                                                    directly funding the project costs,                     in New Zealand, and to help them          helping fund our planting programme.
                                                                                    and usually sees us plant around                        reduce their waste footprint.
                                                                                    3,000 native trees per year.                            Discover Waitomo cafés and
                                                                                                                                            restaurants are on board too, and
                                                                                                                                            have begun to phase out single use
                                                                                                                                            packaging; the Glowworm Cave
                                                                                                                                            Café has eliminated it entirely.
52   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                         53
                                                                                                                                              Our risk strategy


     Governance                                                                                                                                                                       What is our strategic direction?

     year in review                                                                                                                                                   Purpose                  Strategic objectives                Risk appetite




     The Tourism Holdings Limited Group operates under a set of                                                                                                            What risks impact our business and strategic direction?
     corporate governance principles designed to ensure the Company
     is effectively managed. The detail of our governance structure                                                                                               Technology & IT                                           Reputation

     is explained in the corporate governance section of this report.                                                                                                                                                       Regulations & legal
     Here we give you a snapshot of the increased activity of our                                                                                                 Health safety & people               Risk
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Finances
     Board in support of our strategy.
                                                                                                                                                                  Market                                                    Environment
     Our Board’s year

     Governance                          People, culture                    Financial                        Strategy, risk
                                         and values                                                          and sustainability                                              Can we influence the likelihood of these occuring?
     • Review and update of                                                 • Monthly review of
       Board and Committee               • Appointment of new                 business financial             • Establishment of
       Charters reflective of best         Chief Financial Officer,           performance.                     Sustainability and Risk
       corporate governance                Jennifer Bunbury, with                                              Committee responsible for
                                                                            • Quarterly review of                                                                      Strategic                   Operational                     External
       practice and requirements           significant experience                                              strategic risk management,
                                                                              forecast business                                                                          risks                        risks                          risks
       of 2019 NZX Corporate               in M&A, strategic                                                   maintenance of thl’s
                                                                              financial performance
       Governance Code.                    advisory assignments                                                sustainable business
                                                                              for FY19.
     • Review of capability                and investor relations.                                             model and engagement
                                                                            • Review and approval              in practices reflective of
       matrix of the thl Board           • Review of results of               of individual business           thl’s role as a responsible
       and appointment of                  2018 employee                      performance targets              corporate citizen.
       Rob Hamilton as a new               engagement survey.                 for FY20.                                                                                 How do we reduce the likelihood of these risks occurring?
       director, ensuring an                                                                                 • Monthly review of key
       availability of a wide            • Review and update of thl
                                                                                                               operational developments                                                    thl risk management process
       range of expertise across           Remuneration Policy and
                                                                                                               for each business.
       the Board.                          Code of Ethics.
                                                                                                             • Regular review of health
                                                                                                               and safety activity
                                                                                                               and progress against
                                                                                                               sustainability initiatives.
                                                                                                             • Review of thl’s insurance      By understanding and documenting the risks to us
                                                                                                                                              achieving our business goals, including our compliance
                                                                                                               policies.
                                                                                                                                              obligations, we can provide current and detailed risk
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Risk Governance
                                                                                                                                              information to the board, enabling them to make sound              thl have appointed a specific enterprise risk
                                                                                                                                              strategic decisions for sustainable future growth.                 and sustainability committee to oversee the
     Board subcommittees                                                                                                                      We have adapted our already successfully operating
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 effectiveness of the internal controls across
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 our organisation.
     During the year the Board has provided the                       • Audit Committee                                                       health and safety system ecoPortal to enable our crew
     subcommittees with greater responsibility and                                                                                            to take control.                                                   Risk management is led by the management
                                                                      • Remuneration and Nomination Committee
     engagement with the broader management team,                                                                                                                                                                Risk Steering Committee, who meet every
     as a mechanism to increase director/management                   • Sustainability and Risk Committee - new committee in FY19             “For a COO it is really important to                               two months to:
     engagement, whilst not extending board meetings                  • Marketing and Customer Experience Committee                            have a quick, at a glance overview                                • Monitor the new and existing risk and controls.
     to a point where they become less productive.                                                                                             of the high risks and where we’re at
     The subcommittees that we operate include:                       • Disclosure Committee (only called, as appropriate, for disclosures)                                                                      • Reviews quality of ERM practices and
                                                                                                                                               with the controls. ecoPortal makes                                  communicates results with risk owners.
                                                                                                                                               that part of the job really easy.”
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 • Benchmark against similar organisations.
                                                                                                                                               Jo Allison, COO
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 In addition, operational monitoring takes
     Risk and opportunities                                                                                                                                                                                      place through:

     Risk management has been embedded in the way we                           We use risk management to protect the Group’s                                                                                     • Weekly business reviews.
     operate from a governance perspective. With increasing                    assets in a number of ways:                                                                                                       • Monthly business process review meetings.
     operational complexity, increasing external risks and the
                                                                               • Detailed enterprise risk register.                                                                                              • Site risk audits to review awareness and controls.
     growth of the business, risk management needs to be
     part of everyone’s daily operation. For this reason, thl has              • Accurately record business policies and practices.                                                                              A mandatory enterprise risk training module
     taken a deliberate approach to embed enterprise risk                                                                                                                                                        is also being rolled out as part of our global
     management into the culture, to make it top of mind for                   • Internal control system.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 awareness programme “DriveTrain”.
     all our crew.                                                             • Compliance with applicable laws, regulations,
                                                                                 standards and best practice guidelines.



54   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  55
     thl risk themes

     Here is a range of risks that impact thl short term and/or
     long term. They are grouped by key themes and linked
     back to our overall capital outcomes.

     Risk                                Detail                                           Impact                                        Risk controls                                 Link to outcomes
     Short term
     Safety                              Being in the travel industry, providing          If travel in general was no longer regarded   Continue to embed health and safety                HUMAN CAPITAL
                                         transport and extended experiences rely          as safe, or our products specifically would   culture and strong processes in all parts          Enabling people to develop, grow and do well
                                         on customers and crew to be and feel safe.       cause harm, we would face major impacts       of the business.
                                                                                          on our operating model, as well as fines,
                                                                                                                                                                                           SOCIAL CAPITAL
                                                                                          lawsuits and significant reputational
                                                                                                                                                                                           Respecting our communities
                                                                                          damage.


     Cyber security                      External malicious activity causing loss         Loss of key systems causing operational       Follow mandated and best practice                  INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
                                         of key systems and data breaches.                disruption. Reduction in EBIT.                preparation and response plans.                    Leading the way in innovation
                                                                                          Reputational impact.
                                                                                                                                                                                           HUMAN CAPITAL
                                                                                                                                                                                           Enabling people to develop, grow and do well



     Talent shortages                    Changing global population and interest          Being short staffed creates pressure for      Review and innovate current crew                   HUMAN CAPITAL
                                         in tourism causes recruitment challenges         existing staff and has a negative impact      engagement and recruitment strategy                Enabling people to develop, grow and do well
                                         globally affecting the ability to deliver our    on customer experience and revenue.           and improve thl employer brand.
                                         experiences.

     Systems failure                     One of thl’s key strengths, strong innovation    Significant customer and revenue              Well-developed operational back up,                MANUFACTURED CAPITAL
                                         using technology, is also a key risk when        disruption. Loss of reputation. Benefits      deployment and contingency processes               Optimising efficiency
                                         these systems or part of the execution of        of projects delayed.                          and monitoring.
                                         these systems would fail.                                                                                                                         INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
                                                                                                                                                                                           Leading the way with new innovation



     Disruptive competitor               Aggressive/irrational pricing behaviour, new     Reduction in yield or loss of market share,   Monitor competitor landscape, maintain             INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
                                         operators, increase in competitor capacity.      revenue, EBIT and ROFE.                       competitive positioning and continue               Leading the way in innovation
     behavior                                                                                                                           to innovate.



     Medium
     Changes to fleet                    Changes in customer demand will impact           Can't exit fleet vehicles or margins reduce   Stay on top of latest vehicle market trends        FINANCIAL CAPITAL
                                         our business model as vehicle sales is an        resulting in higher real depreciation and     and review strategy to stay in line.               Shareholder value
     demand                              integrated part. This can be caused by a range   lower ROFE.
                                         of reasons including introduction of eRVs,
                                         new entrants, quality failures, new markets                                                                                                       MANUFACTURED CAPITAL
                                         with different demands.                                                                                                                           Optimising efficiency

                                                                                                                                                                                           INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
                                                                                                                                                                                           Leading the way in innovation



     Medium to long term
     Climate change /                    Changing climate resulting in more extreme       Operational disruption.                       Adapt business model towards zero                  NATURAL CAPITAL
                                         weather events, as well as increased                                                           emissions and monitor and adapt to                 Protecting and enhancing our environment
     Climate action                      awareness from people of the impact of           Reduction in international travel leading     climate related events.
                                         travel on climate change.                        to loss of key markets.




     Long term
     World recession                     Economic event causes a recession that           Reduction in long-haul travel. Reduction      Monitoring of economic environment                 FINANCIAL CAPITAL
                                         impacts all markets.                             in demand for used and new vehicles.          and plan for agility.                              Shareholder value

                                                                                                                                                                                           MANUFACTURED CAPITAL
                                                                                                                                                                                           Optimising efficiency

                                                                                                                                                                                           INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
                                                                                                                                                                                           Leading the way with new innovation



56   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                    57
     Divisional reports


     New Zealand Rentals                                                                                        Australian Rentals
     from success to success                                                                                    resilient performer

     The EBIT performance of                Of note, based on government-                                       The Australian EBIT result            The dealer insolvency in
     $31.5M was an increase of              sourced data, the number of                                                                               Queensland was the first such
                                            imported motorhomes has been
                                                                                  Rental revenue (NZD)          of AU$10.6M was up                                                         Rental revenue (AUD)
                                                                                                                                                      event in recent history for thl on
     23% ($5.8M) on the prior                                                                                   AU$0.6M on the prior

                                                                                  +11%                                                                                                     +7%
                                            declining in recent times. This                                                                           a global basis. The impact of the
     year. EBIT margin was 21.2%            likely reflects the lower general                                   year - an increase of 6%,             debtor write-off and the lost
     versus 19.0% last year, and            market demand, increased pricing                                                                          margin on sale for the year was
                                                                                                                or 7%in NZD terms.
                                            of overseas product and possibly                                                                          close to AU$1M. An in depth review
     the ROFE was 19.8% versus              a reduction in rental volumes for                                                                         was conducted of all processes
                                                                                                                The business has been improving
     17.9% last year. A record              smaller operators who buy fleet       Vehicle sales revenue (NZD)   year-on-year and this year achieved   and procedures leading up to, and    Vehicle sales revenue (AUD)
     result in dollar terms and             from the UK and Europe.                                                                                   including, the insolvency event.


                                                                                  +8%                                                                                                      -12%
                                                                                                                a ROFE of 13.9%. This improvement
                                            We will be opening a new site in                                    on last year’s 13.3% is pleasing,     We had strong processes in place
     ROFE achievement.
                                            FY20 in Takanini. This RVSC site                                    given the dealer bad debt issue       that prevented this fraudulent
     The business is performing well        will be our commercial fleet hub,                                   in Queensland.                        situation from being significantly
     and is positioned for further          with dedicated sales personnel                                                                            larger and have created new
                                                                                                                Total rental revenue improved 7%      processes globally within thl to
     growth this year.                      focused on the minibus and            EBIT (NZD)                    on the prior year. The long-haul                                           EBIT (AUD)
                                            other commercial product from                                                                             prevent such occurrences in



                                                                                  +23%                                                                                                     +6%
     Underlying the strong performance                                                                          markets are stable and our            the future. Unfortunately, it is
                                            Action Manufacturing.                                               positioning in the domestic
     in New Zealand is a rentals business                                                                                                             standard practice to have some
     that is continuing to grow year-on-    Overall, our expectations are for                                   market is strong. Our capability      finance terms within the
     year. Off the back of this strong      ongoing growth in vehicle sales in                                  in revenue management has             automotive dealer industry
     demand, yields have continued to       New Zealand over the coming year.                                   continued to evolve, which has        globally. Since the event, new
     increase and the shoulder season                                                                           contributed to the result.            dealer relationships have been
                                            The NZ business model continues
     continues to grow in both activity     to grow and operate more                                            Total vehicle sales, including        established in Queensland.
     and yield. Rental revenue              efficiently across all parts of the                                 flex-fleet, for the year were 562,    Fleet operating expense cost
     increased by 11% for the year.         business. Fleet repairs remains                                     compared to 664 in the prior          control is now set as a
     Operational delivery improved in       a critical area for the business,                                   period. The decline of 15% on the     fundamental foundation for
     FY19 and we need to raise our          and with Takanini RVSC, we are                                      prior year reflected a lower core     acceptable performance in
     standards further this high season,    growing our internal workshop                                       fleet sale number, as well as a       the Australian business.
     and have the capability to do so.      capabilities and increasing our                                     lower number of short term            Costs remained at or below
                                            capacity to service the private                                     (flex-fleet) stock for the year.      expectation for the year.
     Vehicle sales overall delivered                                                                            The vehicle sales result was
                                            market. Retail accessories and
     628 units, up from 600 in the                                                                              impacted by softening consumer        The outlook for the business
                                            service revenue increased 31%
     year prior. This was around 100                                                                            confidence since December and         is generally positive with the
                                            compared to prior year, with online
     units short of our desired goal.                                                                           the insolvency of a Queensland        one-off dealer debtor issue behind
                                            sales increasing over 90%. RVSC
     The greatest shortfall remained                                                                                                                  us. With broader tourism growth
                                            has reaffirmed its position as the                                  dealer. Since the May 2019 federal
     in the lower value minivan fleet,                                                                          election, the market has stabilised   slowing, we are expecting single
                                            largest RV dealership in NZ.
     which significantly missed                                                                                 somewhat; however, there are          digit revenue growth and some
     targets. This has been an issue        The competitive landscape has                                                                             vehicle sales growth. EBIT growth
                                                                                                                still market concerns over the
     now throughout the year and the        remained stable in the last 12                                                                            in FY20 will be softer than the
                                                                                                                softening of the caravan sales
     various marketing efforts have         months, with no significant                                                                               prior few years, however we
                                                                                                                market, which affects some of
     failed to yield the appropriate        changes to the market.                                                                                    remain confident in achieving
                                                                                                                our competitors.
     results. As a result, the category     The outlook for FY20 remains                                                                              ROFE improvements and the
     is under review to ensure we have      positive, with an expectation of                                                                          future outlook for the business.
     a product and price position that      positive rental revenue growth,
     meets the market needs. There          some vehicle sales growth and
     was also a shortfall in used sales     development of ongoing
     against our target, however            efficiencies in the business.
     there was nothing of concern
     for the future or with our product
     or pricing.




58   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                   59
     USA
     our current challenge

     Without any doubt, it has                 Vehicle sales                                                         We have been able to use the          Two El Monte RV branches have          Outlook
                                                                                                                     Road Bear RV dealer networks          been announced as closing, with
     been a disappointing and                  The US RV sales market is coming                                                                                                                   The outlook for the USA vehicle
                                               off the back of the two strongest
                                                                                       Rental revenue (USD)          to sell some of the older, higher     significant savings in property and    sales market is still concerning at
     difficult year for the USA                                                                                      mileage El Monte RV product,          labour costs. We have also made


                                                                                       -2%
                                               years ever in 2018 and 2017 and,                                                                                                                   the moment, but the key within
     business. Throughout the                  with ten years of growth, is still                                    which operates at a different price   solid progress in driving down         thl is the adjustment of our
     year, thl has very openly                 very sound. The industry has                                          point and is, in these times, often   operating costs, while improving       purchases down to ensure our
                                               enjoyed positive results in its                                       more attractive to the very price     execution across the rentals           rental fleet and total fleet numbers
     reported the issues and the                                                                                     conscious consumer.                   operations. These savings will
                                               attempts to attract new, younger                                                                                                                   are in line with our expectations
     action plan for remediation.              markets into RVs and, while tariffs,    Vehicle sales revenue (USD)
                                                                                                                                                           primarily benefit FY21.                and the ROFE goals.
                                                                                                                     Rentals
                                               interest rate dynamics and over-                                                                            The FY20 capital expenditure           We are a small player in a very


                                                                                       -33%
     While we expect the USA FY20                                                                                    While the international rentals
                                               supply generated headwinds in                                                                               in the USA will be lowered by
     result will not recover to prior years’                                                                         market has delivered very pleasing                                           large market and are continuing
                                               the latter part of 2018 and 2019, the                                                                       approximately US$40M by the end        to invest in new vehicles areas and
     levels, we are absolutely focused                                                                               results for FY19, the domestic US
                                               long term market climate for the                                                                            of FY20. This will result in a small
     on getting the USA business back                                                                                market continues to be impacted                                              marketing methods.
                                               industry is expected to be positive.                                                                        increase in fleet age (less than 0.5
     into shape. We have reviewed our                                                                                by increased competition from the                                            From a rentals perspective, we
                                               Within thl our revenue for vehicle                                                                          years), but this will not impact on
     strategy and are confident in our                                                 EBIT (USD)                    peer-to-peer market.                                                         have experienced ongoing growth
                                               sales dropped close to 27% in                                                                               the quality proposition for our
     direction. An extensive review was                                                                                                                                                           from the international markets


                                                                                       -41%
                                               NZD terms.                                                            Total rental (services) revenue was   customers. These decisions have
     announced in May 2019 and we are                                                                                                                                                             and continue to see price pressure
     well on the way to completing                                                                                   US$55.5M, compared to US$56.6M        been made with consideration of
                                               If you review the last few decades                                                                          the flow-on impacts into FY21          from the peer-to-peer market on
     delivery already.                                                                                               in the prior period - a decrease
                                               of data, you can see these kinds of                                                                         rental and sales income.               domestic bookings.
                                                                                                                     of 2%.
     The EBIT result for the USA was           impacts periodically; however, over
                                               the long run, the category has                                        The repositioning of El Monte RV      Gordon Hewston is now the              Summary
     US$8.6M, which was down from
                                               strong single digit growth.                                           in the international markets has      ‘General Manager - USA RV              The USA financial results are not
     US$14.6M the prior year. This drop
                                                                                                                     gone extremely well, with pleasing    Operations’, heading up both the       acceptable and the current vehicle
     of 41% is dramatic and primarily          In FY19, we have seen 30-40%
                                                                                                                     growth in bookings from the core      El Monte RV and Road Bear RV
     reflects the vehicle sales shortfalls.    declines in shipments of new RVs                                                                                                                   sales market conditions are poor.
                                                                                                                     European markets across each of       brands. Gordon was previously          However, our focus at this time is
     The impact hits the P&L in four           to the wholesale market and
     ways. Firstly, the drop in gross                                                                                the last two seasons. The fleet has   the GM of El Monte RV and, before      ROFE and business model
                                               evidence of around half that rate                                                                           that, led the NZ rentals and sales
     margin from lower vehicle sales                                                                                 been refreshed by purchases in                                               development, to ensure that we
                                               of decline in the retail market.                                                                            operations. Daniel Schneider
     volumes. Secondly, from the lower                                                                               FY18 and FY19 and resulted in                                                pull funds from the market to
                                               Dealers have been heavily stocked                                                                           (previously the owner of Road Bear
     gross margin through lower                                                                                      excellent customer satisfaction                                              reallocate elsewhere and adapt to
                                               and competition pricing, therefore,
     pricing. Thirdly, from higher                                                                                   results and lowered fleet operating   RV and a consultant to thl) has        the current conditions.
                                               has been decreasing, with                                                                                   taken on greater responsibilities,
     operating costs, by holding more                                                                                costs. A tighter focus on
                                               discounting from retailers and                                                                              with a focus on vehicle sales in the
     fleet than expected. And, finally,                                                                              operational excellence has
                                               manufacturers creating margin
     through higher depreciation                                                                                     benefited the El Monte RV brand.      adapted role of ‘Executive Director
                                               pressure. This has primarily had                                                                            USA Operations’. Both Gordon and
     from the excess fleet. The impact         an impact on the Road Bear RV                                         The Road Bear RV brand has
                                                                                                                                                           Daniel report directly to CEO,
     is profound, but is not a systemic        sales operation, which operates                                       delivered another strong year in
                                                                                                                                                           Grant Webster.
     change to the business; we                exclusively in wholesale, and                                         rentals bookings, with the
     are adjusting fleet and will              has underperformed in FY19                                            premium proposition continuing        Jerry Hunter, an experienced RV
     see significant benefits as the           compared to the two previous                                          to be well received in the core       sales leader, has taken on a role
     fleet size adjusts back down              years, when record volumes                                            European markets.                     spearheading our wholesale
     to requirements.                          and margins were posted. The                                                                                operation and Ben Lane,
                                               El Monte RV retail operation has                                      Market and capital                    with extensive thl experience
                                               also been impacted by these                                           review delivery                       in revenue and business
                                               market conditions, but not to the                                     The review announced in May           development, has been appointed
                                               same degree.                                                          is well on the way to completion,     to focus on rentals revenue.
                                                                                                                     with property savings of US$500-
                                                                                                                     800k, labour savings of
                                                                                                                     approximately US$1M and
                                                                                                                     operating savings on track.




60   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                   61
     Tourism
     strong ROFE performance                                                                        Equity investments

     The tourism group delivered             Kiwi Experience had a challenging                      Over the last ten years                  associated with the acquisition of       There is an ongoing need for fleet
                                             year. Significant drops in                                                                      Fairfax Industries and associated        renewal within the transport
     an EBIT result of $12.3M -                                                                     thl has found that, in the
                                             backpacker arrivals from core          Revenue (NZD)                                            amalgamation and restructuring           industry and we have seen orders
     up from $11.9M in the prior             European source markets had a                          markets we operate in,                   costs. Secondly, costs associated        resume in the last two months.


                                                                                    -1%
     year. Within that, the Kiwi             direct impact on revenue.                              it is sometimes appropriate              with new vehicle type development,
                                                                                                                                                                                      The outlook for Action
     Experience result was down              However, second-half results                           to operate a joint venture               which were not capitalised.
                                                                                                                                                                                      Manufacturing in FY20 is positive
                                             outperformed the market, with                                                                   The hours on new product
     on the prior year and                                                                          business - always with                                                            following a year of consolidation
                                             cost reductions, yield growth                                                                   development were substantially
                                                                                                                                                                                      in FY19.
     expectations. The ROFE                  and marketing initiatives having
                                                                                    EBIT (NZD)
                                                                                                    a partner who offers                     higher than in prior years and we
     was close to 56%.                       a positive impact. Kiwi Experience                     something that we can’t                  will see the benefit of that in future   Just go


                                                                                    +3%
                                             has, for a long time, had a hire-in                                                             years, with new lower weight             expanding
                                             model for the fleet and, thus, has a
                                                                                                    at the time, or in the long              materials and a more efficient
     The Waitomo business delivered
                                                                                                    term. We would consider                                                           Whilst the Just go business is very
     another significant growth year,        very low funds employed                                                                         build design for our core large
                                             requirement. The difficulties in the                                                            motorhome fleet.                         small when compared to thl as a
     driven by growth in international                                                              all those relationships as                                                        whole, it plays an important role in
     visitor arrivals (IVA), with some       market at present have been seen
                                                                                                    positive, enduring and                   Production began on the new              expanding our knowledge of the
     softening markets. The ROFE of          before in the backpacker segment
                                                                                                    strategically aligned with               Platinum product for thl Australia       UK and European market and
     this business is now well in excess     in New Zealand throughout
                                                                                                                                             and New Zealand, which lowered           providing an import vehicle option
     of expectations and historical          different cycles. The fact that Kiwi                   the global growth                        productivity; however, the build         for New Zealand rentals that
     norms. The ROFE result reflects         Experience has no requirement for                      considerations for thl.                  hours are expected to reduce
                                             ongoing capital for fleet puts us in                                                                                                     benefits both businesses.
     the very strong operating leverage                                                                                                      significantly in FY20. The product
     in the business.                        a strong position to continue to
                                                                                                                                             has been very well received by the       The Just go NPAT of $246k was up
                                             weather these conditions.                              Togo Group                                                                        on the prior year result of $204k
     The domestic market was down                                                                   a postive future remains                 thl rentals businesses.
                                             Within the coming year we will                                                                                                           and we have higher expectations
     on the prior year, similar to most                                                                                                      The eRV product is likely a world
                                                                                                    The Togo Group direction and                                                      moving forward. The opening of a
     New Zealand tourism businesses.         introduce new product lines
                                                                                                    performance has been covered in          first and has provided significant       branch in Scotland is a milestone
     Other market development was            designed to broaden the customer
                                                                                                    other parts of this report. In short,    lessons and partnership                  and, along with an increased focus
     generally in line with international    base and continue the cost
                                                                                                    the investment in the business of        opportunities on a global basis.         on vehicle sales, will drive improved
     visitor arrivals statistics; however,   reduction process, which provided
                                                                                                    NZD $12.8M (thl 50% share) was           The development of electric              profitability for thl.
     overall we still appear to be           gains in the second half of FY19.
                                                                                                    $2.1M lower than we had planned.         motorhomes could well be a point
     growing share.                          Overall, the expectations are for
                                                                                                    This was due to reduced marketing        of competitive advantage for
                                             growth in FY20.
     Within the Waitomo business,                                                                   spend and overheads, given the           Action into the future.
     the conversion to retail and food                                                              Togo RV product is not currently         Sales to external customers such
     & beverage revenue continues                                                                   creating the depth of engagement         as ambulances, dental health                thl share
     to grow and EBIT margins                                                                       we require.                              units and parcel delivery vehicles          Action Manufacturing NPBT (NZD)
     remained high.                                                                                                                          continued strongly in both
                                                                                                    Roadtrippers outperformed


                                                                                                                                                                                         -46%
     The outlook for Waitomo remains                                                                expectations and is currently on         New Zealand and Australia.
     positive, despite concerns within                                                              track with FY20 revenue goals.           The design capabilities within
     the broader tourism industry                                                                   Togo RV needs more features and          the Action group are now well
     regarding slowing growth. With                                                                 development resource, which has          recognised in the industry, and
     the combination of assets we                                                                   been allocated. Mighway has not          the penetration into the Australian
                                                                                                                                                                                         Just go NPAT (NZD)
     have in the region, and marketing                                                              performed in the USA and we have         market is pleasing.



                                                                                                                                                                                         +20%
     relationships with Hobbiton and                                                                stopped investment there for the         The Fairfax acquisition will have
     Te Puia, we see some visitor                                                                   interim. The New Zealand Mighway         substantial benefits into the
     numbers growth for FY20.                                                                       business continues to grow.              future for both Action and thl.
     There are future development                                                                                                            Disappointingly, the second
     opportunities that we are still                                                                Action Manufacturing                     half of FY19 was very slow for
     exploring in the region, and we                                                                a difficult year, brighter FY20          this business from a sales
                                                                                                                                                                                         Togo Group NPBT (NZD)
     have further growth options                                                                                                             perspective, with a large number


                                                                                                                                                                                         -$12.8M
                                                                                                    The FY19 NPBT result of $1.5M (thl
     with the Homestead business                                                                                                             of key transport operators in
                                                                                                    50% share) was well down on last
     that we purchased in FY16.                                                                                                              New Zealand reducing orders
                                                                                                    year’s result of $2.9M - a 46%
                                                                                                    decline. The loss in profitability was   citing a lack of business
                                                                                                    specific in nature and broadly fell      confidence in the coming
                                                                                                    into two categories. Firstly, costs      12 months.



62   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                        63
                                              Directors’
                                              statement


                                              The Directors of Tourism Holdings Limited (thl) are pleased
                                              to present to shareholders, the Annual Financial Statements
                                              for thl and its controlled entities (together the ‘Group’) for the
                                              year to 30 June 2019.

                                              The Directors are responsible for presenting financial
                                              statements in accordance with New Zealand law and
                                              generally accepted accounting practice, which present fairly,
                                              in all material respects, the financial position of the Group as
                                              at 30 June 2019 and the results of the Group’s operations and
                                              cash flows for the year ended on that date.

                                              The Directors consider the financial statements of the Group
                                              have been prepared using accounting policies which have
                                              been consistently applied and supported by reasonable
                                              judgements and estimates and that all relevant financial
                                              reporting and accounting standards have been followed.

                                              The Directors believe that proper accounting records have
                                              been kept which enable, with reasonable accuracy, the
                                              determination of the financial position of the Group and
                                              facilitate compliance of the financial statements with the
                                              Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

                                              The Directors consider that they have taken adequate steps
                                              to safeguard the assets of the Group, and to prevent and
                                              detect fraud and other irregularities.

                                              Internal control procedures are also considered to be sufficient
                                              to provide a reasonable assurance as to the integrity and
                                              reliability of the financial statements.

                                              This document constitutes the 2019 Annual Report
                                              to Shareholders of Tourism Holdings Limited.

                                              This Annual Report is signed on behalf of the Board by:




       65      Directors’ statement
                                              Rob Campbell                            Graeme Wong
       66      Consolidated income
               statement                      Chairman                                Director
       67      Consolidated statement
               of comprehensive income        26 August 2019
       68      Consolidated statement
               of changes in equity
       69      Consolidated statement
               of financial position
       70      Consolidated statement
               of cash flows
       71      Notes to the consolidated
               financial statements
       121     Independent auditor’s report
       126     Corporate Governance
       142     Board of directors
       143     Corporate information




64   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                             65
Consolidated income statement                                                                                                 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 30 June 2019                                                                                               For the year ended 30 June 2019




                                                                                                         2019          2018                                                                                                            2019       2018
                                                                                        NOTES          $000’s        $000’s                                                                                           NOTES          $000’s     $000’s

Sales of services                                                                           2        292,199      273,087     Profit for the year                                                                                   29,753     62,354

Sales of goods                                                                              2        130,805      152,790     Other comprehensive income
Total revenue                                                                                        423,004      425,877     Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Cost of sales                                                                               2       (114,373)     (129,765)   Foreign currency translation reserve movement (net of tax)                                22           (2,207)   11,419

Gross profit                                                                                         308,631      296,112     Cash flow hedge reserve movement (net of tax)                                             31           (3,645)    1,825

Administration expenses                                                                   4,5        (49,469)      (47,849)   Other comprehensive (loss)/income for year net of tax                                                  (5,852)   13,244

Operating expenses                                                                        4,5       (197,160)     (186,357)   Total comprehensive income for year attributable to
                                                                                                                              equity holders of the company                                                                         23,901     75,598
Other income/(expenses), net                                                                3              141     24,673

Operating profit before financing costs                                                               62,143       86,579

Finance income                                                                              6               87         30

Finance expenses                                                                            7        (11,289)       (9,411)

Net finance costs                                                                                    (11,202)       (9,381)

Share of profit/(loss) from associates                                                    18               246        (784)

Share of loss from joint ventures                                                         17         (11,294)         (245)

Profit before tax                                                                                     39,893       76,169

Income tax expense                                                                          8        (10,140)      (13,815)

Profit for the year                                                                                   29,753       62,354



Earnings per share from profit for the year attributable to the equity holders
                                                                                            9
of the company
Basic earnings per share (in cents)                                                                        23.7       50.8

Diluted earnings per share (in cents)                                                                      23.3       49.0




The accompanying notes form part of, and should be read in conjunction with, these financial statements.                      The accompanying notes form part of, and should be read in conjunction with, these financial statements.



66   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                              67
Consolidated statement of changes in equity                                                                                            Consolidated statement of financial position
For the year ended 30 June 2019                                                                                                        As at 30 June 2019




                                                                                                 CASH FLOW                                                                                                                                      2019        2018
                                                                            SHARE    RETAINED        HEDGE        OTHER      TOTAL                                                                                                NOTES       $000’s      $000’s
                                                                           CAPITAL   EARNINGS      RESERVE     RESERVES     EQUITY
                                                                  NOTES     $000’s      $000’s       $000’s       $000’s     $000’s
                                                                                                                                       Assets
Opening balance as at 1 July 2018                                         180,806     59,725          (838)     10,318     250,011     Non-current assets
Comprehensive income                                                                                                                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                12      407,016     384,160
Net profit for the year ended 30 June 2019                          21          –     29,753              –           –     29,753     Intangible assets                                                                            16       44,180      44,647

Other comprehensive income                                                                                                             Derivative financial instruments                                                             30              –     1,472

Cash flow hedge reserve movement (net of tax)                       31          –           –       (3,645)           –     (3,645)    Investment in joint ventures                                                                 17       51,106      52,410

                                                                                                                 (2,207)    (2,207)    Investment in associates                                                                     18        4,319       4,188
Foreign currency translation reserve movement (net of tax)          22          –           –             –

                                                                                      29,753        (3,645)      (2,207)    23,901
                                                                                                                                       Advance to joint venture                                                                     17            625         –
Total comprehensive income                                                      –
                                                                                                                                       Total non-current assets                                                                             507,246     486,877
Transactions with owners                                                        –
                                                                                                                                       Current assets
Dividends on ordinary shares                                        10          –     (33,385)            –           –    (33,385)
                                                                                                                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                              8,837      13,534
Issue of ordinary shares (net of issue costs)                       20     36,122           –             –           –     36,122
                                                                                                                                       Trade and other receivables                                                                  26       28,964      26,647
Transfer from employee share scheme reserve                         22         84          83             –        (167)          –
                                                                                                                                       Inventories                                                                                  15       56,219      49,788
Employee share scheme reserve                                       22          –           –             –        368         368
                                                                                                                                       Advance to joint venture                                                                     17            976      850
Total transactions with owners                                             36,206     (33,302)            –        201       3,105
                                                                                                                                       Current tax receivables                                                                                    191         –
Closing balance as at 30 June 2019                                        217,012     56,176        (4,483)       8,312    277,017
                                                                                                                                       Derivative financial instruments                                                             30             40      291
                                                                                                                                       Total current assets                                                                                  95,227      91,110
For the year ended 30 June 2018                                                                                                        Total assets                                                                                         602,473     577,987
                                                                                                                                       Equity
                                                                                                 CASH FLOW
                                                                            SHARE    RETAINED        HEDGE        OTHER       TOTAL    Share capital                                                                                20      217,012     180,806
                                                                           CAPITAL   EARNINGS      RESERVE     RESERVES      EQUITY
                                                                  NOTES     $000’s      $000’s        $000’s      $000’s      $000’s   Other reserves                                                                               22        8,312      10,318

Opening balance as at 1 July 2017                                         171,241     26,552        (2,663)      (1,186)   193,944     Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                      31        (4,483)      (838)

Comprehensive income                                                                                                                   Retained earnings                                                                            21       56,176      59,725

Net profit for the year ended 30 June 2018                          21          –     62,354              –           –     62,354     Total equity                                                                                         277,017     250,011

Other comprehensive income                                                                                                             Liabilities
                                                                                                                                       Non-current liabilities
Cash flow hedge reserve movement (net of tax)                       31          –           –        1,825            –      1,825
                                                                                                                                       Interest-bearing loans and borrowings                                                        23      210,980     212,102
Foreign currency translation reserve movement (net of tax)          22          –           –             –     11,419      11,419
                                                                                                                                       Derivative financial instruments                                                             30        5,798       2,916
Total comprehensive income                                                      -     62,354         1,825      11,419      75,598
                                                                                                                                       Deferred income tax liability                                                                35       22,224      23,053
Transactions with owners
                                                                                                                                       Total non-current liabilities                                                                        239,002     238,071
Dividends on ordinary shares                                        10          -     (29,181)            –           –    (29,181)
                                                                                                                                       Current liabilities
Issue of ordinary shares                                            20      9,324           –             –           –      9,324
                                                                                                                                       Interest bearing loans and borrowings                                                        23             46      221
Transfer from employee share scheme reserve                         22        241           –             –        (241)          –
                                                                                                                                       Trade and other payables                                                                     27       47,489      51,946
Employee share scheme reserve                                       22          –           –             –        326         326
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             25,544      24,565
                                                                                                                                       Revenue in advance
Total transactions with owners                                              9,565     (29,181)            –          85    (19,531)
                                                                                                                                       Employee benefits                                                                                      8,400       8,409
Closing balance as at 30 June 2018                                        180,806     59,725          (838)     10,318     250,011     Derivative financial instruments                                                             30            461         –
                                                                                                                                       Current tax liabilities                                                                                4,514       4,764
                                                                                                                                       Total current liabilities                                                                             86,454      89,905
                                                                                                                                       Total liabilities                                                                                    325,456     327,976
                                                                                                                                       Total equity and liabilities                                                                         602,473     577,987


                                                                                                                                       For and on behalf of the Board who authorised the issue of the financial report on 26 August 2019.




The accompanying notes form part of, and should be read in conjunction with, these financial statements.                               R J Campbell                                                       G Wong
                                                                                                                                       Chairman of the Board                                              Chairman of the Audit Committee
                                                                                                                                       26 August 2019                                                     26 August 2019

68   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                 The accompanying notes form part of, and should be read in conjunction with, these financial statements.               69
Consolidated statement of cash flows                                                                                                Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2019


                                                                                                                                    Index to Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                                             2019            2018        About this report                                            72
                                                                                           NOTES           $000’s          $000’s
                                                                                                                                         Section A – Financial performance                            74
Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                1    Segment note                                                 74
Receipts from sale of services                                                                          298,998         278,145     2    Revenue                                                      76
Proceeds from sale of goods                                                                             130,805         152,790     3    Other operating income/(expenses), net                       77
Interest received                                                                             6               87              30    4    Profit before tax includes the following specific expenses   78
Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                    (224,119)        (212,601)   5    Employee benefits expense                                    78
                                                                                                                                    6    Finance income                                               79
Purchase of rental assets                                                                              (176,075)        (178,096)
                                                                                                                                    7    Finance expenses                                             79
Interest paid                                                                                            (11,134)         (9,411)
                                                                                                                                    8    Income tax                                                   79
Taxation paid                                                                                             (8,361)         (6,254)
                                                                                                                                    9    Earnings per share                                           80
Net cash flows from operating activities                                                     34          10,201           24,603
                                                                                                                                    10   Dividends                                                    81
Cash flows from investing activities                                                                                                11   Imputation credits                                           81
Sale of property, plant and equipment                                                        12                8           1,240         Section B – Assets used to generate profit                   82
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                    12           (3,884)         (2,618)   12   Property, plant and equipment                                82
Advance to joint ventures                                                                    17           (1,500)           (819)   13   Capital commitments                                          84
Receipts from joint ventures                                                                 17             751              363    14   Operating leases                                             85

Purchase of intangibles                                                                                     (407)         (1,985)   15   Inventories                                                  85
                                                                                                                                    16   Intangible assets                                            86
Dividends received from associate and joint ventures                                                           –             250
                                                                                                                                         Section C – Investments                                      89
Investments in associates and joint ventures                                                 17           (9,589)         (9,393)
                                                                                                                                    17   Joint ventures                                               89
Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                              (14,621)        (12,962)
                                                                                                                                    18   Investments in associate                                     94
Cash flows from financing activities
                                                                                                                                    19   Subsidiaries                                                 94
Net proceeds from borrowings                                                                 23           (1,677)         15,343         Section D – Managing funding                                 95
Dividends paid                                                                               10          (29,429)        (22,858)   20   Share capital                                                95
Proceeds from share issue (net of issue costs)                                               20          30,798            2,805    21   Retained earnings                                            96
Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                                 (308)         (4,710)   22   Other reserves                                               96
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                      (4,728)          6,931    23   Borrowings                                                   97

Opening cash and cash equivalents                                                                        13,534            6,117    24   Leased assets in property, plant and equipment               99
                                                                                                                                    25   Other commitments                                            99
Exchange gains on cash and cash equivalents                                                                   31             486
                                                                                                                                    26   Trade and other receivables                                  100
Closing cash and cash equivalents                                                                          8,837          13,534
                                                                                                                                    27   Trade and other payables                                     101
                                                                                                                                    28   Financial instruments                                        101
Significant non cash transactions:
During the year ended 30 June 2018, the Group contributed certain assets and liabilities as part of its investment in Togo Group,        Section E – Managing risk                                    103
previously known as TH2connect LLC (TH2) (refer to note 17).                                                                        29   Financial risk management                                    103
                                                                                                                                    30   Derivative financial instruments                             107
                                                                                                                                    31   Cash flow hedge reserve                                      109
                                                                                                                                         Section F – Other                                            110
                                                                                                                                    32   Related party transactions                                   110
                                                                                                                                    33   Share-based payments                                         112
                                                                                                                                    34   Reconciliation of profit after taxation with cash flows
                                                                                                                                         from operating activities                                    116
                                                                                                                                    35   Deferred income tax                                          118
                                                                                                                                    36   Changes in accounting policies and disclosures               119
                                                                                                                                    37   Contingencies                                                120
                                                                                                                                    38   Events after the reporting period                            120



The accompanying notes form part of, and should be read in conjunction with, these financial statements.



70   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                      71
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                               Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


About this report                                                                                                                        About this report (continued)

Basis of preparation                                                  Critical accounting estimates and judgements                       (i)   assets and liabilities for each statement of financial
                                                                                                                                               position (‘balance sheet’) presented are translated at the
The primary operations of Tourism Holdings Limited (the               Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and                   closing rate at the date of that balance sheet;
‘Company’ or ‘Parent’ or ‘thl ’) and its subsidiaries (together the   are based on historical experience and other factors,
‘Group’) are the manufacture, rental and sale of motorhomes           including expectations of future events that are believed          (ii) income and expenses for each income statement are
and other tourism related activities. The Parent is domiciled in      to be reasonable under the circumstances.                               translated at the average monthly exchange rates; and
New Zealand. The registered office is Level 1, 83 Beach Road,
Auckland 1010, New Zealand. Tourism Holdings Limited is a             The preparation of consolidated financial statements in            (iii) all resulting exchange differences are recognised as a
company registered under the Companies Act 1993 and is                conformity with NZ IFRS requires the use of certain critical             separate component of equity.
an FMC reporting entity under Part 7 of the Financial Markets         accounting estimates. It also requires management to
Conduct Act 2013.                                                     exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s      Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition
                                                                      accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree           of a foreign entity are treated as assets and liabilities of the
The consolidated financial statements of the Group have               of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions             foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.
been prepared:                                                        and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial
                                                                      statements, are:                                                   Transactions and balances in the functional currency
• in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Practice
                                                                                                                                         Foreign currency transactions are translated into the
  (GAAP), and comply with New Zealand equivalents to                  • Income tax (Page 79)
                                                                                                                                         functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at
  International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS)
                                                                      • Property, plant and equipment (depreciation rates, residual      the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and
  and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS),
                                                                        values and inventory reclassification) (Page 82)                 losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and
  as applicable for a “for profit” entity;
                                                                                                                                         from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary
• in accordance with the requirements of Part 7 of the                • Impairment of non-financial assets include investments in        assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
  Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 and the NZX Main                   associate and joint ventures (Page 89), and goodwill arising     recognised in the income statement, except when deferred
  Board Listing Rules;                                                  from business combinations (Page 87).                            in equity as qualifying cash flow hedges.

                                                                                                                                         At the end of each reporting period:
• under the historical cost convention, as modified by the            Summary of significant accounting policies
  revaluation of certain assets and liabilities as identified in
                                                                      a) Consolidation                                                   (a) foreign currency monetary items are translated using
  specific accounting policies; and
                                                                                                                                             the closing rate;
                                                                      The Group consolidates its subsidiaries, as these are the
• in New Zealand dollars with values rounded to thousands             entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls      (b) non-monetary items that are measured in terms of
  ($000’s) unless otherwise stated.                                   an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to,              historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using
                                                                      variable returns from its involvement with the entity and              the exchange rate at the date of the transaction; and
Although at 30 June 2019 the Group had a net current asset            has the ability to affect those returns through its power
position of $8,773k, throughout most months during the                over the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the      (c) non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in
financial year, the Group has net current liabilities. The net        date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are            a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates
current liability position arises mainly from the revenue in          deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.                      at the date when the fair value was measured.
advance liability that reflects the collection of rental income
from customers prior to the month of travel. This liability           Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains
is recognised as revenue in future months and does not                on transactions between Group companies are eliminated.
represent a future outward cash flow.                                 Unrealised losses are also eliminated but considered an
                                                                      impairment indicator of the asset transferred. Accounting
Throughout this document, accounting policies and critical            policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary
accounting estimates are identified using the following key:          to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
                                                                      Information on the Group’s subsidiaries can be found in note 19.
Key:
                = Accounting policy                                   b) Foreign currency translation
                                                                      Functional and presentation currency
               = Critical accounting estimate
                                                                      Items included in the financial statements of each of the
                                                                      Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the
                                                                      primary economic environment in which the entity operates
                                                                      (‘the functional currency’). The consolidated financial
                                                                      statements are presented in New Zealand dollars, rounded to
                                                                      the nearest thousand, which is the Company’s functional and
                                                                      presentation currency.

                                                                      Translation into presentation currency
                                                                      The results and financial position of all the Group entities
                                                                      (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary
                                                                      economy) that have a functional currency different from the
                                                                      presentation currency are translated into the presentation
                                                                      currency as follows:




72     thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                    73
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                           Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


Section A – Financial performance                                                                                                    1. Segment note (continued)


In this section                                                                                                                                                                               NEW ZEALAND
This section explains the financial performance of thl, providing additional information about individual items in the income                                                                          TOURISM        AUSTRALIA    UNITED STATES
                                                                                                                                                                                            RENTALS     GROUP          RENTALS          RENTALS      OTHER       TOTAL
statement, including segmental information, certain expenses and dividend distribution information.                                  2018                                                     $000’s     $000’s           $000’s           $000’s    $000’s      $000’s

                                                                                                                                     Sales of services                                      88,532     41,810           64,875           77,102       768     273,087

                                                                                                                                     Sales of goods                                         46,809           –          15,362           90,619          –    152,790
1. Segment note                                                                                                                      Revenue from external customers                       135,341     41,810           80,237         167,721        768     425,877

                                                                                                                                     Depreciation                                           (17,018)    (1,657)        (14,228)         (12,950)      (191)    (46,044)
The operating segments of thl are reported from a geographic and service type perspective. They are made up of the following         Amortisation                                              (272)      (665)             (33)               –      (358)     (1,328)
business operations:
                                                                                                                                     Other costs                                            (92,398)   (27,580)        (55,407)        (135,032)    18,491    (291,926)
• New Zealand Rentals – Rental of maui, Britz and Mighty motorhomes, and the sale of motorhomes
                                                                                                                                     Operating profit/(loss) before interest and tax        25,653     11,908           10,569           19,739     18,710     86,579
• Tourism Group – Kiwi Experience and the Discover Waitomo Caves Group experiences                                                   Interest income                                              –          –               10                5        15          30

• Australia Rentals – Rental of maui, Britz and Mighty motorhomes and 4WD vehicles, and the sale of motorhomes                       Interest expense                                           (24)         –           (1,239)         (2,751)    (5,397)     (9,411)

                                                                                                                                     Share of profit/(loss) from joint ventures
• United States Rentals – Rental and sale of Road Bear, Britz, Mighty and El Monte RVs                                               and associates                                               –          –                –                –    (1,029)     (1,029)

• Other – includes Group Support Services and Mighway, prior to it being contributed to Togo Group. The joint ventures and           Operating profit/(loss) before tax                     25,629     11,908            9,340           16,993     12,299     76,169
  associates are also included in this category                                                                                      Taxation                                                (6,963)    (3,457)          (2,813)         (2,327)     1,745     (13,815)

                                                                                                                                     Operating profit/(loss) – after interest and tax       18,666       8,451           6,527           14,666     14,044     62,354

                                                         NEW ZEALAND
                                                                 TOURISM        AUSTRALIA     UNITED STATES
                                                       RENTALS     GROUP          RENTALS          RENTALS      OTHER       TOTAL    Capital expenditure                                    55,673         661          33,285           96,141     (1,065)   184,695
2019                                                     $000’s     $000’s          $000’s            $000’s    $000’s      $000’s

Sales of services                                      97,887      41,432          69,969           82,911           –    292,199
                                                                                                                                     Non-current assets                                    143,831     25,225           87,269         171,067      59,485    486,877
Sales of goods                                         50,763           –          13,553           66,489           –    130,805
                                                                                                                                     Total assets                                          179,138     27,857         110,122          198,033      62,837    577,987
Revenue from external customers                       148,650      41,432          83,522          149,400           –    423,004

Depreciation                                           (19,452)    (1,521)        (14,634)         (15,744)      (194)    (51,545)
                                                                                                                                     Net funds employed                                    140,115     23,780           70,642         158,964      55,299    448,800
Amortisation                                               (87)      (692)            (33)               (2)     (283)     (1,097)

Other costs – external                                 (97,619)   (26,938)        (57,536)        (120,625)     (5,501) (308,219)
                                                                                                                                     Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
Operating profit/(loss) before interest and tax        31,492      12,281          11,319           13,029      (5,978)    62,143    decision-maker (CODM). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating
                                                                                                                                     segments, has been identified as the executive management team together with the Board of Directors, who together make
Interest income                                              –          –                14              10        63           87
                                                                                                                                     strategic decisions.
Interest expense                                            (5)         –            (638)           (3,851)    (6,795)   (11,289)
                                                                                                                                     Operating profit/(loss) before interest and tax is the main financial measure used by the CODM to review the Group’s performance.
Share of profit/(loss) from joint ventures and
                                                                                                                                     Interest income and expenditure are not included in the result for each operating segment that is reviewed by the CODM.
associates                                                   –          –                 –               –    (11,048)   (11,048)
Operating profit/(loss) before tax                     31,487      12,281          10,695            9,188     (23,758)    39,893    Inter-segment transactions such as Group Support Services recharges are entered into under normal commercial terms and
Taxation                                                (8,947)    (3,595)         (3,003)             (517)    5,922     (10,140)   conditions that would also be available to unrelated third parties. All revenue is reported to the executive team on a basis
                                                                                                                                     consistent with that used in the income statement.
Operating profit/(loss) – after interest and tax       22,540       8,686           7,692            8,671     (17,836)    29,753
                                                                                                                                     Segment assets consist primarily of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, inventories, receivables and operating
                                                                                                                                     cash. The investments and derivatives designated as hedges of borrowings are allocated to “Other segment’. Net funds
Capital expenditure                                    61,529         451          27,412           92,386      1,742     183,520    employed are total assets less segment non-interest-bearing liabilities and cash on hand.


Non-current assets                                    155,113      23,487          87,007          182,917     58,722     507,246

Total assets                                          188,522      25,524         106,336          220,602     61,489     602,473



Net funds employed                                    148,378      21,879          72,205          184,291     52,453     479,206




74     thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                             75
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                           Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


2. Revenue                                                                                                                           2. Revenue (continued)


                                                                                                                                     Sales of services
     NZ IFRS 15 ‘Revenue from contracts with customers’                                                                              Sale of services includes revenue from rental of motorhomes, Wi-Fi, accessories and additional services relating to the rental
     Effective 1 July 2018, the Group adopted NZ IFRS 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’ on a modified retrospective         of motorhomes and the sale of tourism experiences (Kiwi Experience and Waitomo).
     basis. On adoption the Group reassessed the revenue policies and concluded that in regards to the rental of motorhomes,
     a lease component has been identified and accordingly this portion of revenue is recognised under NZ IAS 17 (prior to                                                                                                                                      2019               2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              $000’s             $000’s
     adoption of NZ IFRS 16) as opposed to under NZ IFRS 15. This does not have any impact on revenue recognition, however
     does affect the disclosure thereof. Refer to the Rental Revenue paragraph below.                                                Rental revenue                                                                                                        197,210            179,757

     Comparatives continue to be reported under NZ IAS 18 and have therefore not been restated and no adjustment was                 Service revenue                                                                                                        94,989             93,330
     made to the opening retained earnings amount as at 1 July 2018.                                                                 Total sale of services                                                                                                292,199            273,087

     Revenue recognition processes and accounting policies have been amended to ensure that the five-step method,
     as defined in NZ IFRS 15, is applied consistently to revenue recognition across the Group.                                      Future minimum rental revenue under non-cancellable operating leases.
     The revenue earned by the Group is derived from the satisfaction of one or more performance obligations, which are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                2019               2018
     satisfied at or over a similar period.                                                                                                                                                                                                                   $000’s             $000’s

     (i) Sales of services                                                                                                           Within one year                                                                                                          7,244             7,059
     Sales of services comprises of rental revenue and service revenue.                                                              Within one to two years                                                                                                       7                 –

     Rental Revenue (in accordance with NZ IAS 17)                                                                                   Total                                                                                                                    7,251             7,059

     Rental revenue is recognised in the accounting period in which the services are rendered, by reference to completion of
     the specific transaction. Where the rental covers a period of more than one day, revenue is recognised on a straight-line       Sale of goods
     basis based on the number of days of the booking that have occurred by year end as a proportion of the total number
                                                                                                                                     • Cost of goods includes the net book value of ex-rental fleet sold and the purchase price of new vehicles, trade-ins and retail
     of days in the booking. The portion of the revenue that occurs after year end is shown as Revenue in Advance on the
                                                                                                                                       goods sold.
     statement of financial position.
                                                                                                                                     • Vehicle selling expenses consists primarily of amounts paid by thl to third party warranty providers, and costs incurred under
     Service Revenue
                                                                                                                                       warranty claims.
     Service Revenue comprises various performance obligations (rental add-ons such as accessories and insurance),
     in which satisfaction in most cases occurs evenly over the rental period and is recognised accordingly. The Group                                                                                                                                          2019               2018
     recognises this revenue over time, as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided                                                                                                                                            $000’s             $000’s
     by the entity’s performance as the entity performs.
                                                                                                                                     Sales of goods                                                                                                        130,805            152,790
     Sales from tourism services are recognised when the service is rendered to the customer and are recognised in the               Cost of goods                                                                                                        (113,176)          (128,401)
     accounting period in which the performance obligation is satisfied, being when the customer obtains the benefit
                                                                                                                                     Vehicle selling expenses                                                                                                (1,197)            (1,364)
     from the service. It relates to the satisfaction of a number of performance obligations at a point in time; the contract
     price that is determined for any single performance obligation is based with reference to the stand alone price and             Cost of sales                                                                                                        (114,373)          (129,765)
     no significant financing components exist, as the transaction is settled within 12 months from the transaction date.            Gross profit                                                                                                           16,432             23,025
     There are no costs to obtain or fulfil the contract.

     The Group prices its products/services on a fixed basis and the pricing is fixed and determinable when the duly executed
     arrangement is finalised. The Group does not have a variable component to its pricing. It has also been determined that
     there are no significant financing components as part of the Group’s sale of services arrangements. The Group does not          3. Other operating income/(expenses), net
     provide for returns or refunds in the contracts with its customers.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                2019               2018
     Revenue from these sales is recognised net of the estimated discounts or other promotions. Accumulated experience is                                                                                                                                     $000’s             $000’s
     used to estimate and provide for the discounts, using the expected value method, and revenue is only recognised to the
                                                                                                                                     Net (loss)/gain on disposals of non-fleet assets*                                                                            (2)          24,657
     extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur.
                                                                                                                                     Other non-fleet rental income                                                                                              143                 16
     The Group recognises the contract liability which represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a
                                                                                                                                     Other operating income                                                                                                     141            24,673
     customer for which the Group has received consideration from the customer. It relates to the payments and deposits
     from the customers and are disclosed as Revenue in Advance in the consolidated statement of financial position.
                                                                                                                                     * In February 2018, the Group entered into agreements to contribute its investments in Roadtrippers USA and Roadtrippers Australasia, its Mighway
     The opening balance of the contract liability has been fully recognised in revenue in FY19 and there is no material
                                                                                                                                       business, the Togo Fleet (previously known as Cosmos) rental and RV industry platform, certain other intangible assets and cash to create a joint
     revenue recognised in FY19 related to the performance obligations met in the previous periods. The average timing
                                                                                                                                       venture, Togo Group with Thor Industries, a motorhome manufacturer in the United States. The Group recognised a gain of $24,322k as a result of
     of satisfaction of performance obligations in relation to the payment of the contract liability is between 1-6 months.            the disposal of the above investments and assets (refer to note 17).

     Based on the assessment performed by the Group, there is no material impact of the revised standard on the Group’s
     revenue recognition and accordingly no transition adjustments have been made.

     (ii) Sales of goods
     The Group sells a range of motorhomes, accessories and other merchandise. Sales are recognised when control
     of the goods has transferred, being when the goods are handed over to the customer and the customer has the
     ability to direct the use of the goods. It relates to the satisfaction of a single performance obligation at a point in time;
     the contract price is determined and no significant financing components exist as the transaction is settled within
     12 months from the transaction date and no costs to obtain or fulfil the contract.


76   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               77
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


4. Profit before tax includes the following specific expenses                                                                         6. Finance income


                                                                                                            2019              2018                                                                                                                  2019              2018
                                                                                           NOTES          $000’s            $000’s                                                                                                                $000’s            $000’s

 Donations                                                                                                    9               12      Interest income                                                                                                87               30

 Depreciation                                                                                12          51,545            46,044     Total finance income                                                                                           87               30

 Amortisation of intangible assets                                                           16           1,097             1,328

 Rental and operating lease costs                                                                        12,204            12,238

 Raw materials and consumables                                                                            1,532             1,512     7. Finance expenses
 Repairs and maintenance including damage repairs                                                        27,643            26,871

 Internal audit fees                                                                                        165              153                                                                                                                    2019              2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  $000’s            $000’s
 Net foreign exchange losses/(gains)                                                                         20              (103)
                                                                                                                                      Interest on bank borrowings                                                                                11,284             9,387

                                                                                                                                      Interest on finance leases                                                                                       5              24
 Audit fees – PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                                                                                                      Total interest expense                                                                                     11,289             9,411
 Audit of financial statements                                                                              475              425

 Audit of implementation of new accounting standards                                                         38               54


                                                                                                                                      8. Income tax
 Other fees – PricewaterhouseCoopers
      Remuneration benchmarking                                                                              31                   –

      Treasury servicesi                                                                                     15               13
                                                                                                                                        The Group is subject to income taxes in multiple jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining
      Agreed upon proceduresii                                                                               19                   9     the worldwide provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
      Other servicesiii                                                                                      20               16        determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. The Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax
                                                                                                                                        audit issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters
 Total fees paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                                  598              517
                                                                                                                                        is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax
                                                                                                                                        provisions in the period in which such determination is made.
Notes on fees paid to auditor:
i.     Treasury services includes treasury advisory services.

ii.    Agreed upon procedures in relation to Waitomo lease compliance, the interim financial statements and the Annual Meeting.
                                                                                                                                        Current and deferred income tax
iii. Other services include an assurance engagement for the interim financial statements and assistance with the compilation            Income tax expenses comprises current tax and deferred tax.
     of subsidiary financial statement.
                                                                                                                                        Current tax is the amount of income tax payable based on the taxable profit for the current year, plus any adjustments
During the year ended 30 June 2018, the Group incurred transaction costs of $1.2M in relation to the investment in Togo Group           to income tax payable in respect of prior years. Current tax is calculated using rates that have been enacted or
(refer to note 17). These costs are included in the administration expenses in the Group’s financial statement of comprehensive         substantially enacted by balance date.
income.
                                                                                                                                        Deferred tax is the amount of income tax payable or recoverable in future periods in respect of temporary differences
                                                                                                                                        and unused tax losses. Temporary differences are differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities in
                                                                                                                                        the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
5. Employee benefits expense
                                                                                                                                        Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognised
                                                                                                                                        to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available, against which the deductible temporary
                                                                                                                                        differences or tax losses can be utilised.
      Employee entitlements to salaries and wages and annual leave to be settled within 12 months of the reporting
                                                                                                                                        Deferred tax is not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or from the
      date represent present obligations resulting from employees’ services provided up to the reporting date. These are
                                                                                                                                        initial recognition of an asset and liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the
      calculated at undiscounted amounts based on remuneration rates that the Group expects to pay.
                                                                                                                                        transaction, affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit.

                                                                                                                                        Deferred tax is recognised on taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and associates,
                                                                                                                                        except where the company can control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary
                                                                                                            2019              2018      difference will not be reversed in the foreseeable future.
                                                                                                          $000’s            $000’s

 Wages and salaries                                                                                      80,548            78,317       Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the
                                                                                                                                        asset is realised, using tax rates that have been enacted or substantially enacted by balance date.
 Share-based payment costs (note 33)                                                                        368              326

 Other employee benefits                                                                                  2,636             1,946       Current tax and deferred tax is charged or credited to the income statement, except when it relates to items charged
                                                                                                         83,552            80,589
                                                                                                                                        or credited directly to equity, in which case the tax is classified within equity.
 Total employee remuneration




78     thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                79
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                                                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


8. Income tax (continued)                                                                                                                                  9. Earnings per share (continued)


                                                                                                                              2019                2018     Diluted
                                                                                                          NOTES             $000’s              $000’s
                                                                                                                                                           Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to assume
Current tax                                                                                                               13,095               9,182       conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares arising from the employee share scheme (refer to note 33).
Deferred tax                                                                                                35             (2,955)             4,633
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             2019               2018
Income tax expense                                                                                                        10,140             13,815
                                                                                                                                                           Weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue (000's)*                                                                125,801             122,764

The Group shall offset current tax assets and current tax liabilities if, and only if, the Group has a legal enforceable right to set off                  Dilutive redeemable shares and options if exercised (000's)                                                                    1,998               4,379

the recognised amounts, and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.                      Total shares (000's)                                                                                                        127,799             127,143

The tax on the profit before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the weighted average tax rate
applicable to profits of the consolidated companies as follows:                                                                                            Diluted earnings per share (in cents)                                                                                            23.3                49.0
                                                                                                                              2019                2018
                                                                                                                            $000’s              $000’s     * An additional 14,667,436 shares from the pro rata 1 for 9 rights offer (the Rights Offer) were issued in July 2019 (refer to note 20). The issue price
                                                                                                                                                             of $3.40 per share under the Rights Offer represented a 9.6% discount to the theoretical ex rights price on the record date. As a result, 1,404,329
Profit before tax                                                                                                         39,893             76,169          shares issued as part of the Rights Offer were treated as a bonus issue which have been adjusted in the weighted average number of ordinary
                                                                                                                                                             shares on issue in both 2019 and 2018 in accordance with NZ IAS 33. The 2018 basic earnings per share has been restated to 50.8 (2018: 51.4), and
Tax calculated at domestic rates applicable to profits in the respective countries                                        11,287             21,328
                                                                                                                                                             diluted basic earnings per share has been restated to 49.0 (2018: 49.6).
Non-assessable income       (1)                                                                                                (63)           (7,132)

Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                                                      784              1,373

Effect of lower federal tax rates in the US     (2)                                                                              –            (1,759)      10. Dividends
Prior year tax adjustment         (3)                                                                                      (1,868)                     5

Income tax expense                                                                                                        10,140             13,815
                                                                                                                                                           The 2018 final and 2019 interim dividends paid in the year ended 30 June 2019 were $17,243k (14 cents per share) and $16,142k
                                                                                                                                                           (13 cents per share) respectively. The final and interim dividends paid in the year ended 30 June 2018 were $13,234k (11 cents per
(1) As part of the Togo Group investment in February 2018, the Group recognised a non-assessable gain of $24,322k on the contribution
                                                                                                                                                           share) and $15,947k (13 cents per share) respectively.
    (refer to note 17).

(2) In January 2018, the federal corporate tax rate in the United States was reduced from 35% to 21%. This change resulted in a gain of USD$1.3M
    as at 30 June 2018 related to the re-measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities of the Group & US subsidiaries for the year ended                  Dividend distributions to the Company’s shareholders are recognised as a liability in the Group’s financial statements
    30 June 2018.                                                                                                                                              in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s directors.
(3) The prior year tax adjustments include a one-off tax benefit in relation to an allowance under the tax code to carry back tax losses to previous
    tax years. The tax years that the losses were applied to had a higher tax rate than the losses were previously valued at (refer to note 35).

As a result, the weighted average effective tax rate was 25% (2018: 18%).
                                                                                                                                                           11. Imputation credits

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             2019                2018
9. Earnings per share                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $000’s              $000’s

                                                                                                                                                           The amount of imputation credits available for use in subsequent reporting periods                                             5,671               5,096
                                                                                                                              2019               2018

Profit attributable to the equity holders of the Parent ($000's)                                                          29,753             62,354        The above amounts represent the balance of the imputation credit account as at the end of the reporting period adjusted for:
Weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue (000's)*                                                             125,801            122,764        • Imputation credits that will arise from the payment of the amount of the provision for income tax;

                                                                                                                                                           • Imputation debits that will arise from the payment of dividends recognised as a liability at the reporting date; and
Basic earnings per share (in cents)                                                                                          23.7               50.8
                                                                                                                                                           • Imputation credits that will arise from the receipt of dividends recognised as receivables at the reporting date.




80   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                81
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                           Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


Section B – Assets used to generate profit                                                                                           12. Property, plant and equipment (continued)


In this section
                                                                                                                                        The Group estimates the residual values of the fleet in order to depreciate motorhome assets using the straight-line
This section describes the assets thl uses in the business to generate profit, including:
                                                                                                                                        method. The Group has considered the appropriateness of the residual values and useful lives that have been used by
• Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                         reviewing the gains/losses made on recent sales, and forecasts, of similar motorhomes. The estimated useful lives of
                                                                                                                                        motorhomes on the rental fleet are 1 - 6 years. This results in annual depreciation rates as a percentage of the original
     The most significant component is the motorhome fleet. Premises, in general, are leased, however significant owned                 costs of between 5% and 15% for motorhomes. If the depreciation rate increase/(decrease) by 1% for motorhomes, the
     properties are the Waitomo Caves Visitor Centre and the Waitomo Caves Homestead.                                                   depreciation expense will increase/(decrease) by approximately $4.7M for the year.

• Leased assets
     The most significant leased assets relate to the premises in New Zealand, Australia and the United States.

• Inventory
                                                                                                                                        Depreciation on other assets is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost amounts to their
     The most significant inventory items are the ex-rental motorhome fleet assets that are held for sale. Other inventory items        residual values over their estimated useful lives as follows:
     include spare parts, living equipment used inside rental motorhomes, and retail stock.
                                                                                                                                        Buildings & leasehold improvements                 7 - 40 years
• Intangible assets                                                                                                                     Vehicles (non-fleet)                               5 - 10 years
     Intangible assets include:                                                                                                         Other plant & equipment                            3 - 20 years

     – goodwill arising from the purchase of the Road Bear RV, Kiwi Experience and El Monte RV businesses;                              The assets’ useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each balance sheet date. An asset’s carrying
                                                                                                                                        amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater than its
     – the cost of the Waitomo Caves leases;                                                                                            estimated recoverable amount (note 16).

     – software;                                                                                                                        Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with the carrying amount. These are included in
                                                                                                                                        the income statement.
     – brands; and

     – trademarks.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               OTHER       CAPITAL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       MOTOR     LAND AND PLANT AND       WORK IN
                                                                                                                                                                                                   MOTORHOMES        VEHICLES    BUILDINGS EQUIPMENT     PROGRESS       TOTAL
12. Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                                                                        $000’s         $000’s       $000’s    $000’s       $000’s      $000’s

                                                                                                                                     Year ended 30 June 2019
                                                                                                                                     At 1 July 2018                                                       362,800        866       15,231      8,156       29,007    416,060
Property, plant and equipment are made up of the following assets:
                                                                                                                                     Additions and transfers from work in progress (net)                  183,586          40         641      1,549       (2,296)   183,520
• Motorhomes - this comprises the rental fleet of the Rentals New Zealand, Rentals Australia and Rentals United States
                                                                                                                                     Disposals                                                            (95,301)         (9)          (6)     (178)           –     (95,494)
  businesses. Motorhomes that are held for sale are reclassified from property, plant and equipment to inventory
  (as shown in the table below);                                                                                                     Exchange differences                                                  (3,022)         (2)        (51)        (94)          6      (3,163)

                                                                                                                                     Depreciation charge                                                  (46,667)      (197)      (1,661)     (3,020)          –     (51,545)
• Motor vehicles – this comprises vehicles owned by the business, including shuttles and company cars;
                                                                                                                                     Closing net book amount                                              401,396        698       14,154      6,413       26,717    449,378
• Land and buildings – this comprises owned land and buildings in Waitomo;
                                                                                                                                     As at 30 June 2019
• Other plant and equipment – this comprises office equipment, furniture, and other plant used to operate the business; and          Cost                                                                 504,994      1,836       27,578     21,940       26,717    583,065

• Capital work in progress – this represents capital purchases and projects that are not yet in service. The most significant work   Accumulated depreciation                                         (103,598)        (1,138)    (13,424)    (15,527)          –    (133,687)

  in progress relates to motorhome fleet built for the next season.                                                                  Net book amount                                                      401,396        698       14,154      6,413       26,717    449,378

                                                                                                                                     Less reclassification of motorhomes to inventory
                                                                                                                                     at balance date
      Land and buildings are shown at historical cost, less subsequent accumulated depreciation for buildings. Land is               Cost                                                                  56,406           –           –           –           –     56,406
      not depreciated. All other property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation.
                                                                                                                                     Accumulated depreciation                                             (14,044)          –           –           –           –     (14,044)
      Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.
      Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only           Net book amount reclassified                                          42,362           –           –           –           –     42,362

      when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the          Closing net book amount post reclassification                        359,034        698       14,154      6,413       26,717    407,016
      item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the income statement during the
      financial period in which they are incurred.




82     thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    83
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                                  Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


12. Property, plant and equipment (continued)                                                                                               14. Operating leases


                                                                                                        OTHER         CAPITAL
                                                                                MOTOR     LAND AND PLANT AND         WORK IN
                                                              MOTORHOMES      VEHICLES    BUILDINGS EQUIPMENT       PROGRESS       TOTAL       The Group predominantly leases its premises in New Zealand, Australia and the United States under operating lease
                                                                    $000’s       $000’s       $000’s     $000’s        $000’s      $000’s      arrangements. The leases have varying terms, escalation clauses and renewal rights. The significant portion of the risks
Year ended 30 June 2018                                                                                                                        and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor and, therefore, they are classified as operating leases. Payments
                                                                                                                                               made under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) are charged to the income statement on
At 1 July 2017                                                    311,134       1,151       17,073       9,899        22,549    361,806        a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.
Additions and transfers from work in progress (net)               175,725         416          367       1,731         6,456    184,695
Disposals                                                        (104,957)       (406)        (863)       (125)            –    (106,351)

Exchange differences                                               21,415           42         227        268              2     21,954     The future aggregate minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

Depreciation charge                                                (40,517)      (337)      (1,573)     (3,617)            –     (46,044)

Closing net book amount                                           362,800         866       15,231       8,156        29,007    416,060                                                                                                                     2019               2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          $000’s             $000’s
As at 30 June 2018
                                                                                                                                            Within one year                                                                                             10,702              11,127
Cost                                                              455,994       1,841       27,110     21,747         29,007    535,699
                                                                                                                                            One to five years                                                                                           31,521              38,758
Accumulated depreciation                                           (93,194)      (975)     (11,879)    (13,591)            –    (119,639)
                                                                                                                                            Beyond five years                                                                                           18,328              18,384
Net book amount                                                   362,800         866       15,231       8,156        29,007    416,060
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        60,551              68,269
Less reclassification of motorhomes to inventory
at balance date
Cost                                                               42,350            –            –          –             –     42,350

Accumulated depreciation                                           (10,450)          –            –          –             –     (10,450)
                                                                                                                                            15. Inventories
Net book amount reclassified                                       31,900            –            –          –             –     31,900

Closing net book amount post reclassification                     330,900         866       15,231       8,156        29,007    384,160     Inventories are made up of the following categories:

                                                                                                                                            • Raw materials – this comprises parts, factory and workshop stock;

                                                                                                                                            • Motorhomes held for sale - this mainly comprises ex-rental fleet which are now on the sale yard and also includes
13. Capital commitments                                                                                                                       new fleet and trade-ins for sale;

                                                                                                                                            • Finished goods - this comprises living equipment to be used in motorhomes and retail shop stock; and
Capital commitments relates to the build of the Group’s fleet for the following year.
                                                                                                                                            • Inventory provision - a provision is created to allow for the value of inventory which is no longer useable or to recognise
Capital expenditure contracted for at balance date but not yet incurred is as follows:                                                        the net realisable value when it is lower than cost.

                                                                                                                    2019             2018
                                                                                                                  $000’s           $000’s
                                                                                                                                               Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                 65,387             67,567        (FIFO) method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises design costs, raw materials, direct labour,
                                                                                                                                               other direct costs and related production overheads (based on normal operating capacity). It excludes borrowing
                                                                                                                                               costs. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less applicable variable
                                                                                                                                               selling expenses.

                                                                                                                                               Rental assets held for sale at balance date have been reclassified as inventory.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            2019               2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          $000’s             $000’s

                                                                                                                                            Raw materials                                                                                                 5,117              3,649

                                                                                                                                            Motorhomes held for sale                                                                                    47,172              41,168

                                                                                                                                            Finished goods                                                                                                4,123              5,085

                                                                                                                                            Provision for obsolescence                                                                                     (193)              (114)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        56,219              49,788




84   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           85
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


16. Intangible assets                                                                                                          16. Intangible assets (continued)


Intangible assets of the Group comprise:                                                                                                                                                                            TRADEMARKS,
                                                                                                                                                                                  BRAND VALUE                         LEASES AND          OTHER
                                                                                                                                                                                     ACQUIRED         GOODWILL          LICENSES     INTANGIBLES           TOTAL
• Brands – the brand value acquired relates to the Road Bear RV brand of the United States’ rentals business;                                                                           $000’s           $000’s            $000’s         $000’s           $000’s

• Goodwill – this relates to the Kiwi Experience, Road Bear and El Monte RV business combinations;                             Year ended 30 June 2019
                                                                                                                               At 1 July 2018                                              835          34,668            8,097            1,047          44,647
• Trademarks, leases and licences – thl has a licence to operate the Waitomo Glowworm Caves until 2027, and licences to
  operate other caves in the Waitomo region, with licence terms expiring in 2032, 2033 and 2039; and                           Exchange differences                                          6             222                 –              (5)            223

                                                                                                                               Additions                                                     –                –                –            407              407
• Other intangibles – this relates to acquired software licences and software development costs.
                                                                                                                               Amortisation charge                                           –                –             (661)           (436)          (1,097)

                                                                                                                               Closing net book amount                                     841          34,890            7,436            1,013          44,180
     Brands                                                                                                                    As at 30 June 2019
     The Road Bear RV brand acquired in the United States rentals business combination was valued using the relief from        Cost                                                        841          81,188           22,874          14,162          119,065
     royalty method and is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. The brand value is included in the net assets
     of the cash-generating units. The brand is deemed to have an indefinite life as the Group has determined that there       Accumulated amortisation and impairment                       –          (46,298)        (15,438)         (13,149)        (74,885)
     is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the brand is expected to generate net cash in-flows for the entity.      Net book amount                                             841          34,890            7,436            1,013          44,180
     The brand is tested annually for impairment and is carried at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.

     Goodwill                                                                                                                  Year ended 30 June 2018
     Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the net          At 1 July 2017                                              746          31,326             8,662           1,651          42,385
     identifiable assets of the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition. Separately recognised goodwill is tested
                                                                                                                               Exchange differences                                         89            3,342                –               4           3,435
     annually for impairment and carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Impairment losses on goodwill are
     not reversed. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the       Additions                                                     –                –             137             976            1,113
     entity sold.                                                                                                              Disposal                                                      –                –              (71)           (887)           (958)

     Goodwill is considered to have an indefinite useful life. Based on an analysis of all the relevant factors, there is no   Amortisation charge                                           –                –             (631)           (697)          (1,328)
     foreseeable limit to the period over which the asset is expected to generate net cash flows for the entity.               Closing net book amount                                     835          34,668             8,097           1,047          44,647

     Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those     As at 30 June 2018
     cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business combination       Cost                                                        835          80,966           22,874          13,760          118,435
     in which the goodwill arose. The Group allocates goodwill to each business segment in each country in which it
     operates.                                                                                                                 Accumulated amortisation and impairment                       –          (46,298)        (14,777)         (12,713)        (73,788)

                                                                                                                               Net book amount                                             835          34,668             8,097           1,047          44,647
     Trademarks, leases and licences
     Trademarks, leases and licences are shown at historical cost of acquisition by the Group less amortisation.
                                                                                                                               Impairment of non-financial assets
     Amortisation of trademarks, leases and licences are calculated using the straight-line method over the life of the
     underlying assets.
                                                                                                                                  The Group tests whether goodwill and brands have suffered any impairment on an annual basis, in accordance with
     Other intangibles                                                                                                            the accounting policy stated below. The recoverable amounts of cash-generating units have been determined based
     Acquired computer software licences are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use the       on value-in-use calculations below. These calculations require the use of estimates.
     specific software. These costs are amortised over their estimated useful lives (three to five years).

     Costs associated with maintaining computer software programmes are recognised as an expense, as incurred. Costs
     that are directly associated with the production of identifiable and unique software products controlled by the Group,
     and that will probably generate economic benefits exceeding costs beyond one year, are recognised as intangible              Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment.
     assets. Direct costs include the software development employee costs and an appropriate portion of relevant                  Assets that are subject to amortisation or depreciation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
     overheads.                                                                                                                   circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the
                                                                                                                                  amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher
     Computer software development costs are recognised as assets and are amortised over their estimated useful lives             of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For the purpose of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at
     (three to five years).                                                                                                       the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units).




86   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                           87
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


16. Intangible assets (continued)                                                                                                                     Section C – Investments
The table below details the cash-generating units that goodwill and brands are attributable to.                                                       In this section
                                                                                                                                                      thl ’s investments comprise subsidiaries, associate and joint ventures. This section explains the investments held by thl,
                                                                                                     RENTALS     TOURISM GROUP               TOTAL    providing additional information, including:
                                                                                                       $000’s             $000’s             $000’s
                                                                                                                                                      a) Accounting policies, judgements and estimates that are relevant for measuring the investments; and
2019
New Zealand – goodwill                                                                                       –            3,126              3,126    b) Analysis of thl ’s associate and joint ventures.
United States of America – goodwill                                                                   31,764                   –           31,764
                                                                                                                                                      thl ’s investments include a 50% interest in Action Manufacturing, a business that manufactures motorhomes for the Group’s
United States of America – brands                                                                        841                   –               841    New Zealand and Australian business segments and other speciality vehicles for external customers; and a 50% joint venture
                                                                                                                                                      investment in Togo Group. Togo Group is based in the United States and provides digital services to RV owners and operators,
                                                                                                      32,605              3,126            35,731
                                                                                                                                                      and operates the Mighway and Roadtrippers businesses. During the year, Togo Group sold its interest in Roadtrippers Australasia
2018                                                                                                                                                  to Outdoria, an Australia-based global online marketplace platform that advertises, markets and facilitates the sale of products,
New Zealand – goodwill                                                                                       –            3,126              3,126    services and events for outdoor-related activities. In exchange for the assets sold, Outdoria agreed to exchange a 35% interest
                                                                                                                                                      in Outdoria stock. The fair value of exchanged interests was US$1.9M. Other investment includes a 49% interest in Just go,
United States of America – goodwill                                                                   31,542                   –            31,542    a motorhome rental operation in the United Kingdom.
United States of America – brands                                                                        835                   –               835

                                                                                                      32,377              3,126             35,503
                                                                                                                                                      17. Joint ventures
The recoverable amount of a cash-generating unit is determined on value-in-use calculations. These calculations use free
cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five year period plus a terminal value
calculation. These annual free cash flows are then discounted by a country specific pre-tax discount rate to arrive at a net
present value (or enterprise value) which is compared to the carrying book value. In addition, carrying values are also assessed                         Interests in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method, after initially being recognised at cost in the
using alternative valuation metrics, in particular EBIT multiples for similar industry groupings.                                                        consolidated balance sheet.

The divisional models used by thl to generate the free cash flow projections incorporate the expected growth rates from                                  Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter to
markets the businesses operate in, which are compared to Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment (NZ) and United                                 recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in profit or loss, and the Group’s
States Department of Commerce Office of Travel and Tourism Industries’ forecasts for reasonableness. Capital expenditure                                 share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in other comprehensive income. Dividends
and disposal proceeds are projected forward based on current build or purchase costs, realisable sale values and expected fleet                          received or receivable from associates and joint ventures are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the
rotation by vehicle type (for the rentals operations). Costs and revenues are inflated by an expected inflation rate of 2% unless                        investment.
additional specific information is known.
                                                                                                                                                         When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in the entity,
Key assumptions used for value-in-use calculations:                                                                                                      including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has
                                                                                                                                                         incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

                                                                                                                             2019              2018      Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are eliminated to the extent
                                                                                                                                                         of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence
Rentals United States of America
                                                                                                                                                         of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed
Revenue growth rate1                                                                                                     3% p.a.            6% p.a.      where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
Operating costs growth rate      1                                                                                       3% p.a.            6% p.a.
                                                                                                                                                         After application of the equity method, including recognising joint venture’s profits / losses in accordance with the
Terminal growth rate                                                                                                       2.0%               2.0%       accounting policies above, the Group determines whether there is any objective evidence that its net investment in joint
Discount rate2                                                                                                            10.6%              11.4%       venture is impaired. The net investment in joint venture is impaired and impairment losses are incurred if, and only if,
                                                                                                                                                         there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of
                                                                                                                                                         the net investment (a ‘loss event’) and that loss event (or events) has an impact on the estimated future cash flows from
                                                                                                                             2019              2018      the net investment that can be reliably estimated. The carrying amount of the investment is tested for impairment in
                                                                                                                                                         accordance with NZ IAS 36 as a single asset, by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value
Tourism Group New Zealand                                                                                                                                less costs to sell) with its carrying amount.
Revenue growth rate1                                                                                                    14% p.a.            5% p.a.
                                                                                                                                                         The Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised
Operating costs growth rate      1                                                                                      12% p.a.            5% p.a.
                                                                                                                                                         from initial recognition of the receivables. To measure the expected credit losses, advances to joint ventures have been
Terminal growth rate                                                                                                       2.0%               2.0%       grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The expected loss rates are based on the
                                                                                                                                                         historical credit losses experienced. Where appropriate, the historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and
Discount rate2                                                                                                            10.6%              12.2%
                                                                                                                                                         forward-looking information.
(1) Weighted average annual growth rates used to extrapolate cash flows. The revenue and cost growth rate used for the Tourism Group
    calculation represents a recovery from the FY19 performance, back to historical levels, in the Kiwi Experience business. The terminal growth
    rate used is 2%.
(2) Pre-tax discount rate applied to the pre-tax cash flow projections.

The calculated recoverable amount provides sufficient headroom over the carrying value such that it is considered that a
reasonable change in the assumptions applied will not result in an impairment of the goodwill balance.




88   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                89
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


17. Joint ventures (continued)                                                                                                             17. Joint ventures (continued)


Togo Group                                                                                                                                 Analysis of Togo Group
In February 2018, the Group entered into agreements to contribute its investment in Roadtrippers USA and Roadtrippers                      The following amounts represent the sales and results, and assets and liabilities of 100% of Togo Group in NZD:
Australasia, its Mighway business, the Togo Fleet rental and RV industry platform, certain other intangible assets and cash to form
a joint venture, Togo Group, with Thor Industries, a motorhome manufacturer in the United States. Each partner owns 50% of                                                                                                                                   2019              2018
Togo Group. Due to the nature of the contractual rights and obligations, Togo Group is classified as a joint venture for accounting                                                                                                                        $000’s            $000’s
purposes and accounted for using the equity method.                                                                                        Revenue                                                                                                         6,145            2,519

Togo Group provides digital services to RV owners and operators (Togo Fleet), and operates the Mighway and Roadtrippers                    Expenses                                                                                                      (32,110)          (7,957)
businesses.                                                                                                                                Loss before income tax                                                                                        (25,965)          (5,438)

The assets and liabilities contributed as part of the investment in Togo Group are as follows:
                                                                                                                                           The loss before income tax of Togo Group includes depreciation and amortisation expense of $4,498k (2018: $614k). thl ’s share
                                                                                                                                   2018    of loss before tax from Togo Group has been included in thl ’s tax calculation.
                                                                                                                                 $000’s

Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                      252                                                                                                                       2019              2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           $000’s            $000’s
Intangible assets                                                                                                                3,040
                                                                                                                                           Assets
Investments in joint ventures and associates                                                                                     7,631
                                                                                                                                           Property, plant and equipment                                                                                     474              315
Total non-current assets                                                                                                        10,923
                                                                                                                                           Intangible assets                                                                                            135,197          134,687
Cash (paid as part of the consideration)                                                                                         4,051
                                                                                                                                           Investment in Outdoria                                                                                          2,588                 –
Trade and other receivables                                                                                                        633
                                                                                                                                           Outdoria loan receivable                                                                                          655                 –
Inventories                                                                                                                          3
                                                                                                                                           Total non-current assets                                                                                     138,914          135,002
Total current assets                                                                                                             4,687
                                                                                                                                           Current assets                                                                                                  3,555           13,421
Total assets                                                                                                                    15,610
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        142,469          148,423

                                                                                                                                           Liabilities
Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                                               (89)
                                                                                                                                           Non-current liabilities                                                                                             –               51
Total equity                                                                                                                       (89)
                                                                                                                                           Current liabilities                                                                                             4,276            4,612
Trade and other payables                                                                                                           542
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           4,276            4,663
Employee benefits                                                                                                                  420
                                                                                                                                           Net assets/(liabilities)                                                                                     138,193          143,760
Total current liabilities                                                                                                          962
                                                                                                                                           The Group's 50% share of Togo Group net assets/(liabilities)                                                   69,097           71,880
Total liabilities                                                                                                                  962

Total equity and liabilities                                                                                                       873
                                                                                                                                           There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interest in Togo Group, and no contingent liabilities in the venture itself.
Net assets contributed                                                                                                          14,737
                                                                                                                                           The Group’s recognised interest in Togo Group
In return for the assets and liabilities contributed, thl received its investment in Togo Group. The fair value of the intangible assets   The following table sets out the Group’s interest in Togo Group:
that were contributed to Togo Group was supported by an independent third party valuation.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             2019              2018
In accordance with IAS28, the Group has only recognised the gain on sale in relation to the portion of Togo Group that is held by                                                                                                                          $000’s            $000’s
Thor Industries and does not remain under ownership of thl. Accordingly, the Group recognised a gain of $24,322k before tax and            Fair value of investment in Togo Group initially recognised                                                    38,976           38,976
transaction costs, in relation to the transaction.
                                                                                                                                           Subsequent investment in Togo Group                                                                            14,781            5,192
Net cash paid in March 2018 as part of the investment in Togo Group was $4,051k. A further investment of $5,192k was made in               Losses recognised against the investment balance                                                              (15,501)         (2,672)
June 2018. This investment was made to fund a planned tax payment that arose as part of the legal restructure of Roadtrippers
Inc as part of the Togo Group transaction.                                                                                                 Foreign exchange revaluation gain/(loss)                                                                        4,053            3,652

                                                                                                                                           Net investment recognised                                                                                      42,309           45,148
thl made further investments of $9,589k into Togo Group during the 2019 financial year.

                                                                                                                                           Advance opening balance                                                                                           819                 –

                                                                                                                                           Net cash (repayment)/advances during the period                                                                  (362)             819

                                                                                                                                           Advance closing balance                                                                                          457               819



                                                                                                                                           Net interest in Togo Group                                                                                    42,766            45,967




90   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           91
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


17. Joint ventures (continued)                                                                                                                17. Joint ventures (continued)




                                                                                                                  2019                 2018
                                                                                                                                              The Group’s recognised interest in AMLP
                                                                                                                $000’s               $000’s
                                                                                                                                              The following table sets out the Group’s interest in AMLP:
Non-current                                                                                                    42,309           45,148

Current                                                                                                           457                 819                                                                     2019      2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                            $000’s    $000’s
                                                                                                              42,766            45,967
                                                                                                                                              Fair value of investment in AMLP initially recognised          250       250

                                                                                                                                              Profits recognised against the investment balance             8,797     7,262
The cash advance from the Group is a trade account. The balance is determined on a monthly basis and is payable in the
following month. Interest is not payable on the advance.                                                                                      Distribution received from accumulated earnings                (250)     (250)

                                                                                                                                              Investment recognised                                         8,797     7,262
In July 2019 the Group entered an agreement to advance loans of up to US$8.2M to Togo Group throughout FY20. The loans
to Togo Group will not be called upon by thl before 1 August 2020.
                                                                                                                                              Advance opening balance                                          31      394
The Group’s share of losses from Togo Group for the year ended 30 June 2019 was $12,829k. A valuation of Togo Group was
                                                                                                                                              Net cash advances/(repayment) during the period               1,113      (363)
undertaken during the year which supported that no impairment is required against the Group’s net interest in Togo Group.
The key assumptions used were around the revenue growth, operating expenses growth, terminal growth rate and the discount                     Advance closing balance                                       1,144       31
rate. As Togo Group is currently in an expansion phase, the revenue and operating expenses are expected to grow significantly
over coming years. A terminal growth rate of 3.0% was used, and discount rate of 35.0% was used due to the current expansion
phase of the business.                                                                                                                        Net interest in AMLP                                          9,941     7,293

Action Manufacturing LP (AMLP)
thl has a 50% joint venture partner in AMLP, a vehicle manufacturer based in New Zealand. The other 50% partner is Alpine                                                                                     2019      2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                            $000’s    $000’s
Bird Manufacturing Limited, which is owned by Grant Brady (refer to note 32). Due to the nature of the contractual rights and
obligations, AMLP is classified as a joint venture for accounting purposes and accounted for using the equity method.                         Non-current                                                   9,422     7,262

AMLP manufactures motorhomes for the Group’s New Zealand and Australian business segments, and other speciality vehicles                      Current                                                        519        31
for external customers.                                                                                                                                                                                     9,941     7,293

The following amounts represent the sales and results, and assets and liabilities of 100% of AMLP:
                                                                                                                                              Total advance to and investment in joint ventures
                                                                                                                  2019                 2018
                                                                                                                $000’s               $000’s                                                                   2019      2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                            $000’s    $000’s
Revenue                                                                                                        74,896           72,475
                                                                                                                                              Non-current                                                  51,731    52,410
Expenses                                                                                                      (71,826)         (66,771)
                                                                                                                                              Current                                                        976       850
Profit before income tax                                                                                        3,070            5,704
                                                                                                                                                                                                           52,707    53,260


The profit before income tax of AMLP includes depreciation expense of $818k (2018: $627k) and net finance costs of $662k (2018:
$425k). thl ’s share of profit before tax from AMLP has been included in thl ’s tax calculation.

Analysis of AMLP

                                                                                                                  2019                 2018
                                                                                                                $000’s               $000’s

Assets
Non-current assets                                                                                              6,054            2,887

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                       4,814                 829

Current assets                                                                                                 38,991           36,552

                                                                                                               49,859           40,268

Liabilities
Current liabilities                                                                                            32,265           25,745

Net assets/(liabilities)                                                                                       17,594           14,523

The Group's 50% share of AMLP net assets/(liabilities)                                                          8,797            7,262


There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interest in AMLP, and no contingent liabilities in the venture itself.
The contractual property lease commitment of AMLP is $2,624k (2018: $997k).




92   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                    93
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                              Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


18. Investments in associate                                                                                                            Section D – Managing funding

                                                                                                                                        In this section
     Associates
                                                                                                                                        This section explains how thl manages its capital structure and working capital, the various funding sources and distributions
     Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence, but not control, generally accompanying                to shareholders. In this section of the notes there is information about:
     a shareholding of between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates are accounted for using the
     equity method of accounting and are initially recognised at cost. The Group’s share of its associates’ post-acquisition            a) Equity;
     profits or losses is recognised in the income statement.
                                                                                                                                        b) Debt;

                                                                                                                                        c) Receivables and payables; and
In March 2015, the Group acquired a shareholding of 49.0% in Skewbald Limited (trading as Just go) for GBP £1,744k. Just go is
a motorhome rental business operating in the United Kingdom. The investment has been accounted for as an investment in                  d) Financial instruments.
associate, and the Group’s share of associates profits have been recognised with the Group’s investment.

The carrying amounts recognised in the balance sheet are as follows:
                                                                                                                                        20. Share capital
                                                                                                              2019               2018
                                                                                                            $000’s             $000’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2019        2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      SHARES      SHARES         2019        2018
Just go                                                                                                     4,319              4,188                                                                                                    000’s       000’s      $000’s      $000’s

Total                                                                                                       4,319              4,188    Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                        Opening balance                                                                             123,136     120,255     180,806     171,241
The share of profits/(losses) recognised in the income statement are as follows:
                                                                                                                                        Issue of ordinary shares – redeemable ordinary shares converted                                  403       1,639       1,031      2,821

                                                                                                              2019               2018
                                                                                                                                        Transfer from employee share scheme reserve for redeemable shares converted                         –          –          84        241
                                                                                                            $000’s             $000’s
                                                                                                                                        Issue of ordinary shares – in lieu of directors’ fees                                             33          42        161         214
Just go                                                                                                       246               204
                                                                                                                                        Ordinary shares to be issued – in lieu of directors’ fees accrued at 30 June                        –          –           9            (34)
Roadtrippers USA (to 28 February 2018)                                                                          –              (988)
                                                                                                                                        Ordinary shares Issued under Dividend Reinvestment Plan                                        1,001       1,200       5,154      6,323
Total                                                                                                        246               (784)
                                                                                                                                        Ordinary shares Issued - placement to HB Holdings                                              7,463           –     30,000               –
                                                                                                                                        Less transaction cost arising on shares issued                                                      –          –        (233)             –
                                                                                                                                        Closing balance                                                                             132,036     123,136     217,012     180,806
19. Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                        The total authorised number of ordinary shares is 132,035,883 shares (2018: 123,136,483) and these are classified as equity.
                                                                                                                                        The shares have no par value. All ordinary shares are issued and fully paid. All ordinary shares rank equally with one vote
The principal activities of the Parent company and trading subsidiaries are motorhome rental (Tourism Holdings Australia Pty
                                                                                                                                        attached to each fully paid ordinary share.
Limited, JJ Motorcars Inc and El Monte Rents Inc) and attractions (Waitomo Caves Limited). All subsidiaries are 100% owned and
therefore the Group is deemed to have control and have been fully consolidated from the date which control has been attained
                                                                                                                                        There are 1,855,496 redeemable ordinary shares on issue that are convertible on a 1:1 basis to ordinary shares (2018: 2,358,828).
(30 June 2018: 100%). All subsidiaries have 30 June balance dates. Material subsidiary companies included in the Group Financial
                                                                                                                                        If these convert to ordinary shares per the terms outlined in note 33, total shares on issue will be 133,891,379 (2018: 125,495,311).
Statements at 30 June 2019 are:
                                                                                                                                        In the current year redeemable ordinary shares were converted to ordinary shares in December 2018 (33,333) and April 2019
                                                                                                                                        (369,999). 100,000 redeemable ordinary shares were cancelled in January 2019. There were no issues of redeemable ordinary
NAME                                                                                                     COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION
                                                                                                                                        shares in the current year, as the 2009 Executive Long Term Incentive Scheme was replaced with a new options scheme in
Tourism Holdings Australia Pty Limited                                                                                   Australia      2017 (see note 33).
Waitomo Caves Limited                                                                                                New Zealand        In the prior year redeemable ordinary shares were converted to ordinary shares in February 2018 (168,400), March 2018 (281,600)
JJ Motorcars Inc                                                                                         United States of America       and April 2018 (1,190,000).
El Monte Rents Inc                                                                                       United States of America
                                                                                                                                        Ordinary shares were issued to directors in lieu of Directors’ fees per the terms outlined in note 32. Shares were issued in October
Tourism Holdings USA Inc                                                                                 United States of America       2018 (13,615) and April 2019 (18,305). In the prior year ordinary shares were issued to directors in lieu of Directors fees in October
                                                                                                                                        2017 (30,731) and April 2018 (11,274). At 30 June 2019 share capital includes an accrual for shares to be issued in lieu of Directors’
                                                                                                                                        fees of $45,000 (2018: $36,000).

                                                                                                                                        In the current year 590,065 ordinary shares were issued in October 2018 at an issue price of $5.283 per share and 411,397 ordinary
                                                                                                                                        shares were issued in April 2019 at an issue price of $4.926 per share to shareholders who elected to participate in the Dividend
                                                                                                                                        Reinvestment Plan.




94   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            95
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                              Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


20. Share capital (continued)                                                                                                           22. Other reserves (continued)


In the prior year 715,928 ordinary shares were issued in October 2017 at an issue price of $4.806 per share and 484,007 ordinary        Employee share scheme
shares were issued in April 2018 at an issue price of $5.935 per share to shareholders who elected to participate in the Dividend
                                                                                                                                        The employee share scheme reserve is used to recognise the accumulated value of redeemable shares granted which have
Reinvestment Plan.
                                                                                                                                        been recognised in the income statement. In accordance with the Group’s accounting policy, amounts accumulated in the
                                                                                                                                        executive share scheme reserve have been transferred to share capital on the exercise of the options or to retained earnings
In June 2019, the Group announced a placement and pro rata rights offer capital raise. The capital raise comprised an upfront
                                                                                                                                        when they have been forfeited (refer to note 33).
placement of $30M to HB Holdings (a wholly owned subsidiary of the CITIC Capital International Tourism Fund), issuing an
additional 7,462,686 shares at a price of $4.02 per share, which settled on 24 June 2019, followed by an approximately NZ$50
million fully underwritten pro rata 1 for 9 rights offer at $3.40 per share, which settled in July 2019 resulting in the issuance                                                                                                                      2019                2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $000’s              $000’s
of an additional 14,667,436 shares. Incremental directly attributable issue costs of $233k were incurred from the placement and
have been netted off against the proceeds of the capital raising at 30 June 2019. Incremental directly attributable issue costs of      Foreign currency translation reserve
$1.169M were incurred from the rights offer that was settled in July 2019.                                                              Balance at beginning of the year                                                                            9,756              (1,663)

                                                                                                                                        Currency translation differences (net of tax)                                                               (2,207)         11,419
21. Retained earnings                                                                                                                   Balance at year end                                                                                         7,549              9,756

                                                                                                                                        Employee share scheme reserve
                                                                                                               2019             2018
                                                                                                             $000’s           $000’s    Balance at beginning of the year                                                                              562                 477
Balance at beginning of the year                                                                           59,725           26,552      Value of employee services charged to the income statement                                                    368                 326
Profit for the year                                                                                        29,753           62,354      Transfer to retained earnings                                                                                  (83)                  –
Dividends on ordinary shares                                                                              (33,385)         (29,181)     Transfer to share capital                                                                                      (84)              (241)
Transfer from employee share scheme reserve                                                                     83                  –   Balance at year end                                                                                           763                 562
                                                                                                           56,176           59,725      Total other reserves                                                                                        8,312           10,318




22. Other reserves                                                                                                                      23. Borrowings

Foreign currency translation reserve
                                                                                                                                        The guaranteeing group consisting of Tourism Holdings Limited and all New Zealand, Australian and United States 100% owned
Exchange differences arising on the translation of foreign operations are taken to the foreign currency translation reserve.            subsidiaries had, at balance date, a working capital and a multi-option facility with ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited, Australia
When any net investment is disposed of, the related component of the reserve is recognised in profit and loss as part of the            and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, Westpac New Zealand Limited, Westpac Banking Corporation and The Hongkong
gain or loss on disposal.                                                                                                               and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited and has provided a composite first ranking debenture over the assets and
                                                                                                                                        undertakings of the Group.
The closing exchange rates used to translate the balance sheet are as follows:
                                                                                                                                        The debt facility is a syndicated facility with ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited as the facility agent.
                                                                                                               2019            2018
                                                                                                                                        The facilities are split into term facilities and an interchangeable working capital facility. The interchangeable facility is
NZD/AUD                                                                                                    0.9561           0.9180      interchangeable between overdraft, trade finance loans and documentary letter of credit. The documentary letter of credit
NZD/USD                                                                                                    0.6694           0.6741      facility is utilised for the purchase of fleet from Action Manufacturing LP. The renewal of certain facilities occurred in the
                                                                                                                                        current financial year.
NZD/GBP                                                                                                    0.5284           0.5158
                                                                                                                                        Current expiry dates are:


                                                                                                                                        MATURITY OF DEBT FACILITIES

                                                                                                                                        January 2020                                       NZ$10M
                                                                                                                                        May 2020                                           NZ$10M
                                                                                                                                        July 2020                                         NZ$30M
                                                                                                                                        September 2020                                    NZ$30M
                                                                                                                                        February 2021                                     NZ$82M
                                                                                                                                        June 2022                                         NZ$70M
                                                                                                                                        July 2022                                         NZ$74M
                                                                                                                                        Total                                            NZ$306M


                                                                                                                                        The facilities cannot be called for repayment by the banks at a date earlier than the facility’s expiry date above unless an
                                                                                                                                        event of default is triggered (e.g. breach of bank covenants, or failure to make a payment when due) . No such events of
                                                                                                                                        default have been triggered during the current or prior period. The facilities are tested quarterly for covenant compliance.

                                                                                                                                        Interest rates (excluding line fees) applicable at 30 June 2019 on the bank term loans ranged from 2.1% to 5.3% p.a.
                                                                                                                                        (2018: 1.9% to 5.3% p.a.).

96   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       97
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                           Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


23. Borrowings (continued)                                                                                                           23. Borrowings (continued)


                                                                                                                                     The carrying amounts of the Group’s borrowings are denominated in the following currencies:
     Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
     stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value                                                                                                                            2019               2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                $000’s             $000’s
     is recognised in the income statement over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.
                                                                                                                                     New Zealand dollar                                                                                        46,623             65,520
     Borrowings are classified as current liabilities, unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement
     of the liability for at least 12 months after the balance sheet date.                                                           Australian dollar                                                                                          8,577             11,765

                                                                                                                                     United States American dollar                                                                           152,525             131,657
     Borrowing costs are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred, except for borrowing costs
     directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset, which are capitalised.              Pounds sterling                                                                                            3,301              3,381

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             211,026             212,323
     Qualifying assets are those assets that necessarily take an extended period of time (six months or more) to get
     ready for their intended use.
                                                                                                                                     The Group has the following undrawn borrowing facilities:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2019               2018
                                                                                                               2019           2018                                                                                                              $000’s             $000’s
                                                                                                             $000’s         $000’s
                                                                                                                                     Floating rate
Non-current
                                                                                                                                     – Expiring beyond one year                                                                                62,478            25,734
Bank borrowings                                                                                           210,979         212,056

Finance lease obligations                                                                                        1            46
                                                                                                                                     The Group has sufficient working capital and undrawn financing facilities to service its operating activities and ongoing
                                                                                                          210,980         212,102    investment in rental motorhomes. The Group has met all banking covenant requirements in the current period.
Current
                                                                                                                                     As part of its risk mitigation strategy, the Group has funded its investment El Monte Rents Inc with USD denominated debt.
Finance lease obligations                                                                                       46           221     The debt acts as a natural hedge of the investment and, hence, has been designated as a hedge of net investments in
                                                                                                          211,026         212,323
                                                                                                                                     foreign operations.
Total borrowings
                                                                                                                                     No borrowing costs were capitalised in 2019 (2018: nil).

                                                                                                               2019           2018
                                                                                                             $000’s         $000’s

Maturity of non-current portion                                                                                                      24. Leased assets in property, plant and equipment
Bank loans
One to two years                                                                                           82,773          86,472
                                                                                                                                     Property, plant and equipment includes the following amounts where the Group is a lessee under a finance lease.
Two to three years                                                                                         55,006          71,374    The finance leases relate to IT assets.
Three to five years                                                                                        73,200          54,210
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2019               2018
                                                                                                          210,979         212,056                                                                                                               $000’s             $000’s

Finance lease obligations                                                                                                            Cost                                                                                                       1,282              1,282

One to two years                                                                                                 1            46     Accumulated depreciation                                                                                  (1,282)             (929)
Two to three years                                                                                               –              –    Net book amount                                                                                                –               353

                                                                                                                 1            46


                                                                                                                                     25. Other commitments
                                                                                                               2019           2018
                                                                                                             $000’s         $000’s

Finance lease liabilities – minimum lease payments                                                                                   As at 30 June 2019 the Group has a $30m Documentary Letter of Credit facility as part of the interchangeable working capital
No later than one year                                                                                          48           226     facility. The amount drawn at 30 June 2019 was $10,689k (2018: $15,608k).

Later than one year and no later than five years                                                                 –            47     The outstanding documents are in favour of AMLP (refer to note 17) and are due for payment within 12 months. This is
Minimum lease payments                                                                                         48            273     recognised within ‘trade and other payables’ (refer to note 27).

Future finance charges on finance leases                                                                        (1)            (6)

Present value of finance lease liabilities                                                                      47           267




98   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 99
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


26. Trade and other receivables                                                                                                       27. Trade and other payables



    Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value plus transaction costs and subsequently measured at              Trade payables
    amortised cost using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. From 1 July 2018, the Group assesses
                                                                                                                                        Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business
    on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its trade and other receivables which are carried
                                                                                                                                        from suppliers. Trade payables are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less (or in the
    at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in
                                                                                                                                        normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.
    credit risk.
                                                                                                                                        Trade payables are recognised initially at fair value net of transaction costs and subsequently measured at amortised
    The Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised
                                                                                                                                        cost using the effective interest method.
    from initial recognition of the receivables. To measure the expected credit losses, trade and other receivables have
    been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The expected loss rates are based on
    the historical credit losses experienced. Where appropriate, the historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and
    forward-looking information.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2019            2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $000’s          $000’s
    The expected credit loss provision did not change from the provision for impairment of receivables as recognised
    under NZ IAS 39.                                                                                                                  Trade payables                                                                                               29,467          36,631

                                                                                                                                      Accrued expenses and other payables                                                                          18,022          15,315
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   47,489          51,946


                                                                                                                2019           2018
                                                                                                              $000’s         $000’s

Trade receivables                                                                                            12,342          9,199    28. Financial instruments
Less provision for impairment of receivables                                                                 (1,007)          (520)
Trade receivables - net                                                                                      11,335          8,679

Prepayments                                                                                                   4,780          3,905      Classification of financial assets
Other receivables                                                                                             5,356          6,191      On the date of initial application of NZ IFRS 9, 1 July 2018, the Group classifies its financial assets in the following
Receivable under buy-back arrangement                                                                         7,493          7,872      measurement categories:

Total trade and other receivables                                                                            28,964         26,647      • those to be measured subsequently at fair value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI) or through profit
                                                                                                                                          or loss, and
At June 2019 trade and other receivables includes an amount of $7,493k (June 2018: $7,872k) relating to vehicles purchased              • those to be measured at amortised cost.
under a short term buy-back arrangement. This agreement involves purchasing vehicles to be used in the fleet for a period less
than 12 months and then sold back to the supplier. On initial recognition, thl recognised the cash paid for the vehicles, the price     The classification depends on the business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the
expected to be received upon resale, and the balancing amount of the two is considered the lease expense. The transaction is            cash flows.
accounted for as an operating lease on the basis that:
                                                                                                                                        The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.
• thl have an economic incentive to exercise their put option (selling the vehicles back to the supplier);
                                                                                                                                        Measurement of financial assets
• thl have the right to use the vehicles for a fixed period at a predetermined price; and
                                                                                                                                        At initial recognition, the group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at
• the vehicles do not meet the definition of property plant and equipment.                                                              fair value through profit or loss (FVPL), transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial
                                                                                                                                        asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.
Due to low risk of the counterparties for these arrangements, the assessed expected credit losses are immaterial.
                                                                                                                                        Debt instruments
There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables, as the Group has a large number of customers,               Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset and
internationally dispersed.                                                                                                              the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the group classifies its
                                                                                                                                        debt instruments:
The Group has recognised an increase of $487k (2018: $126k increase) in the provision for the impairment of its trade receivables
which has been included in other operating expenses. The Group has written off, to other operating expenses, $39k (2018: $255k)         Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely
of balances of receivables during the year ended 30 June 2019.                                                                          payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is
                                                                                                                                        included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is
                                                                                                                                        recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/(losses) together with foreign exchange gains and
                                                                                                                                        losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.




100 thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    101
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                               Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


28. Financial instruments (continued)                                                                                                    Section E – Managing risk

                                                                                                                                         In this section
      FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets, where the
      assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the                    This section explains the financial risks thl faces, how these risks affect thl’s financial position and performance, and how thl
      carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and               manages these risks. In this section of the notes there is information:
      foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognised, the
                                                                                                                                         a) Outlining thl ’s approach to financial risk management; and
      cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in other
      gains/(losses). Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest             b) Analysing financial (hedging) instruments used to manage risk.
      rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in other gains/(losses) and impairment expenses are
      presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.                                                                In the normal course of business the Group is exposed to a variety of financial risks including foreign currency, interest rate,
                                                                                                                                         credit and liquidity risks. To manage this risk the Group’s treasury activities are performed by a central treasury function and are
      FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL. A gain or loss on a debt              governed by Group policies approved by the Board of Directors.
      investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within other gains/
      (losses) in the period in which it arises.                                                                                         The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise
                                                                                                                                         potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance. The Group does not enter into derivative financial instruments
      The interest rate swaps in place as at 30 June 2019 qualified as cash flow hedges under NZ IFRS 9. The group’s risk                for trading or speculative purposes.
      management strategies and hedge documentation are aligned with the requirements of NZ IFRS 9 and these
      relationships are therefore treated as continuing hedges.

      Impact on adoption
                                                                                                                                         29. Financial risk management
      The Group has applied NZ IFRS 9 retrospectively but has elected not to restate comparative information. As a result,
      the comparative information provided continues to be accounted for in accordance with the Group’s previous
      accounting policy.                                                                                                                 Currency risk
      The classification and measurement of financial assets were aligned with NZ IFRS 9 but there was no impact on the                  The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures, primarily
      reported balances. There was no impact on the classification and measurement of financial liabilities.                             with respect to the Australian dollar and the United States dollar. Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial
                                                                                                                                         transactions are in currencies other than functional currency.

                                                                                                                                         Foreign exchange exposures on future commercial transactions incurred by operations in currencies other than their functional
The table below represents the measurement categories of the financial instruments:                                                      currency are managed by using forward currency contracts in accordance with the Group’s treasury policy.

                                                                                                                                         The Parent makes purchases in foreign currency and is exposed to foreign currency risk. This is managed by utilisation of
                                                                2019                                          2018
                                                                                                                                         forward currency contracts from time to time in accordance with the Group’s treasury policy.
                                             FINANCIAL ASSETS     DERIVATIVES              FINANCIAL ASSETS     DERIVATIVES
                                                AT AMORTISED        USED FOR                  AT AMORTISED        USED FOR
                                                         COST        HEDGING      TOTAL                COST       HEDGING       TOTAL    Exchange rate sensitivity
                                                       $000’s          $000’s     $000’s             $000’s          $000’s     $000’s
                                                                                                                                         The following table shows the impact of a 5 cent movement up or down in the New Zealand dollar vs the Australian dollar and
Financial instruments by category                                                                                                        United States dollar and the impact that this exchange rate change has on reported net profit after tax and equity. The table
Assets                                                                                                                                   shows the post-tax impact on reported profit and equity in relation to currency risk, as described above, and does not include
                                                                                                                                         the impact of translation risk, as described in note 22. A 5 cent change is considered a reasonable possible change based on
Advance to joint venture                              1,601                –      1,601               850                –         850
                                                                                                                                         prior year movements.
Cash and cash equivalents                             8,837                –      8,837            13,534                –     13,534

Trade and other receivables                          24,184                –     24,184            22,742                –     22,742                                                                                                                     2019              2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        $000’s            $000’s
Derivative financial instruments                           –              40         40                  –           1,763      1,763
                                                                                                                                         Post-tax impact on reported profit and equity of:
                                                                                                                                         A 5 cent increase in the NZ dollar vs the AU dollar                                                                3                 (8)
                                                                2019                                          2018
                                                                                                                                         A 5 cent increase in the NZ dollar vs the US dollar                                                              (10)               29
                                                                  DERIVATIVES                                   DERIVATIVES
                                               MEASURED AT          USED FOR                 MEASURED AT          USED FOR               A 5 cent decrease in the NZ dollar vs the AU dollar                                                                (3)               8
                                             AMORTISED COST          HEDGING      TOTAL    AMORTISED COST         HEDGING       TOTAL
                                                      $000’s           $000’s     $000’s            $000’s           $000’s     $000’s
                                                                                                                                         A 5 cent decrease in the NZ dollar vs the US dollar                                                               10                (29)
Liabilities
Interest bearing loans and borrowings               211,026                –    211,026          212,323                 –    212,323    Interest rate risk
Derivative financial instruments                           –           6,259      6,259                  –           2,916      2,916    The Group’s interest rate risk primarily arises from long-term borrowings, cash and cash equivalents and the advance to Action
                                                                                                                                         Manufacturing LP. Borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Borrowings issued at
Trade and other payables                             45,669                –     45,669            50,937                –     50,937
                                                                                                                                         fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.

                                                                                                                                         The Group manages its cash flow interest rate risk by using floating to fixed interest rate derivative contracts. Such interest rate
                                                                                                                                         derivative contracts have the economic effect of converting borrowings from floating rates to fixed rates. Generally the Group
                                                                                                                                         raises long term borrowings at floating rates that are lower than those available if the Group borrowed at fixed rates directly.

                                                                                                                                         Under the interest rate derivative contracts, the Group agrees with other parties to exchange, at specified intervals (mainly
                                                                                                                                         quarterly), the difference between fixed contract rates and floating rate interest amounts calculated by reference to the agreed
                                                                                                                                         notional principal amounts.

                                                                                                                                         The Group maintains cash on overnight deposit in interest bearing bank accounts.

                                                                                                                                         The following tables set out the interest rate repricing profile and current interest rate of the interest bearing financial assets
102   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                  and liabilities.                                                                                                                    103
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                                                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


29. Financial risk management (continued)                                                                                                                  29. Financial risk management (continued)


                                                                                                                                                           At year-end the value of interest rate derivative contracts used as cash flow hedges were subject to interest rate risk in relation
                                                              EFFECTIVE                  FIXED UP          FIXED        FIXED          FIXED
                                                               INTEREST     FLOATING     TO 1 YEAR     1-2 YEARS    2-5 YEARS       >5 YEARS      TOTAL    to the value recognised in equity. If interest rates moved by 1.0% across the yield curve then the impact on the fair value of the
                                                                   RATE        $000’s       $000’s         $000’s       $000’s         $000’s     $000’s
                                                                                                                                                           swaps on equity is shown in the following table. A movement of 1.0%, or 100bps, is considered by management as a reasonable
As at 30 June 2019                                                                                                                                         estimate of a possible shift in interest rates for the year based on historic movements. As the interest rate swaps were effective
                                                                                                                                                           as at 30 June 2019, there is no impact on the income statement in relation to the valuation of the interest rate swaps.
Assets
Advance to joint venture                                           5.0%        1,601               –           –            –              –      1,601                                                                                                                    2019             2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         $000’s           $000’s
Cash and cash equivalents                                          0.2%        8,837               –           –            –              –      8,837
                                                                                                                                                           Post tax impact on equity of a 1.0% move in interest rates
                                                                             10,438                –           –            –              –     10,438
                                                                                                                                                           An increase in interest rates of 1.0% across the yield curve                                                 2,982            3,574
Liabilities
                                                                                                                                                           A decrease in interest rates of 1.0% across the yield curve                                                  (3,131)          (3,604)
Bank borrowings*                                                   5.2%        1,000     209,979               –            –              –    210,979

Finance lease obligations                                          4.5%             –          47              –            –              –         47
                                                                                                                                                           Credit risk
                                                                               1,000     210,026               –            –              –    211,026
                                                                                                                                                           The Group has a concentration of credit risk in respect of the amount outstanding from the buy-back arrangement and other
Interest rate derivative contracts**                               3.0%             –     27,491        20,509       51,850          46,029     145,879
                                                                                                                                                           receivables. The Group has no other significant concentrations of credit risk. Policies are in place to ensure that wholesale sales
                                                                                                                                                           of products and other receivables arising are made to customers with an appropriate credit history. Sales to retail customers are
The effective interest rate of group borrowings is 5.2% including the impact of the interest rate swaps and line fees on facilities.                       made in cash or via major credit cards. Derivative contract counterparties and cash on deposit are limited to high credit rated
                                                                                                                                                           quality financial institutions.

                                                              EFFECTIVE                  FIXED UP          FIXED        FIXED          FIXED               The Group considers its maximum exposure to credit risk as follows:
                                                               INTEREST     FLOATING     TO 1 YEAR     1-2 YEARS    2-5 YEARS       >5 YEARS      TOTAL
                                                                   RATE        $000’s       $000’s         $000’s       $000’s         $000’s     $000’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2019             2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         $000’s           $000’s
As at 30 June 2018
Assets                                                                                                                                                     Bank balances                                                                                                8,837           13,534

Cash and cash equivalents                                          0.1%      13,534                –           –            –              –     13,534    Advance to joint ventures                                                                                    1,601              850

                                                                             13,534                –           –            –              –     13,534    Trade receivables (net of impairment provision)                                                             11,335            8,679

Liabilities                                                                                                                                                Other receivables                                                                                            5,356            6,191

Bank borrowings*                                                   4.8%        2,798     209,258               –            –              –    212,056    Receivable under buy-back arrangement                                                                        7,493            7,872

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       34,622           37,126
Finance lease obligations                                          4.5%             –         221            46             –              –       267

                                                                               2,798     209,479             46             –              –    212,323
                                                                                                                                                           The Group has numerous credit terms for various customers. The terms vary from cash, monthly and greater depending on the
Interest rate derivative contracts**                               2.9%             –       6,692       27,440       57,957          60,085     152,174
                                                                                                                                                           service and goods provided and the customer relationship. Collateral is not normally required. All trade receivables are individually
* Bank borrowing interest rates profile is shown prior to the impact of the interest rate swaps.                                                           reviewed regularly for impairment as part of normal operating procedures and, where appropriate, a provision is made. Trade
** Notional contract amounts and include forward starting interest rate swaps.                                                                             receivables less than three months overdue are not considered impaired. Overdue amounts that have not been provided for
                                                                                                                                                           relate to customers that have a reliable trading credit history and no recent history of default.

Interest rate sensitivity                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2019             2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         NOTES           $000’s           $000’s
At year-end the floating bank borrowings and cash deposits were subject to interest rate sensitivity risk. The remaining                                   Trade receivable analysis
borrowings are fixed using interest rate derivative contracts. If the Group’s floating borrowings and deposits year end balances
remained the same throughout the year and interest rates moved by 1.0% then the impact on profitability and equity is as follows:                          Debtors past due                                                                                             7,729            5,724

                                                                                                                                                           Impairment provision                                                                                         (1,007)           (520)
                                                                                                                                   2019             2018
                                                                                                                                 $000’s           $000’s   Debtors past due but not impaired                                                                            6,722            5,204

Pre-tax impact of:                                                                                                                                         Debtors current                                                                                              4,613            3,475

An increase in interest rates of 1.0%                                                                                                                      Total trade debtors                                                                             26          11,335            8,679
                                                                                                                                 (984)             (876)
A decrease in interest rates of 1.0%                                                                                              984              876
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2019             2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         $000’s           $000’s

                                                                                                                                                           Ageing of debtors past due
                                                                                                                                                           1-30 days                                                                                                    5,969            4,055

                                                                                                                                                           31-60 days                                                                                                     660              832

                                                                                                                                                           61-90 days                                                                                                       37             828

                                                                                                                                                           91+ days                                                                                                     1,063                 9

                                                                                                                                                           Total debtors past due                                                                                       7,729            5,724

                                                                                                                                                           There is no overdue balance in advances to joint ventures, other receiveables and receivables under buy-back arrangement as at
                                                                                                                                                           30 June 2019 (2018: nil).

104 thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        105
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


29. Financial risk management (continued)                                                                                                             30. Derivative financial instruments


Liquidity risk                                                                                                                                        Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities
Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and marketable securities, the availability of funding                          The Group enters into interest rate swaps and other derivatives to hedge interest rate risk.
through an adequate amount of credit facilities and the ability to close out market positions. Due to the dynamic nature of the
underlying businesses, Group Treasury aims to maintain flexibility in funding by rolling the draw downs on a short term basis and                     Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently
keeping credit lines available.                                                                                                                       remeasured at their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The method of recognising the resulting gain or loss depends
                                                                                                                                                      on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument and, if so, the nature of the item being hedged. The Group
The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period at the                      designates certain derivatives as hedges of a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable
reporting date to the contractual maturity date.                                                                                                      forecast transaction (cash flow hedge).

The amounts disclosed are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.                                                                                    The Group documents, at the inception of the transaction, the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items, as
                                                                                                                                                      well as its risk management objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. The Group also documents its
                                                                                                                 GREATER                              assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions
                                                                             UP TO    BETWEEN       BETWEEN       THAN 5                CARRYING
                                                                            1 YEAR    1-2 YEARS     2-5 YEARS      YEARS       TOTAL       VALUE      are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows of hedged items.
                                                                            $000’s        $000’s        $000’s     $000’s      $000’s      $000’s

Year ended 30 June 2019                                                                                                                               Movements on the hedging reserve in shareholders’ equity are shown in the notes. The full fair value of hedging derivatives
                                                                                                                                                      is classified as a non-current asset or liability if the remaining maturity of the hedged item is more than 12 months, and as a
Trade and other payables                                                   45,669              –            –          –     45,669       45,669      current asset or liability if the remaining maturity of the hedged item is less than 12 months. Trading derivatives are classified as
Bank borrowings                                                             9,639      90,576       134,007            –    234,222     210,979       a current asset or liability.
Finance lease obligations                                                       47             –            –          –          47            47    Cash flow hedges
Interest rate and foreign currency derivative contracts*                      842          668         1,673        356        3,539          6,259   The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recognised
                                                                           56,197      91,244       135,680         356     283,477     262,954       in equity. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the income statement. (The gain or loss
                                                                                                                                                      relating to the interest rate swaps are recognised in interest expenses).
                                                                                                                 GREATER
                                                                             UP TO    BETWEEN       BETWEEN       THAN 5                CARRYING      Amounts accumulated in equity are recycled in the income statement in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss
                                                                             1 YEAR    1-2 YEARS    2-5 YEARS      YEARS       TOTAL       VALUE
                                                                             $000’s        $000’s       $000’s     $000’s      $000’s      $000’s     (for instance when the forecast sale that is hedged takes place). The gain or loss relating to the effective portion of interest rate
                                                                                                                                                      swaps hedging variable rate borrowings is recognised in the income statement within ‘finance expenses’. The gain or loss relating
Year ended 30 June 2018                                                                                                                               to the effective portion of forward foreign exchange contracts hedging export sales is recognised in the income statement within
Trade and other payables                                                   50,937              –            –          –     50,937       50,937      ‘sales’. However, when the forecast transaction that is hedged results in the recognition of a non-financial asset (for example,
                                                                                                                                                      inventory) or a non-financial liability, the gains and losses previously deferred in equity are transferred from equity and included in
Bank borrowings                                                             6,898       90,422      128,506            –    225,826     212,056
                                                                                                                                                      the initial measurement of the cost of the asset or liability.
Finance lease obligations                                                     226            47             –          –         273           267
                                                                                                                                                      When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any
Interest rate and foreign currency derivative contracts*                      928          170           805       1,023       2,926          2,916
                                                                                                                                                      cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transaction is
                                                                           58,989       90,639      129,311        1,023    279,962     266,176       ultimately recognised in the income statement. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative
                                                                                                                                                      gain or loss that was reported in equity is immediately transferred to the income statement.
* The amounts expected to be payable on a net basis in relation to the interest rate swaps have been estimated using forward interest rates
  applicable at the reporting date.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2019                2019          2018              2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ASSETS          LIABILITIES       ASSETS        LIABILITIES
Capital risk management                                                                                                                                                                                                              000’s               000’s        $000’s           $000’s

The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern in order                             Interest rate swaps – current portion                                            13                148              –                 –
to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce                           Foreign currency swaps – current portion                                         27                313           291                  –
the cost of capital. The Group considers capital to be share capital and interest bearing debt. To maintain or alter the capital
structure the Group has the ability to review the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue                     Cash flow hedges – total current portion                                         40                461           291                  –
new shares, reduce or increase debt or sell assets.                                                                                                   Interest rate swaps – non current portion                                         –              5,798         1,472             2,916

There are a number of externally imposed bank covenants required as part of seasonal and term debt facilities. These covenants                        Cash flow hedges – total non current portion                                      –              5,798         1,472             2,916
are calculated monthly and reported to banks quarterly. The most significant covenants relating to capital management are                             Total cash flow hedges                                                           40              6,259         1,763             2,916
Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA ratio, and an Equity to Total Assets ratio (net of intangible assets). There have been no
breaches or events of review for the current or prior period.
                                                                                                                                                      The cash flow hedges are fully effective therefore the ineffective portion recognised in the income statement that arises from cash
Seasonality                                                                                                                                           flow hedges in 2019 amounts to nil (2018: nil).
The tourism industry is subject to seasonal fluctuations with peak demand for tourism attractions and transportation over
                                                                                                                                                      Interest rate swaps
the summer months. The operating revenue and profits of the Group’s segments are disclosed in note 1. New Zealand and
Australia’s profits are typically generated over the southern hemisphere summer months and the United States of America’s                             The notional principal amounts of the outstanding interest rate swap contracts at 30 June 2019 were $124,928k (2018: $129,807k).
profits are typically generated over the northern hemisphere summer months. Due to the seasonal nature of the businesses,
the risk profile at year-end is not representative of all risks faced during the year.                                                                At 30 June 2019, the fixed interest rates vary from 1.83% to 5.78% (2018: 1.33% to 5.78%).

                                                                                                                                                      The liquidity table in note 29 identifies the periods in which the cash flows are expected to occur. The periods in which the cash
                                                                                                                                                      flows are expected to impact the profit or loss are materially the same.




106 thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      107
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                               Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


30. Derivative financial instruments (continued)                                                                                         31. Cash flow hedge reserve


Fair values                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2019            2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                $000’s          $000’s
The carrying amount of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded in the financial statements approximates their fair values:
                                                                                                                                         Balance at beginning of year                                                                            (838)         (2,663)
• Derivative financial instruments are carried at fair value as discussed below.
                                                                                                                                         Fair value (losses)/gains                                                                             (5,056)          2,537
• Receivables and payables are short term in nature and, therefore, approximate fair value.                                              Tax on fair value gains/(losses)                                                                       1,411            (712)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (4,483)           (838)
• Interest bearing liabilities re-price at least every 90 days and, therefore, approximate fair value.

Financial instruments of the Group that are measured in the statement of financial position at fair value are classified by level
                                                                                                                                         The cash flow hedge reserve is used to record gains or losses on hedging instruments that are recognised directly in equity.
under the following fair value measurement hierarchy:
                                                                                                                                         The hedging instruments are used to manage interest rate risk. Amounts are recognised in profit and loss when the associated
                                                                                                                                         hedged transaction affects profit and loss.
Level 1   Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
        (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices).

Level 3 Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs).

The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is categorised is determined on the basis of
the lowest input to the fair value measurement. If a fair value measurement uses observable inputs that require significant
adjustment based on unobservable inputs, the measurement is a Level 3 measurement.

The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of fair value hierarchy levels as of the date of the event or
change in circumstances that caused the transfer.

As at 30 June 2019 and 30 June 2018 the Group’s only assets and liabilities measured at fair values are derivative financial
instruments which are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

The methods used in determining fair value are as follows:

Derivative financial instruments
The fair value of derivative financial instruments is calculated using quoted prices. Where such prices are not available,
use is made of discounted cash flow analysis using the applicable yield curve or available forward price data for the duration
of the instruments.

The following inputs are used for fair value calculations of derivatives:


• Interest rate forward price curve                                – Published market swap rates
• Foreign exchange forward prices                                  – Published spot foreign exchange rates and interest rate
                                                                     differentials
• Discount rate for valuing interest rate derivatives              – The discount rates used to value interest rate derivatives are
                                                                     published market interest rates as applicable to the remaining
                                                                     life of the instrument
• Discount rate for valuing forward foreign exchange contracts – The discount rates used to value interest rate derivatives are
                                                                 published market interest rates as applicable to the remaining
                                                                 life of the instrument


There were no changes to these valuation techniques during the period. There were no transfers of derivative financial
instruments between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the year.




108 thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                              109
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                              Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


Section F – Other                                                                                                                       32. Related party transactions (continued)


In this section                                                                                                                         Action Manufacturing LP

This section includes the remaining information relating to thl’s financial statements which is required to comply with financial       Grant Brady is a shareholder in another entity, Alpine Bird Manufacturing Limited, that owns 50% of Action Manufacturing
reporting standards.                                                                                                                    Limited Partnership (“AMLP”) that was set up in March 2012. AMLP manufactures the motorhomes and campervans used by
                                                                                                                                        Rentals New Zealand, manufactures motorhomes and parts for Rentals Australia, and manufactures specialty vehicles for external
                                                                                                                                        customers. Pricing is based on the cost of manufacture plus an agreed margin set out in the Limited Partnership Agreement.
                                                                                                                                        During the year, the Group sold certain ex-rental vehicles to AMLP to repurpose and resell. AMLP also subleases part of the Bush
32. Related party transactions                                                                                                          Road property described above.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2019              2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       $000’s            $000’s
Key management compensation
                                                                                                                                        Purchase of motorhomes by the Group from the joint venture                                                   49,726             57,105
                                                                                                               2019              2018
                                                                                                             $000’s            $000’s   Sales of vehicles by the Group to the joint venture                                                            1,518              716
Salaries and other short term employee benefits                                                             5,674              5,406    Net interest in Action Manufacturing LP (note 17)                                                              9,941             7,293
Share based payments benefits                                                                                 368               326

                                                                                                                                        Just go
Total positions included in the executive team are 14 (2018: 15).                                                                       In the year ended 30 June 2015 the Group acquired a shareholding in Just go (refer to note 18). In the year ended 30 June 2019
                                                                                                                                        the Group purchased motorhomes from Just go with a value of $12,040k (June 2018: $5,743k). Furthermore, at 30 June 2019,
Executive management do not receive any directors’ fees as directors of subsidiary companies.                                           the Group had a commitment to purchase motorhomes from Just go with a value of $11,240k (2018: $12,805k).
Directors’ fees                                                                                                                         Schork Family
                                                                                                               2019              2018   As part of the consideration for the acquisition of El Monte Rents Inc, the Group issued 3,384,266 ordinary shares to entities
                                                                                                             $000’s            $000’s
                                                                                                                                        associated with the Schork family. An entity associated with the Schork family provides warranties to customers of El Monte
Directors’ fees                                                                                               653               537     Rents Inc - the total amount paid by customers during 2019 was $330k (June 2018: 475k). At the time of the acquisition, the
                                                                                                                                        Group entered into a number of property lease agreements with entities associated with the Schork family. The leases are in
                                                                                                                                        relation to branches used by El Monte RV. The cost of the leases are set out in the table below:
Shares issued in lieu of cash
At the 2013 Annual Meeting of shareholders, shareholder approval was obtained for thl to issue shares in whole or in part                                                                                                                                2019              2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       $000’s            $000’s
payment of directors’ remuneration. Currently, Rob Campbell has elected to receive 50% of his director fee in shares, and
Debbie Birch, Cathy Quinn and Graeme Wong have elected to receive 33% of their director fees in shares. Shares issued in lieu           Rental and operating lease costs                                                                               3,255             2,896
of directors’ fees are as follows:

                                                                                                                                        Cathy Quinn
                                                                              SHARES 000’s                      VALUE $000’s
                                                                                                                                        Cathy Quinn was appointed to the Board of Directors in September 2017. Cathy is a partner at MinterEllisonRuddWatts
                                                                             2019             2018             2019             2018
                                                                                                                                        (MinterEllison). MinterEllison has provided legal services to thl. The amounts paid for the legal services are set out in the
Shares issued in lieu of cash                                                 32               42             161               214     table below:
Shares to be issued to directors at 30 June                                     –               –               45               36
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2019              2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       $000’s            $000’s

Kay Howe (Non-executive Director)                                                                                                       Legal services                                                                                                  677               460
Supreme Motorhome Manufacturing Limited (Supreme) is owned by entities associated with thl director Kay Howe. Supreme
has provided caravans, parts, and service work to thl.
                                                                                                                                        Togo Group

                                                                                                               2019              2018
                                                                                                                                        As part of the investment in Togo Group (refer to note 17), thl had an obligation to complete certain parts of the Togo Fleet RV
                                                                                                             $000’s            $000’s   industry platform development. thl also provides finance, payroll and administrative support services to Togo Group. These have
                                                                                                                                        been charged to Togo Group on a monthly basis.
Payments to Supreme including purchase of motorhomes and caravans                                               22              274

Sales of motorhomes to Supreme                                                                                  57                 –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2019              2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       $000’s            $000’s

Grant Brady (Managing Director of Action Manufacturing Limited)                                                                         Togo Fleet development costs charged by Togo Group                                                              573               632

Grant Brady, Managing Director of Action Manufacturing, is a minority shareholder and director of Bush Road Enterprise                  Support services provided by thl                                                                                277               130
Limited. thl subleases a property in Bush Road which is owned by Bush Road Enterprises Limited. The lease on this property              Net interest in Togo Group (note 17)                                                                         42,766             45,967
was renewed for a further term of six years in April 2015. The cost of the sublease and operating expenses are set out in the table
below:
                                                                                                                                        Revenue from Togo Group for providing Mighway Managed option                                                    410                  –
                                                                                                               2019              2018   Capex (tablets) paid by Togo Group                                                                                34                 –
                                                                                                             $000’s            $000’s

Cost of sublease and operating expenses                                                                       660               599




110   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      111
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                                Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


33. Share-based payments                                                                                                                  33. Share-based payments (continued)


Employee benefits                                                                                                                         Movements in redeemable shares under the 2009 scheme have been as follows:

Share scheme
                                                                                                                                          Year of issue                                                               2016           2015           2014                 2013         2012            TOTAL

                                                                                                                                          Shares issued                                                       2,000,000      1,480,000       1,450,000          1,850,000       2,650,000      9,430,000
      Share scheme 2009-16
                                                                                                                                          Less: Forfeited
      From the 2009 financial year the Group has operated an equity-settled, share-based long term incentive plan for
      the Chief Executive and other senior executives under which the Group receives services from the executives as                      2012                                                                           –              –                 –                –     100,000            100,000
      consideration for redeemable ordinary shares of the Group. The fair value of the employee services received in
      exchange for the grant of the redeemable shares is recognised as an expense in the income statement. The total                      2013                                                                           –              –                 –          200,000            –           200,000
      amount expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the redeemable shares granted.
                                                                                                                                          2014                                                                           –              –                 –          400,000     333,333            733,333

      Amounts accumulated in the employee share scheme reserve are transferred to share capital on redemption of the                      2015                                                                           –              –      250,000               250,000     233,333            733,333
      redeemable shares or to retained earnings where they are forfeited. At the end of each reporting period, the Group
      revises its estimates of the number of redeemable shares that are expected to vest based on the non-market vesting                  2016                                                                           –     250,000          66,667                     –            –           316,667
      conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in the income statement, with a
      corresponding adjustment to the employee share scheme reserve.                                                                      2019                                                                  100,000                 –                 –                –            –           100,000

                                                                                                                                                                                                                100,000        250,000         316,667               850,000     666,666       2,183,333

                                                                                                                                          Less: Converted to ordinary shares
The terms of the scheme are contained in a trust deed, with the following main terms:
                                                                                                                                          2014                                                                           –              –                 –          100,000     466,667            566,667
1. Redeemable shares are issued and held by THL Corporate Trustee Limited on behalf of the executive.                                     2015                                                                           –              –                 –                –     116,667            116,667

2. Prior to April 2015 the issue price of the redeemable shares was set based on the volume weighted average price of Tourism             2016                                                                           –              –      333,334               466,666    1,200,000      2,000,000
   Holdings Limited ordinary shares over the 10 days leading up to the issue date. From April 2015 the issue price was calculated
   over a 20 day period leading up to the issue date, to align with the calculation of shares issued to directors’ in lieu of directors   2017                                                                           –     183,467         247,704               233,334            –           664,505
   fees.
                                                                                                                                          2018                                                                  511,038        376,667         352,295               200,000     200,000       1,640,000
3. One cent is payable on acceptance of the redeemable shares.
                                                                                                                                          2019                                                                  303,332        100,000                    –                –            –           403,332

4. The redeemable shares are able to be converted to ordinary shares at the election of the executive after a minimum of two                                                                                    814,370        660,134         933,333          1,000,000       1,983,334      5,391,171
   years at a rate of one third of the issue per year. The exercise price payable by the executive is the issue price plus a cost of
   equity adjustment for two years, less dividends paid for two years.                                                                    Redeemable shares outstanding                                       1,085,630        569,866         200,000                     –            –      1,855,496

5. The redeemable shares are entitled to dividends only to the extent that they are paid up.
                                                                                                                                          Movements in the number of redeemable shares outstanding and their related weighted average exercise prices are as follows:
6. The maximum period that the redeemable shares can be on issue is six years.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2019                           2018
7. Valuation of the redeemable shares for accounting purposes is done by KPMG using the Binomial Option Pricing Model.
   The assessed value is charged to the profit and loss over the life of the scheme/option with a corresponding credit to the                                                                                                                AVERAGE                             AVERAGE
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             EXERCISE         REDEEMABLE         EXERCISE     REDEEMABLE
   employee share scheme reserve.                                                                                                                                                                                                              PRICE*             SHARES           PRICE*         SHARES

                                                                                                                                          At 1 July                                                                                               2.35         2,358,828            2.12       3,998,828

                                                                                                                                          Forfeited                                                                                               2.79          (100,000)               –                 –

                                                                                                                                          Exercised                                                                                               2.56          (403,332)           1.71       (1,640,000)

                                                                                                                                          At 30 June                                                                                              2.29         1,855,496            2.35       2,358,828

                                                                                                                                          Convertible shares at 30 June                                                                               –        1,493,619                –      1,142,898



                                                                                                                                          403,332 redeemable shares were converted to ordinary shares in the year to June 2019 which resulted in 403,332 ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                          being issued (2018: 1,640,000) at a weighted average price of $2.56 per share (2018: $1.71). 100,000 shares were forfeited as a result
                                                                                                                                          of an Executive leaving the business (2018: nil).

                                                                                                                                          * Exercise price is issue price, less 1 cent paid, less dividends paid for two years, plus a cost of equity adjustment for two years.




112   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  113
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                           Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


33. Share-based payments (continued)                                                                                                 33. Share-based payments (continued)


Redeemable shares outstanding at year end have the following expiry dates and exercise prices:
                                                                                                                                        Share scheme 2017
                                                                                                             2019           2018
                                                                                                      REDEEMABLE     REDEEMABLE         In the 2017 financial year the Group introduced an equity-settled, share-based long term incentive plan for the Chief
                                                                                   EXERCISE PRICE*        SHARES         SHARES
                                                                                                                                        Executive and other senior executives under which the Group receives services from the executives as consideration for
Expiry date                                                                                                                             Options to purchase ordinary shares of the Group. The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the
                                                                                                                                        grant of the Options is recognised as an expense in the income statement. The total amount expensed is determined
March 2020                                                                                  1.17         200,000        200,000         by reference to the fair value of the Options granted.

October 2020                                                                                1.47         193,200        193,200         Amounts accumulated in the employee share scheme reserve are transferred to share capital on the exercise of
                                                                                                                                        the Options or to retained earnings where they are forfeited. At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises
March 2021                                                                                  1.84         376,666        476,666
                                                                                                                                        its estimates of the number of Options that are expected to vest based on the non-market vesting conditions. It
April 2022                                                                                  2.79        1,085,630     1,488,962         recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in the income statement, with a corresponding
                                                                                                                                        adjustment to the employee share scheme reserve.
Redeemable shares outstanding                                                               2.29        1,855,496     2,358,828

Valuation of redeemable shares                                                                           374,749        482,998
                                                                                                                                     The terms of the 2017 scheme are contained in a document entitled ‘The Rules of the Tourism Holdings Long Term Incentive
                                                                                                                                     Scheme 2017’.
The value of the redeemable shares calculated using the Binomial Option Pricing Model is being amortised over the life of the
redeemable share rights. The 2019 expense of $130k (2018: $179k) will accumulate in the employee share scheme reserve.               1. Options to purchase ordinary shares are issued to executives by the Board.

In arriving at the value of the redeemable share rights under the Binomial Option Pricing Model the following inputs have            2. The option price is set based on the volume weighted average price of Tourism Holdings Limited ordinary shares over the
been used:                                                                                                                              20 days leading up to the grant date.

                                                                                                                                     3. The options can be exercised at the election of the employee after a minimum of two years from the grant date. A maximum
                                                                                              2016            2015            2014
                                                                                                                                        of one third of the options can be exercised after two years, two thirds after three years and all options can be exercised after
Issue price                                                                                 $2.57    $1.41 & $1.78          $1.14       five years. After six years, the options lapse and there is no further right to exercise. The exercise price payable by the executive
                                                                                                                                        is the option price plus a cost of equity adjustment for two years, less dividends paid for two years.
Forecast dividend yield over the life of the transfer rights                                 6.1%            8.9%            6.0%
                                                                                                                                     4. The participants holding options have no interest in the ordinary shares that are the subject of the options, until the options
Risk free rate of interest over the exercise period of the share transfer rights           3.40%            3.30%           4.63%       are exercised and ordinary shares issued.
Volatility of Tourism Holdings Limited share price returns mid point                       23.0%            26.0%           32.5%
                                                                                                                                     5. Valuation of the options for accounting purposes is done by KPMG using the Binomial Option Pricing Model. The assessed
Cost of capital adjustment p.a.                                                           12.30%          11.50%         13.20%         value is charged to the profit and loss over the life of the scheme/option with a corresponding credit to the employee share
                                                                                                                                        scheme reserve.

Note: the exercise prices above are adjusted for any dividends paid to date, but make no assumption about future dividends,          Movements in options granted under the 2017 scheme are as follows:
which will be deducted from the exercise price.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2019              2018             2017

                                                                                                                                     Options granted                                                                            1,220,000          980,000        1,040,000

                                                                                                                                     Issued price                                                                                   $4.81             $6.08             $3.84


                                                                                                                                     The exercise price will be calculated as the issue price less dividends paid for two years, plus a cost of equity adjustment for
                                                                                                                                     two years.

                                                                                                                                     The value of the share transfer rights is calculated using the Binomial Option Pricing Model and is being amortised over the
                                                                                                                                     life of the share transfer rights. The 2019 expense of $238k (2018:$147k) will accumulate in the employee share scheme reserve.

                                                                                                                                     In arriving at the value of the share transfer rights under the Binomial Option Pricing Model the following inputs have been used:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2019              2018             2017

                                                                                                                                     Issue price                                                                                    $4.81             $6.08             $3.84

                                                                                                                                     Forecast dividend yield over the life of the transfer rights                                   5.91%              3.8%             5.3%

                                                                                                                                     Risk free rate of interest over the exercise period of the share transfer rights               2.33%              2.9%             3.3%

                                                                                                                                     Volatility of Tourism Holdings Limited share price returns mid point                           21.0%            21.0%            21.0%

                                                                                                                                     Cost of equity Adjustment                                                                      11.9%            12.0%            11.5%




114   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    115
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


34. Reconciliation of profit after taxation with cash flows from operating activities                                                 34. Reconciliation of profit after taxation with cash flows from operating activities (continued)


                                                                                                                                      Net cash/debt reconciliation
      In accordance with NZ IAS 7 the Group classifies cash flows from the sale and purchase of rental assets as operating cash       This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in the net debt.
      flows. Where the timing of receipts and payments is of a short term nature, the cash flows are presented on a net basis.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2019           2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  $000’s         $000’s

                                                                                                                                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                   8,837        13,534
                                                                                                               2019            2018
                                                                                             NOTES           $000’s          $000’s   Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                             8,837        13,534

Operating profit after tax                                                                                 29,753           62,354    Borrowings, short-term                                                                                         (46)         (221)

Plus/(less) non-cash items:                                                                                                           Borrowings, long-term                                                                                    (210,980)      (212,102)

Depreciation                                                                                   12          51,546           46,044    Net debt                                                                                                 (202,189)      (198,789)

Amortisation of fixed term intangibles                                                         16            1,097           1,328

Amortisation of executive share scheme                                                         33             368             326     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                   8,837        13,534

Movement in deferred taxation                                                                                1,021           4,928    Gross debt – variable interest rates                                                                       (1,000)        (2,798)

Increase/(decrease) in provision for doubtful debts                                                           486             155     Gross debt – fixed interest rates                                                                        (210,026)      (209,525)

Interest                                                                                                      155             (188)   Net debt                                                                                                 (202,189)      (198,789)

Gain recognised in relation to the Togo Group transaction                                        3                    -    (24,322)

Share of loss from joint ventures and associates                                            17, 18         11,048            1,029    Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, cheques, deposits held at call with financial institutions and bank overdrafts.

Non-cash director remuneration                                                                                171             180     There is no restricted cash as at 30 June 2019 (2018: nil).
Total non-cash items                                                                                       65,892           29,480
                                                                                                                                                                                                               ASSETS LIABILITIES FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

                                                                                                                                                                                                                          BORROWINGS       BORROWINGS
Plus/(less) items classified as investing activities:                                                                                                                                                      CASH/BANK       DUE WITHIN        DUE AFTER
                                                                                                                                                                                                           OVERDRAFT         ONE YEAR         ONE YEAR           TOTAL
Net (gain)/loss on sale of property,plant and equipment                                          3               2            (335)
                                                                                                                                      Balance at 1 July 2017                                                    6,117             (494)        (181,943)      (176,320)
Total items classified as investing activities                                                                   2            (335)
                                                                                                                                      Cash flow                                                                 6,931             273           (15,616)        (8,412)

                                                                                                                                      Foreign exchange adjustment                                                486                            (14,543)       (14,057)
Reclassification of cash flows associated with rental assets
                                                                                                                                      Net debt at 30 June 2018                                                 13,534             (221)        (212,102)      (198,789)
Net book value of rental assets sold                                                                       95,414         104,065

Purchase of rental assets                                                                                (176,075)        (178,096)
                                                                                                                                      Balance at 1 July 2018                                                   13,534             (221)        (212,102)      (198,789)
Total cash flows associated with rental assets                                                             (80,661)        (74,031)
                                                                                                                                      Cash flow                                                                (4,728)            175             1,502         (3,051)
Trading cash flow                                                                                          14,986           17,468
                                                                                                                                      Foreign exchange adjustment                                                  31                              (380)          (349)

                                                                                                                                      Net debt at 30 June 2019                                                  8,837              (46)        (210,980)      (202,189)
Plus/(less) movements in working capital:
(Decrease)/increase in trade payables excluding rental assets                                               (4,617)          3,351

Increase/(decrease) in revenue received in advance                                                           1,143            929

Increase/(decrease) in provision for taxation                                                                 757            2,632

Increase/(decrease) in employee benefits                                                                        54            (327)

(Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                                                          (5,878)          2,946

Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                                           3,756          (2,396)

Total movements in working capital                                                                          (4,785)          7,135

Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                   10,201           24,603




116   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                              117
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                                               Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)


35. Deferred income tax                                                                                                                                  36. Changes in accounting policies and disclosures


                                                                                                                                                         Issued standards and amendments effective from 1 July 2018
      Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax loss carry-forwards to the extent that the realisation of the related tax                        NZ IFRS 9 ‘Financial Instruments’ and NZ IFRS 15 ‘Revenue from contracts with customers’ are effective and have been adopted
      benefit through the future taxable profits is probable.                                                                                            by the Group. The impact on the financial statements are disclosed in the relevant notes to the consolidated financial statements.
      Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets                       New standard not yet adopted by the Group
      against current liabilities and when the deferred income tax relate to the same fiscal authority.
                                                                                                                                                         The following accounting standard is not yet effective and has not been early adopted by the Group:

                                                                                                                                                         NZ IFRS 16, Leases replaces the current guidance in NZ IAS 17. Under NZ IFRS 16, a contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract
The offset amounts are as follows:                                                                                                                       conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Under NZ IAS 17,
                                                                                                                                                         a lessee was required to make a distinction between a finance lease (on balance sheet) and an operating lease (off balance
                                                                                                                               2019               2018   sheet). NZ IFRS 16 now requires a lessee to recognise a lease liability reflecting future lease payments and a ‘right-of-use asset’
                                                                                                                             $000’s             $000’s
                                                                                                                                                         for virtually all lease contracts. Included is an optional exemption for certain short-term leases and leases of low-value assets;
Deferred tax (asset)/liabilities:                                                                                                                        however, this exemption can only be applied by lessees. The standard is effective for accounting periods beginning on or after
                                                                                                                                                         1 January 2019. Early adoption is permitted but only in conjunction with NZ IFRS 15, ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’.
– Deferred tax liability to be met after more than 12 months                                                               21,782             15,384
                                                                                                                                                         The Group intends to adopt NZ IFRS 16 on its effective date.
– Deferred tax liability to be met within 12 months                                                                         5,516             10,040
                                                                                                                                                         Upon adoption, NZ IFRS 16 will have a material impact on a number of elements of the Group’s balance sheet and income
– Deferred tax asset to be realised after more than 12 months                                                               (3,954)            (1,382)
                                                                                                                                                         statement. There will also be an impact to both operating and financing activities within the Group cash flow statement, although
– Deferred tax asset to be realised within 12 months                                                                        (1,120)              (989)   there is no impact on the net cash flows of the Group. The Group plans to apply NZ IFRS 16 initially on 1 July 2019, using the
                                                                                                                                                         modified retrospective approach. Certain practical expedients are expected to be applied. Management has developed a model
Net deferred tax liability                                                                                                 22,224             23,053
                                                                                                                                                         to calculate the quantitative impact of the current operating leases under NZ IFRS 16 as at 30 June 2019. The model requires
                                                                                                                                                         management to make some key judgements, including:
The gross movement on the deferred income tax account is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                         • the discount rate derived from the incremental borrowing rate for each relevant overseas territory when the interest rate
                                                                                                                                                           implicit in the lease was not readily available; and
                                                                                                                               2019               2018
                                                                                                                             $000’s             $000’s
                                                                                                                                                         • lease terms, including any rights of renewal expected to be exercised.
Beginning of the year                                                                                                      23,053             17,155

Income statement charge                                                                                                     (2,115)            4,633     The Group has a number of operating leases, predominantly relating to the leased premises from which it operates (refer to
                                                                                                                                                         note 14). Based on the information currently available, the Group estimates that it will recognise right-of-use assets within a
Prior period adjustment(1)                                                                                                    (840)                 –    range of approximately $74-76 million and lease liabilities within a range of approximately $84-86 million on 1 July 2019. The
Cash refund of losses                                                                                                       3,487                   –    difference between the future aggregated minimum lease payment amount under non-cancellable operating leases in note
                                                                                                                                                         14 is related to expectation of right of renewals and the incremental borrowing rate used. The cumulative effect of adopting
Tax charged to equity                                                                                                       (1,361)            1,265
                                                                                                                                                         NZ IFRS 16 will be recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings at 1 July 2019, with no restatement
End of the year                                                                                                            22,224             23,053     of comparative information. This is a non-cash adjustment and will not impact the Group’s ability to comply with its debt
Comprised of:                                                                                                                                            covenants.

Future tax benefit                                                                                                        (35,034)           (14,058)    Management is in the process of assessing the deferred tax implications on the date of adoption. In addition to the above and
Deferred tax liability                                                                                                     57,258             37,111     subject to the issuance of specific guidance from the accounting standard setters, it is expected that a deferred tax asset of
                                                                                                                                                         approximately $3 million will be recognised at 30 June 2020. The decrease in opening retained earnings referred to above
Net deferred tax liability                                                                                                 22,224             23,053     would consequently reduce to a range of approximately $7-9 million.

                                                                                                                                                         The impact on the consolidated income statement for the period ending 30 June 2020 is expected to be:
The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
                                                                                                                                                         • Decrease in operating rental expenses of approximately $10-11 million;
                                                                                                                               2019               2018
                                                                                                                             $000’s             $000’s   • Increase in depreciation (relating to the right-of-use assets) of approximately $7-8 million; and
Amounts recognised in income statement
                                                                                                                                                         • Increase in finance costs (interest expenses) of approximately $3-4 million
Provisions                                                                                                                  (1,818)            (1,883)

Property, plant and equipment                                                                                              26,414             24,081     The estimated potential financial adjustments above are expected to be different from the final result as new leases are entered
                                                                                                                                                         into, current lease payments are re-negotiated, expectation of exercising rights of lease renewals change and the incremental
Tax credits(1)                                                                                                              (1,425)                 –    borrowing rate used is updated.
Amounts recognised directly in equity
                                                                                                                                                         In thl ’s capacity as a lessor, there will be additional disclosure requirements, but the additional disclosures will not have any
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                              (947)              855     impact on the reported numbers.
Net deferred tax liability                                                                                                 22,224             23,053
                                                                                                                                                         Other interpretations and amendments are unlikely to have a significant impact on the Group’s financial statements and have,
(1) The prior year tax adjustment includes a one-off tax benefit in the US, in relation to an allowance under the tax code to carryback tax losses to    therefore, not been analysed in detail.
    previous tax years. The tax years that the losses were applied to had a higher tax rate than the losses were previously valued at.




118   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       119
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)                                                                             Independent auditor’s report
                                                                                                                                       To the shareholders of Tourism Holdings Limited

37. Contingencies


                                                                                                                                       We have audited the consolidated financial statements which comprise:

As at 30 June 2019 the Group has bank guarantees of $1,089k in place. Predominantly these are in lieu of bonds paid relating           • the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2019;
to leased assets (2018: $1,130k).
                                                                                                                                       • the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;
The Group has been subject to an investigation by the Victorian State Revenue Authority. As a result, the Authority has raised
a tax demand for approximately NZ$3.8M (AU$3.6M) (including legal costs, penalties and interest). The Group would receive              • the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
a tax benefit of NZ$0.8M (AU$0.8M) if the assessment was paid in full, and therefore the net cost after tax would be NZ$3.0M
(AU$2.8M). The Group is pursuing its rights of objection and appeal and the directors believe that a favourable outcome is             • the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
probable. If unsuccessful there will also be an ongoing increase in costs for the Australian business but these will not be material
                                                                                                                                       • the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
for the Group.
                                                                                                                                       • the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.

                                                                                                                                       Our opinion
38. Events after the reporting period
                                                                                                                                       In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Tourism Holdings Limited (the Company or thl),
                                                                                                                                       including its subsidiaries (the Group), present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Group as at 30 June
                                                                                                                                       2019, its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents to
38.1 Final Dividend – A dividend was declared after balance date at 14 cents per share payable on 11 October 2019. The dividend
                                                                                                                                       International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
reinvestment plan will be available for this dividend.
                                                                                                                                       Basis for opinion
38.2 Capital Raise – In July 2019 the Group issued 14,667,436 shares in relation to the settlement of an approximately $50M fully
underwritten pro rata 1 for 9 rights offer at $3.40 per share (refer to note 20).                                                      We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs (NZ)) and International
                                                                                                                                       Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities
                                                                                                                                       for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report.

                                                                                                                                       We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

                                                                                                                                       We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 (Revised) Code of Ethics for Assurance
                                                                                                                                       Practitioners (PES 1) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board and the International Ethics
                                                                                                                                       Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (IESBA Code), and we have fulfilled our other
                                                                                                                                       ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

                                                                                                                                       Our firm carries out other services for the Group in the areas of treasury advisory, remuneration benchmarking, assistance
                                                                                                                                       with the compilation of subsidiary financial statements, other assurance services and agreed upon procedures in relation
                                                                                                                                       to interim financial statements and agreed upon procedures in relation to the annual meeting and the Waitomo lease
                                                                                                                                       compliance. The provision of these other services has not impaired our independence as auditor of the Group.

                                                                                                                                                             Our audit approach
                                                                                                                                                             Overview
                                                                                                                                                             An audit is designed to obtain reasonable assurance whether the financial statements are free from
                                                                                                                                                             material misstatement.

                                                                                                                                                             Overall Group materiality: $1.95 million, which represents approximately 5% of profit before tax.

                                                                                                                                                             We chose profit before tax as the benchmark because, in our view, it is the benchmark against which the
                                                                                                                                                             performance of the Group is most commonly measured by users, and is a generally accepted benchmark.

                                                                                                                                                             We have determined that there are two key audit matters:

                                                                                                                                                             • Residual values and depreciation rates for motorhomes

                                                                                                                                                             • Investment in Togo Group Joint Venture.

                                                                                                                                       Materiality
                                                                                                                                       The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality.

                                                                                                                                       Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, including the overall Group
                                                                                                                                       materiality for the consolidated financial statements as a whole as set out above. These, together with qualitative considerations,
                                                                                                                                       helped us to determine the scope of our audit, the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect
                                                                                                                                       of misstatements, both individually and in aggregate on the consolidated financial statements as a whole.




120   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      121
Independent auditor’s report (continued)                                                                                          Independent auditor’s report (continued)
To the shareholders of Tourism Holdings Limited                                                                                   To the shareholders of Tourism Holdings Limited




Audit scope                                                                                                                       Key audit matters
We designed our audit by assessing the risks of material misstatement in the consolidated financial statements and our
                                                                                                                                  Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
application of materiality. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls
                                                                                                                                  consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
including among other matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material
                                                                                                                                  consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
misstatement due to fraud.
                                                                                                                                  opinion on these matters.
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion on the consolidated
financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group, the accounting processes and controls,           KEY AUDIT MATTER                                                        HOW OUR AUDIT ADDRESSED THE KEY AUDIT MATTER
and the industry in which the Group operates.
                                                                                                                                  Residual values and depreciation rates for motorhomes
We identified four subsidiaries and the Togo joint venture that, due to their financially significant contribution as well as     The value of the motorhomes fleet at 30 June 2019 was $359 million      We performed the following audit procedures to assess
strategic importance to the Group’s overall results, required a full-scope audit. In addition, we also performed specific audit   (2018: $331 million), having charged $47 million (2018: $41 million)    the judgements made by management:
procedures on certain balances and transactions of other subsidiaries. Audits of each subsidiary are performed at a materiality   depreciation for the year.
level calculated with reference to a proportion of Group materiality relative to the financial significance of the business                                                                               • we obtained an understanding of the relevant
concerned.                                                                                                                        The gain on sale from motorhomes sold during the year was                 business processes;
                                                                                                                                  $16 million (2018: $23 million).
Our Group audit scope focused on the major operating locations. In aggregate, the locations selected contribute 98% of the                                                                                • we reviewed management’s annual board paper on
Group’s revenue and 99% of the Group’s profit before tax.                                                                         thl generates both rental income from its motorhomes and revenue          the motorhome residual values and depreciation
                                                                                                                                  from the sale of motorhomes. Accordingly, there are two significant       rates;
The audit work on the subsidiaries was undertaken by the Group engagement team and the audit work on the Togo joint               operating activities associated with its motorhomes and the financial
venture was performed by a component auditor from a PwC network firm operating under our instructions. Where the                  performance of each operating activity is assessed separately.          • for a sample of motorhomes sold during the year
work was performed by a component auditor, we determined the level of the Group engagement team’s involvement in                                                                                            we compared the sales proceeds to the depreciated
the component auditor’s work and any additional procedures to be performed by the Group engagement team in order                  The depreciation rate applied to the motorhomes directly affects          value in the fixed asset register to recalculate the
to provide us with the audit evidence we needed for our opinion on the financial statements as a whole.                           the profit from rental and the subsequent gain on sale. The estimate,     gain or loss on sale and assess the accuracy of
                                                                                                                                  therefore, can have a significant impact on the annual performance        management’s calculations;
                                                                                                                                  results.
                                                                                                                                                                                                          • we recalculated the gain or loss on sale and assessed
                                                                                                                                  Management estimates the depreciation rates for motorhomes                how many motorhomes were sold at a loss, which
                                                                                                                                  based on the expected value decline over their useful life, on a          could indicate that depreciation rates are potentially
                                                                                                                                  straight line basis. This requires management to estimate the useful      too low;
                                                                                                                                  life and the residual value of the vehicle when it is expected to be
                                                                                                                                  taken out of the rental fleet. The residual value is influenced by      • we compared the profit margins achieved from
                                                                                                                                  its condition, the mileage on the motorhome and the consumer              motorhome sales for the year to historical and
                                                                                                                                  demand within the relevant resale market. Management considers            forecasted results. Where actual results deviated
                                                                                                                                  the market conditions and the impact any changes could have on            from forecasted and/or historical results, we
                                                                                                                                  their estimates as part of their overall fleet management program.        understood the underlying reasons and considered
                                                                                                                                                                                                            the potential impact on current and future
                                                                                                                                  Management completes an annual review of the appropriateness              depreciation rates. This provided evidence to support
                                                                                                                                  of the depreciation rates and the residual values by:                     the ability of management to reliably forecast
                                                                                                                                                                                                            expected useful life and residual values of the
                                                                                                                                  • comparing the actual depreciation rate to previous years’               motorhome fleet;
                                                                                                                                    depreciation rates, considering residual value estimates over
                                                                                                                                    the life of the motorhomes and assessing the basis for any            • we recalculated the depreciation charge for the year;
                                                                                                                                    changes; and                                                            and

                                                                                                                                  • comparing profit margins on the vehicle sales for the year to         • we assessed whether depreciation rates applied were
                                                                                                                                    the expected margin based on the estimated residual value               consistent with the accounting policy.
                                                                                                                                    and to historical margins achieved.
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Our audit procedures did not result in any adjustments.
                                                                                                                                  Changes in the expected useful life or residual value will impact
                                                                                                                                  the depreciation charge and will have a corresponding impact
                                                                                                                                  on the results of the Group.

                                                                                                                                  Refer to note 12 – Property, plant and equipment.




122   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                            123
Independent auditor’s report (continued)                                                                                         Independent auditor’s report (continued)
To the shareholders of Tourism Holdings Limited                                                                                  To the shareholders of Tourism Holdings Limited




KEY AUDIT MATTER                                                       HOW OUR AUDIT ADDRESSED THE KEY AUDIT MATTER              Information other than the financial statements and auditor’s report
                                                                                                                                 The Directors are responsible for the annual report. Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not
Valuation of the investment in Togo Group joint venture
                                                                                                                                 cover the other information included in the annual report and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion on
thl has a 50% interest in Togo Group (“Togo”), which is an equity      We performed the following audit procedures to assess     the other information.
accounted joint venture with a carrying value of $43 million as        the judgements made by the Directors:
disclosed in note 17.                                                                                                            In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
                                                                       • obtained an understanding of the relevant business      in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or
Togo operates as a digital service provider to travellers and            processes;                                              our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
recreational vehicle (“RV”) owners and operators mainly in the                                                                   performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a
United States. These services include trip planning and booking,       • obtained an understanding of the valuation              material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
remote system monitoring, roadside assistance, and peer to peer          methodology applied and the key assumptions
RV campsite rental.                                                      made by Togo’s management in determining                Responsibilities of the Directors for the consolidated financial statements
                                                                         the value in use of the investment in Togo as at
                                                                                                                                 The Directors are responsible, on behalf of the Company, for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial
Togo is in its start-up phase with losses being forecasted for           30 June 2019;
                                                                                                                                 statements in accordance with NZ IFRS and IFRS, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable
the first few years of operations and resulting ongoing funding
                                                                       • agreed the key inputs in the valuation model to         the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
requirements. The development and roll-out of Togo’s products to
date has progressed more slowly than expected, resulting in lower        Togo’s board approved budgets and tested the
                                                                                                                                 In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
revenue and expenses and an overall smaller loss than forecasted         model for mathematical accuracy;
                                                                                                                                 a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
in the current year. The Directors are of the view that the market                                                               unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
opportunity remains unchanged and therefore thl continues to           • engaged our valuation expert to assess the
fund its share of Togo’s operations.                                     discount rate and terminal growth rate;
                                                                                                                                 Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

The Directors assessed whether or not there is an impairment in the    • assessed the reasonableness of projected future cash    Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements, as a whole, are
carrying value of the investment based on the fair value of Togo, as     flows, considered a range of sensitivities and tested   free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
calculated by Togo’s management. Togo’s management engaged               the impact of those changes on the valuation; and       Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs
an external expert to assist them in estimating the value in use,                                                                (NZ) and ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
                                                                       • assessed the adequacy of disclosures in the financial   considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions
applying a valuation methodology based on discounted cash flows,
                                                                         statements against the requirements of the              of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
and compared the value in use with the carrying value.
                                                                         accounting standards.
The estimated future cash flows used in the model were based on                                                                  A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located at the External Reporting Board’s
                                                                     Our audit procedures did not result in any adjustments.     website at:
the budget for the next financial year and forecasted cash flows for
subsequent periods and involve subjective estimates about future
                                                                                                                                 https://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurance-practitioners/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-1/
business performance. Key assumptions made included revenue and
operating expenses’ growth rates, the discount rate and the terminal
                                                                                                                                 This description forms part of our auditor’s report.
growth rate.
                                                                                                                                 Who we report to
We considered the valuation of the investment in Togo a key audit
matter because of the uncertainty involved in the estimation                                                                     This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might
process and the significant judgements Togo’s management make                                                                    state those matters which we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest
in determining the future cash flows. Changes in the assumptions                                                                 extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company’s
applied as part of the estimation process can lead to significant                                                                shareholders, as a body, for our audit work, for this report or for the opinions we have formed.
changes in the value in use of the investment.
                                                                                                                                 The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lisa Crooke.
No impairment was identified in the carrying value of the
investment, as detailed in note 17.
                                                                                                                                 For and on behalf of:




                                                                                                                                 Chartered Accountants                                                                                                  Auckland

                                                                                                                                 26 August 2019




                                                                                                                                    PricewaterhouseCoopers, 188 Quay Street, Private Bag 92162, Auckland 1142, New Zealand
                                                                                                                                    T: +64 9 355 8000, F: +64 9 355 8001, pwc.co.nz

124   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                             125
Corporate governance                                                                                                                  Corporate governance (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2019                                                                                                       For the year ended 30 June 2019


                                                                                                                                      Principle 1 – Ethical behaviour (continued)


Tourism Holdings Limited (‘thl’) operates under a set of corporate governance principles designed to ensure that thl is               Trading is permitted outside the blackout periods, provided the restricted person confirms that they do not hold any material
effectively managed. The Board is committed to the continued development of thl’s corporate governance practices by                   information and that they are not aware of any reason that would prohibit them from trading. Any trading must be completed
review and develop its corporate governance policies and monitor developments to keep abreast of corporate governance                 within 10 trading days of approval being given. Restricted persons are defined in the policy as:
best practice.
                                                                                                                                      • all Directors;
thl’s corporate governance framework includes:
                                                                                                                                      • the Chief Executive Officer (CEO);
• The constitution of thl, which describes the ‘rules’ under which the company operates, including issue and other share
  transactions, distributions, shareholder meetings, director appointment, remuneration and powers, and the conduct of                • all members of the senior management team and their direct reports;
  Board and shareholder meetings.
                                                                                                                                      • the administrative staff of the senior management team;
• The Board Charter and subcommittee charters, which set out the roles and responsibilities of the Directors.
                                                                                                                                      • all employees in the finance department;
• The Code of Ethics, which outlines the standards of ethical behaviour expected of Directors, staff and contractors.
                                                                                                                                      • trusts and companies controlled by such persons;
• The Market Disclosure Policy, which outlines the policy around disclosure of company information, including the
  commitment to compliance with continuous disclosure requirements.                                                                   • anyone notified by the CFO from time to time; and

• The Securities Trading Policy, which outlines policy and guidelines around trading in thl securities by Directors,                  • anyone participating in the Long Term Incentive Scheme.
  officers and staff.
                                                                                                                                      The Securities Trading Policy was most recently updated on 31 May 2019 and is available at www.thlonline.com.
• The Diversity Policy, which outlines the commitment to diversity in Board, Executive and Staff appointments.

• The Delegated Authority Policy, which outlines the delegation of authority by the Board to management, and the
  authorisation levels at which Board approval is required.                                                                           Principle 2 – Board composition and performance
thl’s governance practices have been reviewed against the recommendations of the NZX Corporate Governance Code
2019 (‘Code’). The Board considers that the thl governance framework and practices for the year ended 30 June 2019                    “To ensure an effective Board, there should be a balance of independents, skills, knowledge, experience and perspectives.”
are in compliance with the recommendations of the Code, except as stated within this report. The information in this
Governance Report is current as at 30 June 2019 and has been approved by the thl Board.                                               Board skills and expertise
                                                                                                                                      thl ’s Board is comprised of Directors who have a mix of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity to adequately meet and
thl’s corporate governance policies and charters are available on its website at www.thlonline.com.                                   discharge its responsibilities and to add value to the company through efficient and effective governance and leadership.
                                                                                                                                      The current Directors have a varied and balanced mix of skills, including extensive operational experience, knowledge of the
                                                                                                                                      tourism industry, as well as extensive experience in capital markets, growth and global transactions.

Principle 1 – Ethical behaviour                                                                                                       Below is a summary of the key skills and expertise held by the Board, which are considered most relevant to effectively
                                                                                                                                      fulfilling the Board’s current objectives:

“Directors should set high standards of ethical behaviour, model this behaviour and hold management accountable                       • Corporate governance experience, including publicly listed company experience;
for these standards being following throughout the organisation.”
                                                                                                                                      • Global business experience in multi-site operations;
thl is committed to being a good corporate citizen. The Company expects Directors, employees and contractors to practise
high ethical standards in the performance of their duties, to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, co-operate with        • Tourism industry experience and a deep understanding of the operational aspects of the company;
all regulatory bodies and government agencies, and use Company assets and resources only for the legitimate and ethical
achievement of its objectives.                                                                                                        • Experience in development and execution of growth strategies;

thl’s has adopted a Code of Ethics to ensure it maintains such high ethical standards and reinforces thl’s commitment to the          • Experience with digital innovation;
community. The Code of Ethics addresses the areas of ethical business practices, insider trading, conflicts of interest and use
of Company property, amongst other matters. The Code of Ethics was most recently updated on 31 May 2019 and is available              • Sustained positive people leadership;
at www.thlonline.com.
                                                                                                                                      • Community and Iwi engagement;
Securities Trading Policy
                                                                                                                                      • Focus on deployment and management of capital for a strong return on funds employed;
thl has in place a formal Securities Trading Policy and guidelines which applies to all Directors, officers and employees of thl
and its subsidiaries who intend to trade in thl listed securities.                                                                    • Capital markets and M&A transaction experience;

 All individuals defined as “restricted persons” under that policy must notify thl of their intention to trade and obtain approval    • Legal and regulatory expertise;
from the Board before trading in thl’s shares. No trading in shares is permitted in ‘blackout periods’ from 1 June each year until
48 hours after the release of the full year results and from 1 December each year until 48 hours after the release of the half year   • Financial governance and audit oversight;
results, except in exceptional circumstances.
                                                                                                                                      • Health and safety governance and management experience;

                                                                                                                                      • RV rental and sales experience and expertise;

                                                                                                                                      • Global tourism trade sales expertise;




126   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                              127
Corporate governance (continued)                                                                                                      Corporate governance (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2019                                                                                                       For the year ended 30 June 2019


Principle 2 – Board composition and performance (continued)                                                                           Principle 2 – Board composition and performance (continued)


• Treasury and funding expertise;                                                                                                     Board Diversity Policy
                                                                                                                                      The thl Diversity Policy endorses and supports diversity in Board, Executive and staff appointments, encompassing differences
• Economics - global and local New Zealand expertise;
                                                                                                                                      including but not limited to gender, ethnicity, race, marital status, sexual orientation, age, employment status, religious belief,
• International business leadership and CEO experience; and                                                                           ethical belief or political opinion. When making appointments, the Board and management is committed to considering
                                                                                                                                      diversity as well as the mix of skills and experience needed to expand the perspective and capability of the Board and the
• Sustainability.                                                                                                                     management team as a whole.

Individual Director profiles are set out on page 142.                                                                                 The thl Diversity Policy was most recently updated on 31 May 2019 and is available at www.thlonline.com. It requires the Board
                                                                                                                                      to consider the diversity position of thl annually and whether to set any measurable objectives, which may be numerical and
Roles and responsibilities of the Board                                                                                               non-numerical.
The Board is committed to managing thl in an ethical and professional manner, and in the best interests of the company
                                                                                                                                      The Board has not yet set measurable objectives in respect of diversity, but intends to set these objectives in 2019 and to report
and its shareholders. Specific responsibilities of the Board, as set out in the Board Charter, include the following:
                                                                                                                                      on thl ’s progress against those objectives in future.
• Oversight of thl, including its control and accountability procedures and systems;
                                                                                                                                      The Board considers that it currently has the appropriate mix of skills, experience and diversity to fulfill its responsibilities under
                                                                                                                                      the NZX Listing Rules and the thl Diversity Policy.
• Appointment, performance and removal of the Chief Executive Officer;

• Confirmation of the appointment and removal of the senior executive group (being the direct reports to the
  Chief Executive Officer);
                                                                                                                                      Principle 3 – Board committees
• Setting the remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, approval of the remuneration
  of the senior executive group, and the adoption of thl ’s remuneration policy;
                                                                                                                                      “The Board should use committees where this will enhance its effectiveness in key areas, while still retaining board
• Overseeing the development, adoption and communication of the corporate strategy and objectives and oversight                       responsibility.”
  of the adequacy of thl ’s resources required to achieve the strategic objectives;
                                                                                                                                      There are five standing committees described below, each of which operates under a written charter. The performance of the
• Approval of and monitoring of actual results against the annual business plan and budget (including the capital                     standing committees is reviewed annually against the charters.
  expenditure plan);
                                                                                                                                      Each Committee is authorised to deal with matters as set out in its charter or falling within its mandate. Where the Board has
• Review and ratification of thl ’s risk management framework, internal compliance and control, codes of conduct,                     delegated decision-making authority to a Committee, that Committee is entitled to make decisions on such matters, otherwise
  and legal compliance;                                                                                                               the Committee is to submit recommendations to the Board for consideration. From time to time, the Board delegates specific
                                                                                                                                      matters to the appropriate Committee in order to ensure that a detailed review and analysis is undertaken. The Committee then
• Approval and monitoring of the progress of capital expenditures, capital management initiatives, and acquisitions                   reports back to the Board regarding their findings and recommendations.
  and divestments;
                                                                                                                                      The Audit Committee
• Overseeing accounting and reporting systems and thl ’s compliance with its continuous disclosure obligations;
                                                                                                                                      The Audit Committee is comprised solely of non-executive directors of the Board, a majority of whom must be independent
• Approval of the annual and half-year financial statements;                                                                          directors.

• Setting measurable objectives for achieving diversity with the organisation; and                                                    The Committee meets a minimum of three times each year. The Audit Committee has oversight of, and assists the Board to
                                                                                                                                      fulfil its responsibilities in the areas of financial reporting, audit functions, and risk management and control.
• Adopting and reviewing thl ’s risk management framework.
                                                                                                                                      The Audit Committee oversees thl’s internal audit work programme based on thl’s risk management framework. An internal
Board performance evaluation and training                                                                                             audit work plan is developed each year, with internal audit assignments completed by EY, supplemented with review work
                                                                                                                                      completed by the internal finance function. The business has a separate health and safety function, with regular reporting to
On an annual basis the Chairman conducts a review of Board performance. A review using an independent external facilitator            Board and management.
is conducted bi-annually. Board committees review performance against their Charters on an annual basis. The Remuneration
& Nomination Committee is responsible for ensuring Directors remain up to date with relevant training.                                The current composition of the Audit Committee is Graeme Wong (Chairman), Debbie Birch, Rob Campbell, Cathy Quinn,
                                                                                                                                      Gráinne Troute, and Rob Hamilton.
Director appointment
The policy for appointment and retirement of Directors is contained within thl ’s constitution and Board Charter. In accordance       Also in attendance by invitation are Kay Howe, Grant Webster (Chief Executive Officer) and Jennifer Bunbury (Chief Financial
with the NZX Listing Rules, directors must not hold office (without re-election) past the third Annual Meeting following their        Officer).
appointment or 3 years, whichever is longer.
                                                                                                                                      Remuneration & Nomination Committee
Kay Howe shall retire by rotation at the 2019 Annual Meeting and, being eligible, will offer herself for re-election. Additionally,   The Remuneration & Nomination Committee is comprised of at least three non-executive directors of the Board, a majority
having been appointed by the Board since the 2018 Annual Meeting, each of Rob Hamilton and Guorong Qian shall retire at the           of whom must be independent directors.
2019 Annual Meeting and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election. Graeme Wong will retire at the Annual Meeting in
October 2019.                                                                                                                         The Committee meets a minimum of two times each year. The Remuneration & Nomination Committee supports the Board
                                                                                                                                      on matters relating to human resources and remuneration. It assesses the role and responsibilities, composition, training and
Director independence                                                                                                                 membership requirements and remuneration for the Board, including recommendations for the appointment and removal
The criteria to determine whether directors are independent is set out in the Board Charter. All the Directors holding office on      of directors.
30 June 2019, with the exception of Kay Howe, are considered to be independent. Directors are required to inform the Board of
any relevant information that may impact independence. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee Charter reviews the                  The current composition of the Remuneration & Nomination Committee is Gráinne Troute (Chair), Rob Campbell, Kay Howe
independence of directors on behalf of the Board.                                                                                     and Graeme Wong. Also in attendance by invitation are Debbie Birch, Cathy Quinn, Rob Hamilton and Grant Webster (Chief
                                                                                                                                      Executive Officer).




128   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     129
Corporate governance (continued)                                                                                                       Corporate governance (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2019                                                                                                        For the year ended 30 June 2019


Principle 3 – Board committees (continued)                                                                                             Principle 5 – Remuneration


Market Disclosure Committee                                                                                                            “The remuneration of directors and executives should be transparent, fair and reasonable.”
The Market Disclosure Committee is comprised of the Board Chairman, the Chair of the Audit Committee and Cathy Quinn.
                                                                                                                                       thl is committed to a fair approach to remuneration which ensures alignment between remuneration levels and business
Also in attendance are Grant Webster (Chief Executive Officer) and Jennifer Bunbury (Chief Financial Officer). The Committee
                                                                                                                                       needs. A clear set of boundaries and process to guide thl’s philosophy for remuneration has been set by the Remuneration
monitors compliance with the Group’s Market Disclosure Policy which covers compliance with NZX Listing Rules, the
                                                                                                                                       & Nomination Committee in the thl Remuneration Policy.
Companies Act 1993, the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 and other guidelines issued by the Financial Markets Authority and
the NZX.                                                                                                                               The thl Remuneration Policy was most recently reviewed by the Remuneration & Nomination Committee on 31 May 2019
                                                                                                                                       and is available on thl’s website at www.thlonline.com.
The Committee meets if required outside of normal Board meetings to approve market disclosures.
                                                                                                                                       Director remuneration
Marketing & Customer Experience Committee
                                                                                                                                       The fees payable to Directors is set by the Board, usually with the advice of independent consultants, in line with the thl
The Marketing & Customer Experience Committee is comprised of at least two non-executive directors of the Board. The current
                                                                                                                                       Remuneration Policy. Director remuneration is to be appropriate to the market and reflect the time commitment and
composition of the Marketing & Customer Experience Committee is Kay Howe (Chair), Gráinne Troute and Rob Campbell.
                                                                                                                                       responsibilities of the role. As thl does not have any Executive Directors, its Director remuneration policy is applicable only
The Committee supports the Board and management on strategy around brand, marketing and customer experience. The
                                                                                                                                       to Non-Executive Directors.
Committee meets as required.
                                                                                                                                       The total fee pool approved by the shareholders for Director remuneration at the 2018 Annual Meeting is $750,000. The annual
Sustainability & Risk Committee
                                                                                                                                       fees currently paid to Directors (from 1 November 2018 onwards) is $175,000 for the Chairperson, $87,500 for each Director, plus
The Sustainability & Risk Committee is comprised of at least two non-executive directors of the Board. The current composition         $15,000 for the Chairperson of the Audit Committee and $10,000 for the Chairperson of each other Committee. Total directors’
of the Sustainability & Risk Committee is Cathy Quinn (Chair), Rob Campbell, Gráinne Troute and Debbie Birch. The Committee            remuneration received, or due and receivable during the year ending 30 June 2019 is set out in the director remuneration
supports the Board and management on sustainability policies and practices and strategic risk management. The Committee                note below.
meets as required.
                                                                                                                                       thl also has in place a fixed share plan under which Directors may elect to receive ordinary shares in thl in lieu of their director
Takeover protocols                                                                                                                     fees (either in whole or in part). This share plan was previously approved by thl shareholders.
thl has a written protocol that describes the process to be followed in the event of a takeover offer. The protocol includes the
                                                                                                                                       CEO and Executive remuneration
appointment of a subcommittee of independent directors.
                                                                                                                                       Decisions concerning the remuneration of the CEO require approval from the Board, unless specifically delegated to the
                                                                                                                                       Remuneration & Nomination Committee. Decisions concerning the remuneration of any other C-level positions, General
                                                                                                                                       Managers or similar require approval from the Chair of the Remuneration & Nomination Committee.
Principle 4 – Reporting and disclosure
                                                                                                                                       thl is committed to ensuring that its Executives are fairly and equitably remunerated, and appropriately rewarded for excellent
                                                                                                                                       performance and achievement. In addition, thl uses a remuneration structure to ensure that the interests of the CEO and
“The Board should demand integrity in financial and non-financial reporting, and in the timeliness and balance of                      Executive team are aligned with the interests of shareholders.
corporate disclosures.”
                                                                                                                                       The CEO and Executive remuneration generally consists of a fixed base salary and allowances, annual performance-based
The Board is committed to ensuring that shareholders and the market are provided with complete and timely information                  incentives and long-term equity-based incentives. The fixed base salary of the CEO and Executive team is reviewed once every
about the activities of the business to allow proper accountability between thl, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders.       two years and benchmarked against the median of the market.
The Board has overall responsibility for ensuring the integrity of thl’s reporting and disclosure.
                                                                                                                                       Annual performance-based incentives are linked to financial and individual targets. For the year ending 30 June 2019, the CEO
Continuous disclosure                                                                                                                  and CFO annual incentive is based 80% on Company financial performance (Net profit after tax, and Return on funds employed),
                                                                                                                                       and 20% on individual performance against specific targets. The annual incentives of other Executives are based
thl’s obligations under the NZX Listing Rules require it to advise the market about any material events promptly and without
                                                                                                                                       40% on Company financial performance and 40% on other financial targets, and 20% on individual performance against
delay once the Company becomes aware of such information. The Board has in place a Market Disclosure Policy in order to
                                                                                                                                       specific targets. Other senior staff have annual incentives based 60% on financial performance and 40% on individual
ensure that the Company is able to comply with its continuous disclosure obligations.
                                                                                                                                       performance against specific targets.
The Market Disclosure Policy contains a procedure for the escalation of potential material information to the Market Disclosure
                                                                                                                                       The thl long term incentive (LTI) scheme is designed to align the interests of the Executives with those of the shareholders.
Committee, in order to allow the Committee to determine whether the information is material and whether an announcement
                                                                                                                                       Executives are rewarded for long-term increases in shareholder value. Executives are invited to participate in the long term
is required. The Market Disclosure Policy is provided to all thl staff and is also available on www.thlonline.com. Additionally, thl
                                                                                                                                       incentive plan by the Board on an annual basis, and participating Executives are awarded share options at the discretion of the
provides training regarding its continuous disclosure obligations to all staff and monitors compliance on an ongoing basis.
                                                                                                                                       Board. The awarding of options is based on a percentage of fixed remuneration, based on a valuation of the options carried out
                                                                                                                                       each year by KPMG. Details of the schemes and the status of options issued under the schemes is included in note 33 to the
Financial reporting
                                                                                                                                       Financial Statements.
The Audit Committee is responsible to the thl Board in relation to financial reporting. It reviews the interim and annual financial
statements and reports to the Board regarding compliance with relevant laws and recognised accounting policies. It is also             Further detail regarding CEO remuneration for the year ended 30 June 2019 is set out in the CEO remuneration note below.
responsible for ensuring that thl retains accurate financial and accounting records, and that all financial reporting is done in an
accurate and timely manner.                                                                                                            Staff remuneration
                                                                                                                                       Decisions concerning remuneration of other thl staff require approval on a “one-up” basis. This means that no person may make
Non-financial reporting
                                                                                                                                       decisions on the remuneration of any person reporting to them without the approval of the person to whom they report.
thl has adopted the internationally recognised Integrated Reporting guidelines in order to ensure its disclosure of non-financial
reporting is balanced, transparent, connected to the financial, social and environmental performance, and easily comparable to         The number of thl staff which received remuneration exceeding $100,000 in the year ending 30 June 2019 is set out in the
other companies.                                                                                                                       employee remuneration section.




130   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       131
Corporate governance (continued)                                                                                                        Corporate governance (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2019                                                                                                         For the year ended 30 June 2019


Principle 6 – Risk management                                                                                                           Principle 7 – Auditors


“Directors should have a sound understanding of the material risks faced by the issuer and how to manage them.                          “The Board should ensure the quality and independence of the external audit process.”
The Board should regularly verify that the issuer has appropriate processes that identify and manage potential
and material risks.”                                                                                                                    The Audit Committee is responsible for recommending the appointment and removal of external auditors, ensuring their
                                                                                                                                        independence and regularly monitoring and reviewing both internal and external audit practices. The Committee closely
thl maintains a framework for the identification, assessment, monitoring and management of material risks to thl ’s business.           monitors thl’s relationship with the external auditor, including:
The thl Board has ultimate responsibility for reviewing thl ’s risk management framework, however the ongoing oversight is
delegated to the Sustainability & Risk Committee in respect of strategic risk management, and to the Audit Committee in respect         • Ensuring the rotation of the external auditor or lead partner and peer review partner at least every five years;
of financial risk management. The two Committees report to the Board and to each other in respect of potential issues or risks
that require further consideration and response.                                                                                        • Obtaining confirmation of the auditor’s independence in writing; and

Strategic risk management                                                                                                               • Monitoring and approving any other services provided by the external auditor to thl other than in its audit role, and
                                                                                                                                          monitoring total non-audit fees.
In the year ending 30 June 2019, the thl Board approved the formation of the Sustainability & Risk Committee. The objective of
the Committee is to consider, assess and respond to long-term strategic risks to thl ’s business, and to ensure that thl ’s maintains   The Audit Committee Charter sets out the types of services which the external auditor is prohibited from providing to thl
sustainable business practices. The thl Board considers that the sustainable business practices are fundamental to ensuring that        in order to ensure that their ability to provide audit services is not impaired and that they remain independent.
thl can continue to deliver value to its shareholders over the long-term.
                                                                                                                                        thl’s current external auditor is PwC New Zealand. PwC was re-appointed by shareholders at the 2018 Annual Meeting. In
Financial risk management                                                                                                               accordance with thl’s Board Charter, PwC New Zealand will attend the 2019 Annual Meeting and be available to answer
The Audit Committee is responsible for ensuring that thl appropriate control and systems in place to manage any financial risks         questions about the conduct of its audit and the preparation and content of its audit report.
and to protect thl ’s assets. This involves reviewing thl ’s risk management system, business policies and practices and internal
                                                                                                                                        thl has an internal audit function which is based on an annual plan prepared by management, reflecting thl’s risk management
control framework.
                                                                                                                                        framework. The Audit Committee receives and reviews reports from the internal audit team, and is responsible for ensuring that
The Committee is also responsible for ensuring that thl maintains up to date risk registers, business continuity and disaster           recommendations, actions and timelines for internal audits are agreed and undertaken with management.
recovery plans, and insurance coverage which ensures that earnings are well protected from potential adverse circumstances.

thl management maintains the material risk register and reports to the Board every second month on such risks. Management
monitors risks on an ongoing basis to identify any new risks as well as any potential changes to the threat posed to thl ’s business    Principle 8 – Shareholder rights and relations
from previously identified risks.

Further information regarding the material risks faced by thl ’s business and how these are being managed is set out in                 “The Board should respect the rights of shareholders and foster constructive relationships with shareholders that
the notes of the financial statements.                                                                                                  encourage them to engage with the issuer.”

Health and safety                                                                                                                       Access to information
The Sustainability & Risk Committee is responsible for monitoring matters relating to occupational health and safety, and               The Board aims to ensure that shareholders are able to access up-to-date information regarding thl’s business and ongoing
physical and mental well-being of thl staff, and report to the Board on such matters.                                                   developments in an easy-to-access format. thl makes available on its website a description of each of its businesses, historical
                                                                                                                                        interim and annual reports and other shareholder communications, and key corporate governance documents as required
The Committee works with management to identify and maintain a register of workplace hazards, and to ensure that thl has in             by the Code.
place and appropriately documents its health and safety policies and procedures.
                                                                                                                                        A brief biography of each of thl’s Directors and key members of the Executive team is available on thl’s website.
thl management report to the Board on any health and safety incidents, including implementation of responses to prevent
further incidents, on a monthly basis.                                                                                                  Annual Meetings
                                                                                                                                        The Board encourages all shareholders and stakeholders to attend its Annual Meetings. It aims for all Annual Meetings to be
                                                                                                                                        attended by all Directors as well as the CEO and the CFO, and to ensure that they are available for questions from shareholders.

                                                                                                                                        For shareholders that are unable to attend physically, a live-stream of the Annual Meeting is made available which includes the
                                                                                                                                        ability for shareholders to submit questions online. Minutes of each Annual Meeting are subsequently made available on the
                                                                                                                                        thl website.

                                                                                                                                        CITIC Placement
                                                                                                                                        On 24 June 2019, thl announced that it would be raising approximately $80 million via a $30 million placement to HB Holdings
                                                                                                                                        (a wholly-owned subsidiary of CITIC Capital International Tourism Fund) (the Placement) and a follow-on $50 million fully
                                                                                                                                        underwritten pro rata 1 for 9 rights offer, with a shortfall book build (the Rights Offer).

                                                                                                                                        The Placement was non-compliant with Recommendation 8.4 of the Code, which recommends that if issuers are seeking
                                                                                                                                        additional equity capital, they should offer further equity securities to existing shareholders on a pro rata basis, before further
                                                                                                                                        equity securities are offered to other investors.




132   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       133
Corporate governance (continued)                                                                                                   Corporate governance (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2019                                                                                                    For the year ended 30 June 2019


Principle 8 – Shareholder rights and relations (continued)                                                                         Table of board attendances


The thl Board is of the view that the Placement was an appropriate method to raise additional equity capital in these                                                                                                                            MARKETING
                                                                                                                                                                                                              REMUNERATION                      & CUSTOMER
circumstances, on the basis that:                                                                                                                                                                   AUDIT      & NOMINATION       DISCLOSURE    EXPERIENCE    SUSTAINABILITY &
                                                                                                                                                                                 BOARD          COMMITTEE         COMMITTEE        COMMITTEE     COMMITTEE    RISK COMMITTEE
                                                                                                                                   (FY2019 JULY 18 – JUNE 19)                  MEETINGS          MEETINGS*         MEETINGS         MEETINGS       MEETINGS        MEETINGS**
• there was a follow-on Rights Offer which allowed eligible shareholders to purchase additional thl ordinary shares at a price
  of $3.40 per new share;                                                                                                          Total number of
                                                                                                                                   meetings held                                     12                  3                5               2              2                  –
• eligible existing shareholders were provided with an opportunity to participate in the shortfall book build alongside
  institutional investors, therefore allowing them to mitigate the dilutive effect of the Placement;                               Rob Campbell                                      12                  3                5               2              2                  –

                                                                                                                                   Debbie Birch                                      12                  3                5                –             1                  –
• the issue price of $4.02 per share under Placement represented a 15.5% premium to the issue price of $3.40 per share under
  the Rights Offer.                                                                                                                Kay Howe                                          12                  2                5                –             2                  –

                                                                                                                                   Cathy Quinn                                       12                  3                5               2              -                  –
• the majority of the $80 million of new equity capital raised was via the Rights Offer.
                                                                                                                                   Gráinne Troute                                    10                  3                5                –             2                  –

                                                                                                                                   Graeme Wong                                       12                  3                5               2              1                  –

                                                                                                                                   Rob Hamilton***                                     5                 2                –                –             1                  –
Board composition
                                                                                                                                   * Includes Audit & Risk Committee meetings held during FY2019.
                                                                                                                                   ** The Sustainability & Risk Committee was formed on 31 May 2019.
thl’s constitution allows up to ten directors. As at 30 June 2019, the Board of Directors comprised seven directors, all of whom   *** Rob Hamilton joined the Board on 1 February 2019.
are non-executive directors.

DIRECTOR                          ROLES                                              DIRECTOR SINCE         INDEPENDENCE
                                                                                                                                   Director and Officer gender composition
Rob Campbell                       Chairman, Chair Market Disclosure Committee,      May 2013               Independent Director
                                   Member Audit Committee, Member
                                   Remuneration & Nomination Committee,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               2019                           2018
                                   Member Marketing & Customer Experience
                                   Committee, Member Sustainability & Risk                                                                                                                                             MALE           FEMALE          MALE            FEMALE
                                   Committee
                                                                                                                                   Directors                                                                         3 (43%)          4 (57%)       2 (33%)           4 (67%)
Debbie Birch                       Member Audit Committee,                           September 2016         Independent Director
                                   Member Sustainability & Risk Committee                                                          Officers                                                                         10 (71%)          4 (29%)      12 (80%)           3 (20%)

Kay Howe                           Chair Marketing & Customer Experience             October 2012           Non-independent
                                   Committee, Member Remuneration &                                         Director
                                   Nomination Committee                                                                            Directors’ remuneration
Cathy Quinn                        Chair Sustainability & Risk Committee,            September 2017         Independent Director
                                   Member Audit Committee,
                                   Member Market Disclosure Committee                                                              Directors’ remuneration received, or due and receivable during the year ending 30 June 2019 is as follows:
Gráinne Troute                     Chair Remuneration & Nomination Committee,        February 2015          Independent Director
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2018
                                   Member Audit Committee, Member Marketing                                                                                                                                                    2019

                                   & Customer Experience Committee, Member                                                                                                                                        DIRECTOR’S          OTHER      DIRECTOR’S          OTHER
                                                                                                                                   DIRECTORS OF TOURISM HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                FEES   REMUNERATION            FEES   REMUNERATION1
                                   Sustainability & Risk Committee
Graeme Wong                        Chair Audit Committee, Member Market              November 2007          Independent Director   R Campbell                                                                      166,667                 –      143,333                   –
                                   Disclosure Committee, Member Remuneration                                                       D Birch                                                                           83,333                –       71,667                   –
                                   & Nomination Committee
                                                                                                                                   C Domecq1                                                                              –                –       24,167                   –
Rob Hamilton                       Member Audit Committee                            February 2019          Independent Director
                                                                                                                                   K Howe                                                                            92,500                –       76,042                   –

                                                                                                                                   R Hamilton2                                                                       36,458                –             –                  –

                                                                                                                                   C Quinn3                                                                          84,167                –       60,833                   –

                                                                                                                                   G Troute                                                                          92,500                –       79,167                   –

                                                                                                                                   G Wong                                                                            96,667                –       81,667                   –

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   652,292                 –      536,876                   –

                                                                                                                                   1   C Domecq resigned as a Director with effect from 1 November 2017.
                                                                                                                                   2   R Hamilton was appointed as a Director with effect from 1 February 2019.
                                                                                                                                   3   C Quinn was appointed as a Director with effect from 7 September 2017.

                                                                                                                                   Each of Rob Campbell, Debbie Birch, Cathy Quinn & Graeme Wong were issued, or are to be issued, ordinary shares in thl as part
                                                                                                                                   of their director remuneration. Refer to the section titled “Directors’ share dealings”.




134   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    135
Corporate governance (continued)                                                                                                       Corporate governance (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2019                                                                                                        For the year ended 30 June 2019


CEO remuneration                                                                                                                       Employee remuneration


Fixed remuneration                                                                                                                     The number of employees in the Group or former employees (not including Directors) whose remuneration that was paid
                                                                                                                                       in the 2019 financial year (including severance pay) was within the specified bands is as follows:
In 2019 the CEO, Grant Webster, received fixed remuneration including allowances of $578,000 (2018: $578,000).

Short term incentive                                                                                                                    REMUNERATION        NUMBER OF
                                                                                                                                             IN $000’s      EMPLOYEES
The annual short term incentive of the CEO is set at 40% of fixed remuneration and allowances if all financial performance
                                                                                                                                         100   –   109             15
targets are achieved. In addition, a further incentive of up to 28% (2018: 28%) of fixed remuneration and allowances is payable for
the over-achievement of financial and broader business performance targets. In relation to the 2019 financial year, $95,000 (2018:       110   –   119              6
$393,000) is to be paid for CEO annual performance incentive. The performance incentive will be paid in the 2020 financial year.         120   –   129             11
                                                                                                                                         130   –   139             17
Long term incentive
                                                                                                                                         140   –   149              3
In 2019 the CEO was granted 425,000 share options under the 2017 Long Term Incentive Scheme valued at $0.398, giving a total
                                                                                                                                         150   –   159              1
value of $169,150. In 2018 the CEO was granted 240,000 share options under the 2017 Long Term Incentive Scheme valued at
$0.624, giving a total value of $149,760.                                                                                                160   –   169              7
                                                                                                                                         170   –   179              1
Under both the 2017 and 2009 long term incentive schemes, the share rights vest from the second anniversary of the issue, with           190   –   199              1
one third vesting after the second year, one third after the third year, and the final third after the fourth year. In 2019, 233,333
                                                                                                                                         200   –   209              4
redeemable ordinary shares vested under the 2009 long term incentive plan, and 80,000 options vested under the 2017 long
term incentive plan.                                                                                                                     210   –   219              1
                                                                                                                                         220   –   229              1
Superannuation
                                                                                                                                         230   –   239              3
The CEO is a participant in Kiwisaver, and is eligible to receive an employer contribution of 3% of gross taxable earnings. In 2019      240   –   249              1
this contribution was $33,573 (2018: $30,099).
                                                                                                                                         250   –   259              3
Total remuneration                                                                                                                       260   –   269              3

The total remuneration of the CEO was as follows:                                                                                        270   –   279              1
                                                                                                                                         280   –   289              1
                                                                                                                2019            2018     300   –   309              1

Base salary                                                                                               $578,000        $578,000       330   –   339              1
                                                                                                                                         390   –   399              1
Short term incentive                                                                                       $95,000        $393,000
                                                                                                                                         460   –   469              1
Long term incentive                                                                                       $169,150        $149,760
                                                                                                                                         500   –   509              1
Total                                                                                                     $842,150        $1,120.760
                                                                                                                                         540   –   549              1
                                                                                                                                         640   –   649              1
                                                                                                                                       1,220   – 1,229              1
                                                                                                                                                   Total           88




                                                                                                                                       Substantial product holders

                                                                                                                                       The following information is provided in compliance with section 293 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 and records
                                                                                                                                       Substantial Product Holder notices received in the period up to 30 June 2019.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   NUMBER OF ORDINARY SHARES IN WHICH
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         A RELEVANT INTEREST WAS HELD

                                                                                                                                       HB Holdings Limited                                                                                22,310,496        16.897%




136   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                             137
Corporate governance (continued)                                                                                                                 Corporate governance (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2019                                                                                                                  For the year ended 30 June 2019


Spread of shareholders                                                                                                                           Directors’ shareholdings


Spread of shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED, HELD       HELD BY ASSOCIATED PERSONS
The ordinary shares of Tourism Holdings Limited are listed on the NZX Main Board.                                                                                                                                        SOLELY OR AS A JOINT HOLDER      (INCLUDING FAMILY INTERESTS)

                                                                                                                                                 AT 30 JUNE 2019                                                              2019              2018            2019              2018
As at 30 June 2019 the total number of voting securities on issue was 132,035,883.
                                                                                                                                                 R Campbell                                                                     –                –         723,129           675,513
                                                                                               NUMBER OF        NUMBER OF           % OF TOTAL
SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS                                                                            HOLDERS       SHARES HELD      ISSUED SHARES    D Birch                                                                    8,728             3,504              –                 –

1 - 1,000                                                                                           1,847        1,079,076             0.82%     K Howe                                                                 2,666,550        2,666,550       3,302,390         3,237,289

1,001 - 5,000                                                                                       3,811       10,202,111             7.73%     C Quinn                                                                    1,978                –          25,719                 –

5,001 - 10,000                                                                                      1,186        8,784,785             6.65%     G Troute                                                                  83,939           82,204               –                 –

10,001 - 50,000                                                                                       816       16,171,754            12.25%     G Wong                                                                   163,300          150,141               –                 –

50,001 - 100,000                                                                                       68        5,045,152             3.82%                                                                            2,924,495        2,902,399       4,051,238         3,912,802

100,001 and over                                                                                       57       90,753,005            68.73%

                                                                                                    7,785     132,035,883             100.0%
                                                                                                                                                 Directors’ share dealings
The above shows the spread of shareholders as at 30 June 2019. The shareholding of New Zealand Central Securities Depository
Limited (NZCSD) has been reallocated to the applicable members of NZCSD.                                                                         Details of the Directors’ acquisitions and disposals of relevant interests in the ordinary equity securities issued by the Company
                                                                                                                                                 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                 Tutanekai Investments Limited (an entity beneficially associated with Rob Campbell), was issued with 6,880 ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                                 in the Company on 1 October 2018 at $5.45 per share as part of Rob Campbell’s director remuneration for the six months
Twenty largest shareholders
                                                                                                                                                 ended 30 September 2018, and 8,953 ordinary shares in the Company on 1 April 2019 at $4.77 per share as part of his director
                                                                                                                                                 remuneration for the six months ended 31 March 2019. In addition, Tutanekai Investments Limited was issued with 16,827
                                                                                                                                                 ordinary shares in the Company on 11 October 2018 at $5.283 per share and 14,956 ordinary shares in the Company on 16 April
AS AT 30 JUNE 2019                                                                                               NUMBER OF ORDINARY SHARES       2019 at $4.926 per share as part of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan.

  1   HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited                                                                         28,093,913          21.28%     Debbie Birch was issued with 2,270 ordinary shares in the Company on 1 October 2018 at $5.45 per share as part of her director
  2   Forsyth Barr Custodians Ltd                                                                                 15,161,901          11.48%     remuneration for the six months ended 30 September 2018, and 2,954 ordinary shares in the Company on 1 April 2019 at $4.77
                                                                                                                                                 per share as part of her director remuneration for the six months ended 31 March 2019.
  3   Custodial Services Limited                                                                                   9,383,549           7.11%

  4 Citibank Nominees (NZ) Ltd                                                                                     4,938,141           3.74%     Gráinne Troute was issued with 1,735 ordinary shares in the Company on 16 April 2019 at $4.926 per share as part of the Dividend
                                                                                                                                                 Reinvestment Plan.
  5   Accident Compensation Corporation                                                                            4,531,735           3.43%

  6   JPMORGAN Chase Bank                                                                                          2,839,670           2.15%     Graeme Wong was issued with 2,573 ordinary shares in the Company on 1 October 2018 at $5.45 per share as part of his director
                                                                                                                                                 remuneration for the six months ended 30 September 2018, and 3,444 ordinary shares in the Company on 1 April 2019 at $4.77
  7   Kay Joceyln Howe                                                                                             2,666,550           2.02%
                                                                                                                                                 per share as part of his director remuneration for the six months ended 31 March 2019. In addition, Graeme Wong was issued
  8 FNZ Custodians Limited                                                                                         2,272,254           1.72%     with 3,765 ordinary shares in the Company on 11 October 2018 at $5.283 per share and 3,377 ordinary shares in the Company on
                                                                                                                                                 16 April 2019 at $4.926 per share as part of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan.
  9   Grant Gareth Webster & Stephen David Webster1                                                                2,000,667           1.52%

10    New Zealand Depository Nominee Limited                                                                       1,433,598           1.09%     Cathy Quinn was issued with 1,892 ordinary shares in the Company on 1 October 2018 at $5.45 per share as part of her director
                                                                                                                                                 remuneration for the six months ended 30 September 2018, and 2,954 ordinary shares in the Company on 1 April 2019 at $4.77
11    Dean Neil Edgerton & Nicole Tonnile Edgerton & William Desmond Edgerton                                      1,279,603           0.97%
                                                                                                                                                 per share as part of her director remuneration for the six months ended 31 March 2019. Cathy Quinn was also issued with 46
12    JBWERE (NZ) Nominees Limited                                                                                 1,276,799           0.97%     ordinary shares in the Company on 11 October 2018 at $5.283 per share and 685 ordinary shares in the Company at $4.926 per
13    Glenn Laurance Howe & Tony Laurance Howe                                                                     1,224,410           0.93%     share on 16 April 2019 as part of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan. In addition, Cathy Quinn purchased 22,120 ordinary shares in
                                                                                                                                                 the Company via a non-market purchase at $4.71 per share.
14    Premiere Nominees Limited                                                                                    1,185,332           0.90%

15    Alpine Bird (New Zealand) Limited                                                                            1,114,720           0.84%

16    Tea Custodians Limited                                                                                       1,113,056           0.84%

17    Moon Chul Choi & Keum Sook Choi                                                                              1,082,000           0.82%

18    Ja Hong Koo & Pyung Keum Koo                                                                                   950,000           0.72%

19    Cogent Nominees Limited                                                                                        806,873           0.61%

20 Bnp Paribas Nominees NZ Limited                                                                                   637,367           0.48%

                                                                                                                  83,992,138          63.62%

(1) Represents shares legally owned by Grant Gareth Webster and Stephen David Webster as trustees of the Denika Family Trust.




138   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            139
Corporate governance (continued)                                                                                                      Corporate governance (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2019                                                                                                       For the year ended 30 June 2019


General notice of Directors’ interest                                                                                                 Directors’ insurance


In addition to the share dealings described above, the following entries were made in the Directors’ interests register during        The Group has arranged insurance cover and provided deeds of indemnity for Directors’ and Officers’ liability.
the year:

R Campbell               General notice of interest as a member of the “Capital Markets 2029” Steering Committee.
                                                                                                                                      Auditors
D Birch                  General notice of interest as a director of NZ Venture Investment Fund Limited, director of
                         Raukawa ki te Tonga AHC Limited, and a member of the Sustainable Finance Forum Leaders Group.
                                                                                                                                      In accordance with section 207T of the Companies Act 1993, PricewaterhouseCoopers are appointed as the Group’s auditors.
K Howe                   Nil.
                                                                                                                                      Auditors’ remuneration is detailed in the notes to the financial statements.
C Quinn                  General notice of interest as a director of Rangatira Limited.
G Troute                 General notice of interest as a director of Investore Property Limited.
G Wong                   General notice of interest as a director of SCP Health Limited and Healthcare Group NZ Limited.              Subsidiary companies
R Hamilton               General notice of interest as Chief Financial Officer of SkyCity Entertainment Group Limited.
                                                                                                                                      During the financial year ending 30 June 2019, the directors of thl ’s subsidiary companies are as follows:

Rob Campbell is Chair of SkyCity Entertainment Group Limited, Summerset Group Holdings Limited, King Tide Asset
Management Limited, Tutanekai Investments Limited and WEL Networks Limited and is a director of Precinct Properties                   THL Motorhomes Limited               Grant Webster and Mark Davis (ceased to be a director in October 2018)
New Zealand Limited, Serica Credit Fund and THL Corporate Trustee Limited.                                                            THL Motorhomes UK Limited            Grant Webster and Daniel Schneider
Debbie Birch is a director of Ngati Awa Group Holdings Limited, Ruapehu Alpine Lifts Limited, NZ Venture Investment                   Waitomo Caves Limited                Grant Webster and Mark Davis (ceased to be a director in October 2018)
Fund Limited, Taupo Moana Group Limited, Te Puia Tapapa GP Limited, Tuwharetoa Hau Rau GP Limited and White Island
Tours Limited.                                                                                                                        Waitomo Caves Holdings Limited       Grant Webster and Mark Davis (ceased to be a director in October 2018)

Kay Howe is a director of Enki Enterprises Limited, Hauraki Farm Investments Limited, Koda Property Holdings Limited,                 GeoZone Limited                      Grant Webster
Stage Holdings Limited and THL Corporate Trustee Limited.
                                                                                                                                      THL Corporate Trustee Limited        Rob Campbell, Kay Howe
Cathy Quinn is a director of Fletcher Building Limited, Fletcher Building Industries Limited, Rangatira Limited and a partner         Road Bear NZ Limited                 Grant Webster, Hannes Rosskopf and Tucker Schork
at MinterEllisonRuddWatts.
                                                                                                                                      Maui Rentals Pty Limited             Grant Webster, Mark Davis (ceased to be a director in October 2018), and
Gráinne Troute is a director of Evolve Education Group Limited, Investore Property Limited and Summerset Group Holdings                                                    Catherine Meldrum
Limited.
                                                                                                                                      The Green Bus Company Pty            Grant Webster, Mark Davis (ceased to be a director in October 2018) and
Graeme Wong is chairman of Harbour Asset Management Limited and a director of the following companies: Aerograph                      Limited                              Catherine Meldrum
Limited, Clyde Court Limited, CMT Industries Limited, Glaisnock Limited, Henry Wong Limited, Jaguar Nominees Limited,                 THL Oz Pty Limited                   Grant Webster, Mark Davis (ceased to be a director in October 2018) and
Kaihiku Rural Properties Limited, Mt Acernus Holdings Limited, Paretai Dairy Farm Limited, Precinct Properties New Zealand                                                 Catherine Meldrum
Limited, Radius Lint Limited, Silver Earth Nominees Limited, Southern Capital Partners (NZ) Limited, Totara Island Farms              Tourism Holdings Rental Vehicles     Grant Webster, Mark Davis (ceased to be a director in October 2018) and
Limited and Wong & Company Supermarket Limited.                                                                                       Pty Limited                          Catherine Meldrum
Rob Hamilton is Chief Financial Officer of SkyCity Entertainment Group Limited.                                                       World Travel Headquarters Pty        Grant Webster, Mark Davis (ceased to be a director in October 2018) and
                                                                                                                                      Limited                              Catherine Meldrum
                                                                                                                                      Tourism Holdings Australia Pty       Robert Campbell, Grant Webster, Mark Davis (ceased to be a director in October 2018) and
                                                                                                                                      Limited                              Catherine Meldrum
NZX Waivers
                                                                                                                                      THL Group (Australia) Pty Limited    Grant Webster, Mark Davis (ceased to be a director in October 2018) and
                                                                                                                                                                           Catherine Meldrum
On 27 February 2017 thl obtained a waiver from NZXR from Rule 8.1.7 (which ensures that options may not be subsequently               El Monte Rents Inc                   Grant Webster, Hannes Rosskopf, Tucker Schork (ceased to be a director in November 2018)
amended by an issuer in a manner that is detrimental to the interests of the holders of the underlying Equity Securities). The                                             and Gordon Hewston (commenced as a director in November 2018)
waiver was granted to the extent that the Rule would otherwise prevent the issue of options under thl ’s long term incentive          JJ Motorcars Inc                     Grant Webster, Hannes Rosskopf and Tucker Schork
scheme for senior executives, introduced in 2017. The ruling allows for a formula to be used for the exercise price of the options,
that will result in a fluctuating exercise price.                                                                                     Tourism Holdings USA Inc             Grant Webster, Hannes Rosskopf (ceased to be a director in November 2018) and
                                                                                                                                                                           Tucker Schork (ceased to be a director in November 2018)
On 22 May 2019 thl obtained a waiver from NZXR from Listing Rule 6.5.2 under the revised NZX Listing Rules. This waiver
re-documented the existing waiver received on 27 February 2017 in respect of Rule 8.1.7 under the former NZX Listing Rules.




Directors’ loans

There were no loans by the Group to Directors.




140 thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                             141
Board of directors
                                                                                                                                       Corporate information

Rob Campbell - Chairman (Auckland)
Independent Director appointed in May 2013. Appointed Chairman of thl in August 2013 and Chair of Market Disclosure
Committee in April 2014. Rob has over 30 years experience in investment management and corporate governance. Currently
Chair of SkyCity Entertainment Group Limited, Summerset Group Holdings Limited (NZ) and WEL Networks, and a director of
Precinct Properties. Rob trained as an economist and has worked in a variety of capital market advisory and governance roles
over a long period.                                                                                                                    Directors                                    Share register
                                                                                                                                       Rob Campbell                                 Tourism Holdings Limited shares are listed
Debbie Birch (Wellington)                                                                                                              Debbie Birch                                 on the New Zealand Stock Exchange (NZX)
                                                                                                                                       Rob Hamilton
Independent Director appointed in September 2016. Debbie has held various director and trustee positions for the last 8 years
                                                                                                                                       Kay Howe                                     Share registrar
and is currently Chair of Taupo Moana Investments Limited. She is a board member of Ruapehu Alpine Lifts Limited, NZ Venture           Guorong Qian
Investment Fund Limited, White Island Tours Limited, Ngati Awa Group Holdings Limited, Raukawa ki te Tonga AHC Limited,                                                             Link Market Services Limited
                                                                                                                                       Cathy Quinn
                                                                                                                                                                                    PO Box 91976
LGNZ Independent Assessment Board, Te Pūia Tāpapa GP Limited and a Trustee of Wellington Free Ambulance and a Member                   Gráinne Troute
                                                                                                                                                                                    Auckland
of the Sustainable Finance Forum Leaders Group. She has significant financial, commercial and strategic experience gained in           Graeme Wong
                                                                                                                                                                                    Tel: +64 9 375 5998
Asia, Australia and New Zealand with more than 30 years working in global capital markets.                                                                                          Email: enquiries@linkmarketservices.co.nz
                                                                                                                                       Executives
Rob Hamilton (Auckland)                                                                                                                Grant Webster – Chief Executive Officer      Auditors
Independent Director appointed in February 2019. Rob is currently Chief Financial Officer at SkyCity Entertainment Group               Jennifer Bunbury – Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                                                                                                                    PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                                                                                                       Jo Allison – Chief Operating Officer
Limited and also oversees SkyCity’s International Business division and ICT function. Prior to his role at SkyCity, Rob served                                                      Auckland, New Zealand
as a Managing Director and the Head of Investment Banking at First NZ Capital. Rob is a respected member of the finance                Registered office
community, with more than 20 years’ experience in senior finance roles. Rob is also a Board of Trustees member for Auckland                                                         Solicitors
                                                                                                                                       Level 1
Grammar School and has previously been a Board member on the New Zealand Olympic Committee.                                                                                         MinterEllisonRuddWatts
                                                                                                                                       83 Beach Road
                                                                                                                                                                                    Auckland, New Zealand
                                                                                                                                       Auckland 1010
Kay Howe (Auckland)
                                                                                                                                       New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                                    Bankers
Non Independent Director appointed in October 2012. Appointed Chair of the Marketing and Customer Experience Committee
in December 2017. With a background in a variety of industries Kay entered into the tourism market in 1978 starting her first                                                       ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                    Australia and New Zealand Banking
motorhome rental business as a small family operation. An industry pioneer, Kay is experienced in the operational, financial,
                                                                                                                                                                                    Group Limited
sales and marketing of a rental motorhome business in New Zealand and has established strong industry relationships in many                                                         Westpac New Zealand Limited
European markets. Kay founded United Vehicle Rentals in 1994 which was sold to thl on the 31st October, 2012. Kay is a non                                                          Westpac Banking Corporation
independent director under the NZX listing rules due to being a director of an entity that was a substantial security holder in thl.                                                The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
                                                                                                                                                                                    Corporation Limited
Guorong Qian (CHINA)
Non-Independent Director appointed in July 2019. Guorong is currently Vice Chairman of CITIC Capital Holdings Limited,
a global investment management and advisory firm which employs over 320 staff through 7 offices in China, Japan and
the United States. Guorong has been with CITIC Capital in various roles since its founding. He previously worked in various
brokerage, asset management and investment roles.

Cathy Quinn, ONZM (Auckland)
Independent Director appointed September 2017. Appointed Chair of the Sustainability & Risk Committee in May 2019. Cathy
is currently a senior corporate partner at MinterEllisonRuddWatts; she served as the firm’s Chair for eight years and was also a
member of the Australasian MinterEllison Legal Group Executive Board for the period she chaired the firm. Cathy is a director
of Fletcher Building Limited, Fletcher Building Industries Limited and Rangatira Limited. She is also a member of the Board of
the NZ Treasury and chairs its Audit & Risk Committee. She is a former member of the NZ Securities Commission and Capital
Markets Development Taskforce. Cathy was made an Officer of the NZ Order of Merit in 2016 for services to law and women.

Gráinne Troute (Auckland)
Independent Director appointed in February 2015. Appointed Chair Remuneration & Nomination Committee in February 2015.
Gráinne is a director of NZX-listed companies Summerset Group Holdings Limited, Investore Property Limited and Evolve
Education Group. Her executive career included the roles of General Manager Corporate Services for SkyCity Entertainment
Group, Managing Director of McDonald’s Restaurants (New Zealand) Ltd, NZ Managing Director of HR consultancy Right
Management and HR lead for Coopers & Lybrand Auckland (now PwC). Gráinne also served for many years as a trustee and
chair in the not-for-profit sector, including having been Chair of Ronald McDonald House Charities NZ for five years.

Graeme Wong (Wellington)
Independent Director appointed in November 2007. Appointed Chairman of Audit Committee in February 2015. Background in
stock broking, capital markets and investment. Founded and became Executive Chairman of Southern Capital Limited which
listed on the NZX and evolved into Hirequip New Zealand Limited. The business was sold to private equity interests. Previous
directorships include New Zealand Farming Systems Uruguay Limited, Sealord Group Limited, Tasman Agriculture Limited,
Magnum Corporation Limited, and At Work Insurance; alternate director of Air New Zealand. Currently Chairman of Harbour
Asset Management Limited; Director of Areograph Limited, Precinct Properties New Zealand Limited and shareholder and
Director of Southern Capital Partners (NZ) Limited, which is active in advising and investing in cross border China transactions.
Member of the Trust Board of Samuel Marsden Collegiate School and Member of the Management Board of The Bible Society
Development (New Zealand) Incorporated.

                                                                                                                                          Outdoria Group

142   thl Integrated Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                                                                                          143
Notes




144 thl Integrated Annual Report 2019
IN T EGR AT E D
AN NUAL R E PO RT
201 9
