 Tourism Holdings Limited        Tel:   +64 9 336 4299
 The Beach House                 Fax:   +64 9 309 9269
 Level 1, 83 Beach Road          www.thlonline.com
 Auckland City
 PO Box 4293, Shortland Street
 Auckland 1140, New Zealand




28 August 2018


MEDIA | NZX RELEASE
TOURISM HOLDINGS LIMITED (thl)
FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE YEAR TO 30 JUNE 2018


“107% increase in NPAT, including one-off gain”

HIGHLIGHTS:
 Record NPAT result of $62.4M, up 107% on the prior corresponding period (pcp). Normalised for the
   one-off gains NPAT was $37.5M, up 24%.
 Revenue of $426M, up 25% on the pcp.
 Fully imputed final dividend of 14cps, bringing the full year dividend to 27cps (partially imputed) - up
   29% on the pcp.
 Net debt of $199M, versus $176M in the pcp.
 Return On Funds Employed (ROFE) of 18.1% (excluding El Monte and TH2).
 TH2 created - a digital joint venture business with Thor Industries.

thl today releases its results for the full year ending 30 June 2018. The result is yet another record
result for the company.

thl Chairman, Mr Rob Campbell, said, “this year we delivered another record result - a pre-one-off Net
Profit after Tax (NPAT) increase of 24%. The one-off gain of $24.3M, from the contribution of assets to
TH2, is recognition of value that was present in the business, but not recognised fully by the market;
however, we should also note it is a non-cash gain.”

“We are now embarking on a major step change. We are in the midst of reallocating financial and
intellectual capital to global growth. Our core values are unchanged and we respect our heritage, but
we are no longer simply a New Zealand story.”

“We intend making this transition while maintaining a positive income distribution policy, but the focus
is on global growth, which requires reinvestment, and there will be times of consolidation to create and
execute on the global platform. thl has substantive global opportunity in this context and this is the
next chapter in our story.”

“Dividends have increased again, with a year-end dividend of 14cps taking the total dividend to 27cps
for the full year. As with last year, the year-end dividend will be fully imputed. The average imputation
for the year was 76%.”

CEO, Mr Grant Webster, said, “in many ways this is a complex result with the one-off gains, USA tax
changes, the first full year of El Monte and exchange rate movement impacts. The EBIT improvement of
33% on the prior corresponding year represents a great growth rate; however, we still had

                                                                  Self drive        Design &             Guided
                                                                  Experiences       manufacturing        Experiences
                                                                  New Zealand       New Zealand          New Zealand
                                                                  Australia         Australia
                                                                  USA
                                                                  UK
opportunities and have an intense focus on addressing New Zealand vehicle sales shortfalls in the first
quarter of FY19.”

“The creation of TH2 would be the highlight of the year, given the potential of this business. We have
made the decision to invest in this business in FY19 to create an even better product and to develop the
market faster. We will invest around $15M NZD into the business (thl share).”

“The outlook for the FY19 result is difficult to determine, given the number of activities under way at
present. We will provide more guidance at the Annual Meeting in October.”

The Company has also released today, its second sustainability report - the first with some comparative
data and USA carbon calculations. Mr Webster said, “we are on a journey, improving every day. There
are several exciting projects detailed in the report including the electric RV trials, carbon reductions,
community engagement initiatives and more.”

The shareholder review, financial statements and a detailed investor presentation are all available on
the thl website.


ENDS


Authorised by:




Rob Campbell
Chairman, Tourism Holdings Limited

For further information contact:

Grant Webster
thl Chief Executive
Direct Dial: +64 9 336 4255
Mobile:      +64 21 449 210

About thl (www.thlonline.com)

thl is a global tourism operator. We are listed on the NZX and are the largest provider of RVs for rent and sale in Australia and
New Zealand, and the second largest in North America. In the USA we own and operate the Road Bear RV Rentals & Sales brand
and El Monte RV Rentals & Sales. thl is a 50:50 partner, along with Thor Industries Inc. - the largest RV manufacturer in North
America (a NYSE listed entity), in the joint venture company TH2 – TH2 is a global digital platform for the RV industry; it owns
and operates several brands including Roadtrippers, Mighway and CamperMate. In the UK, thl owns 49% of Just go Motorhomes.
Within New Zealand we operate Kiwi Experience and the Discover Waitomo group, which includes Waitomo Glowworm Caves,
Ruakuri Cave, Aranui Cave and The Legendary Black Water Rafting Co. thl is a joint venture partner in Action Manufacturing LP,
New Zealand’s largest motorhome and specialist vehicle manufacturer.




                                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2
