                                                           2023
                                                      Annual Report




2023 Annual Report
                     (Incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)
                     HK Stock Exchange Stock Code: 2099
                     Toronto Stock Exchange Stock Code: CGG
                                               COMPANY HIGHLIGHTS


THE COMPANY
Overview
China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. (“China Gold International” or “The Company”) and
its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) is a gold and base metal mining company
incorporated in British Columbia, Canada. The Company’s main business involves the operation,
acquisition, development and exploration of gold and base metal mineral properties. The Company’s
principal mining operations are the Chang Shan Hao Gold Mine (“CSH Gold Mine” or “CSH Mine”
or “CSH”), located in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, China and the Jiama Copper-Gold
Polymetallic Mine (“Jiama Mine” or “Jiama”), located in Tibet Autonomous Region, China. China
Gold International holds a 96.5% interest in the CSH Gold Mine, while its Chinese joint venture
(“CJV”) partner holds the remaining 3.5% interest. China Gold International began its trial gold
production at the CSH Gold Mine in July 2007 and commercial production commenced on July
1, 2008. The Company acquired 100% interest in the Jiama Mine on December 1, 2010. Jiama
hosts a large scale copper-gold polymetallic deposit consisting of copper, gold, molybdenum, silver,
lead and zinc. The Jiama Mine commenced the commercial production of phase I and phase II
in September 2010 and July 2018 respectively.

The Company is working to expand resources and reserves at its existing properties through
exploration programs. The Company also has adopted a growth strategy focused on strategic
acquisitions sourced from the international project pipeline of its principal shareholder China
National Gold Group Co., Ltd. (formerly known as China National Gold Group Corporation) (“China
National Gold”) and developing potential partnerships with other senior and junior mining companies.




                                                                       Annual Report 2023         1
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO




Dear shareholders and friends,

Thank you for your continued support to and interest in CGG. We hereby present to you our 2023 Annual Report.

In 2023, due to the suspension of production caused by the tailings overflow at the Guolanggou tailings pond of the Jiama
Copper-Gold Polymetallic Mine, the Company’s performance declined significantly year-on-year, with a total of 4.6 tonnes
of gold production and 20,000 tonnes of copper production, representing the first loss since 2020. The Company is in
a deep regret, and shall assume the responsibility and pressure in this regard. In 2023, the management of China Gold
International turned the responsibility to shareholders and the society into a driving force. On the premise of making every
effort to ensure that there is no casualties and environmental pollution caused by the overflow of the Guolanggou tailings
pond, the management completed the repair and reinforcement work at the Guolanggou Tailings Dam as planned. The
Phase I processing plant of the Jiama Mine has resumed production in 2023. Currently, the management team is making
every effort to promote the resumption of production of the Phase II processing plant, and accelerating the construction
of the Phase III tailings pond to achieve the long-term stability of high-standard operation at the Jiama Mine. In 2023,
we also successfully completed the slope management of the open pit at the CSH Gold Mine to ensure its safe and
stable operation. At the same time, on the basis of the breakthrough results achieved in respect of underground resource
exploration and reserve increase, the CSH Gold Mine is making every effort to promote the development of underground
resources, striving for a possible mine life extension of the CSH Gold Mine with new value added.

Despite the impact of the decline in performance, in 2023, the Company ensured a safe funding in the year and the
subsequent period in the future by optimising operations, cost control and expanding financing channels, in order to
achieve an adequate ability of risk resilience.

In 2024, we will make every effort to promote the stabilization and turnaround of China Gold International with unprecedented
courage, perseverance and determination, so as to repay the expectations and trust of shareholders!

Thank you again for your understanding and support!

Junhu Tong




2      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Junhu Tong
Mr. Tong, age 61, appointed as Chairman & CEO of the Company and re-designated from Non-executive Director of the
Company to Executive Director of the Company, effected October 27, 2022. He served as a Non-Executive Director of
the Company from June 2020 to October 2022. From October 2018 to December 2021, he served as a Vice President of
CNGHK. He currently serves as the General Manager of CNGHK since December 2021. From July 2009 through October
2018, Mr. Tong served in numerous senior executive roles with China National Gold.

Mr. Tong has had a long career in the mining industry spanning over 33 years, with extensive senior executive and board
experience. Mr. Tong currently serves as the Chairman of the Closed Joint-Stock Company Rudnik (“Zapadnava-Kluchi”)
since October 2018.

Mr. Tong has been a Fellow authorized by the Australasian Institute of Mining & Metallurgy since December 2013 up to
present. Mr. Tong holds a master’s degree in Mining Engineering from Beijing Science and Technology University and a
bachelor’s degree in Mining Engineering from Chongqing University.

Yuanhui Fu
Mr. Fu, aged 44, is a senior geologist and has over 19 years of experience in the mining industry. Since December 2021,
he has served as Chairman of Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co., Ltd. (“Tibet Huatailong”). From 2018 to 2021,
Mr. Fu served as Deputy Manager of the Mineral Resources & International Cooperation Department of CNG. From 2014 to
2018, Mr. Fu was Deputy Manager of CNG’s Resource Company Ltd. and Chairman of Aoyoute Mining Ltd., Wulantaolegai
Mining Ltd., Xingyuan Non-Ferrous Metal Ltd. and Daolundaba Copper Ltd.. Mr. Fu was the deputy manager of Tibet
Huatailong between 2012 and 2014. Before 2012, Mr. Fu also held a key role in Strategic Development Department in CNG.

Mr. Fu holds a master’s degree in geochemistry and a bachelor’s degree in Resource Exploration & Engineering from the
China University of Geosciences (Beijing).

Weibin Zhang
Mr. Zhang, age 60, joined Inner Mongolia Pacific Mining Co., Limited (“Inner Mongolia Pacific”) in March 2018 as
Chairman and General Manager. From October 2017 to March 2018, he served as Executive Director and General Manager
of Changchun Gold Design Institute Co., Ltd.. From March 2014 to October 2017, Mr. Zhang served as the Principle
of Changchun Gold Design Institute Co., Ltd.. From March 2011 to March 2014, he served as Vice President of China
National Gold Engineering Corporation.

Starting in 1985 through March 2014, Mr. Zhang held numerous senior executive roles at the Changchun Gold Design
Institute Co., Ltd. and Yunnan Gold LLC.

Mr. Zhang is a senior professional mining engineer and has over 39 years of experience in the mining industry. Mr. Zhang
holds a college diploma in Mining Engineering from Shenyang Gold College.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2023        3
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Na Tian
Ms. Tian, age 43, acted as Deputy General Manager of the Audit and Legal Compliance Department of CNG since February
2021. She joined CNGHK as Legal Deputy Manager of the General Administration Office in September 2018. Since
February 2012, Ms. Tian has worked in the Division of Corporate Secretary Affairs of the Company and was promoted to
Deputy Director in September 2017. In July 2017, she was appointed as a director of Skyland Mining (BVI) Limited, a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. From July 2008 to May 2011, Ms. Tian was an auditor at Ernst & Young Hua
Ming LLP. In 2008, Ms. Tian passed PRC national judicial examination and obtained the Legal Professional Qualification.

Ms. Tian holds a master’s degree in Law from Peking University Law School. She also holds double bachelor’s degrees
and majored in law and business English from Guangdong University of Foreign Studies.

Non-Executive Director
Wanming Wang
Mr. Wang, aged 57, has 36 years of experience in finance and financial administration. Currently, he is the CFO of CNGHK,
before that he served as the General Manager of the financial department in CNGHK since October 2018. In the past three
decades, Mr. Wang has also served as head of finance departments both at the CNG’s head office and its subsidiaries with
responsibilities including asset management, capital management, budgeting, accounting as well as asset securitization. Mr.
Wang served as a member of the Board of Supervisors in the following companies: Tibet Huatailong since 2020, and Tibet
Jia Ertong Mining Development Co. Ltd. since 2020. Mr. Wang also served as a director of the Board of Soremi Investments
Ltd. since 2017, CNG Buqiuke Ltd. since 2019 and Zhongxin International Financial Leasing Co. Ltd. since 2016.

Mr. Wang is a senior accountant and holds an MBA degree from Asia International Open University.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Yingbin Ian He
Mr. He, age 62, joined the Company as an Independent Non-Executive Director in May 2000. He is appointed as Chairman
of the Audit Committee since October 2009 and as Lead Independent Non-Executive Director since November 2018. Mr.
He’s career in the mining industry has spanned nearly 40 years, with extensive senior executive and board experience. Mr.
He is Director and Chairman of Vatukoula Gold Mines since 2013. From 1995 to 2006, Mr. He served as President and
Director of Spur Ventures Inc. (listed on TSX Venture Exchange, now Atlantic Gold Corp. part of St Barbara Ltd). From 2003
to 2006 and from 2011 to 2016, Mr. He served as Director and General Manager of Yichang Mapleleaf Chemicals Inc.,
former subsidiary of Spur Ventures Inc. Mr. He has served as director of several public companies including SouthGobi
Resources Ltd., dually listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the TSX Venture Exchange; Director of PT Bumi
Resources Tbk, listed on the Indonesia Stock Exchange, and Director of Tri-River Ventures Inc., listed on the TSX Venture
Exchange. In his early career, Mr. He worked as Senior Metallurgical Engineer with Process Research Associates (now part
of Bureau Veritas) (1992 to 1995), Mineral Process Engineer (1990 and 1992) with Teck Resources, and Lecturer (1982
to 1985) with Heilongjiang Institute of Mining and Technology (now Heilongjiang University of Science and Technology).

Mr. He obtained his PhD (1994) and Master of Applied Science (1990) degrees in Mineral Process Engineering from the
University of British Columbia, Canada, and Bachelor of Engineering degree (1982) from Heilongjiang Institute of Mining
and Technology, China. Mr. He is a member of the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum and the
Canadian Institute of Corporate Directors.




4      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Wei Shao
Mr. Shao, age 69, is elected as an Independent Non-Executive Director as well as Chairman of the Nominating & Corporate
Governance Committee since June 2019. He is a partner and the National China Service Co-Leader at Dentons Canada
LLP and specializes in international business transactions focusing on China. Mr. Shao has over 30 years of extensive
experience in mergers and acquisitions, corporate and project financing, cross-border counseling and general corporate
and commercial transactions. Mr. Shao is actively involved in community and non-profit organizations. Prior to his legal
career, Mr. Shao worked for the United Nations in New York. Mr. Shao is an interpreter accredited by the United Nationals
and by the federal government of Canada.

Mr. Shao holds an LLB from the University of Toronto, BA from Xi’an Foreign Languages Institute and U.N Accreditation
of Simultaneous Interpretation from the Beijing University of Foreign Studies.

Bielin Shi
Mr. Shi, age 68, is elected as an Independent Non-Executive Director as well as Chairman of the Health, Safety and
Environmental Committee since June 2019. He is a leading mining executive and geologist who specializes in investment
management, mining geology, geostatistics, resource estimation and optimisation, exploration and project development.
Mr. Shi has over 38 years of experience as a geologist with high level experience in investment management, applied
geostatistics, resource estimation and mining geology, and worldwide operational expertise in exploration and mining
projects. He also has expertise with independent technical reviews, due diligence audits and expert technical reporting in
compliance with the JORC Code, NI43-101 and Hong Kong Stock Exchange standards.

Mr. Shi is a Competent Person under the JORC Code and holds equivalent credentials in respect of Canadian and Hong
Kong’s Mineral Resources/Reserves reporting standards. Mr. Shi has published numerous papers on the application of
geostatistics in resource estimation.

Mr. Shi’s recent work has included investment management, audit and reviews of resources for multiple commodity mining
projects.

Mr. Shi has been a Post-Doctoral Research Fellow in Geostatistics from Edith Cowan University, Western Australia from
1998 to 2000. Mr. Shi holds a PhD from the University of Melbourne since 1995 and is an AusIMM Chartered Professional
since 2018.

Ruixia Han
Ms. Han, age 40, is elected as an Independent Non-Executive Director as well as Chairwoman of the Compensation and
Benefit Committee since June 2019. She is the Deputy CEO and Executive Director of Mason Group Holdings Limited
since 16 April 2020, and an independent Non-Executive Director of Jinchuan Group International Resource Co. Ltd (HKEX
Stock Code: 2362) since 20 July 2022. Prior to joining Mason Group Holdings Limited in late 2019, Ms. Han was Head
of Operations and Risk of MEC Advisory Limited, which was the sole Investment Advisor to Can-China Global Resource
Fund. Ms. Han’s role in MEC Advisory Limited covers investment, accounting, finance treasury and investor relationships
related matters. Prior to joining MEC Advisory Limited in early 2014, Ms. Han was an Investment Manager at The Export-
Import Bank of China responsible for sourcing, evaluating and negotiating investment opportunities in the banking and
direct investment industry.

Ms. Han has obtained her PhD’s degree of Economics (Finance), Master’s degree in Applied Economics (Venture Capital)
and Bachelor’s degree of Economics (Finance) from Renmin University of China.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023        5
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Jerry Xie
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CORPORATE SECRETARY
Mr. Xie, age 63, joined the Company in March 2009 and serves as Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary. Mr.
Xie is responsible for overseeing corporate secretarial matters and managing compliance and plays an important role in
business development, project evaluation, investor relations as well as public relations. Mr. Xie served as Vice President
and Secretary to the Board of the Company from March 2009 to October 2009 at which time he was promoted to Executive
Vice President and Corporate Secretary. After joining the Company, Mr. Xie was involved in the Company’s HK IPO process,
evaluation of the Company’s Jiama Mine, merger and acquisitions and bond issuance, as further described below. Mr.
Xie has over 33 years in experience of Engineering and Project Management in the petro-chemical and oil-sand industry
and mining industry. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Xie worked as Project Manager, Project Engineer and Senior
Piping Stress Analyst for LPEC/SINOPEC, Fluor, Bantrel, Tri-Ocean and WorleyParsons Canada Ltd., resource and energy
engineering companies in China and Canada, from February 1982 to March 2009.

Mr. Xie holds a Master’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Calgary in Canada, a Master’s Degree in
Mining Engineering from the Beijing University of Science & Technology and a diploma from the Mechanical Department
of Shanghai Institute of Chemical Industry.

Zheng Wang
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Ms. Wang, aged 52, was appointed as Chief Finance Officer on May 15, 2023. Ms. Wang joined the Company in August
2012 and has served consecutively as staff accountant and accounting manager responsible for corporate financial
management. Ms. Wang has extensive experience in financial reporting, internal control and corporate financing. Prior to
joining the Company, Ms. Wang worked as business analyst and accounting manager for China Minmetals Corporation
and IL CPA Society.

Ms. Wang holds the title of Accredited Senior Accountant in China and is a Certified Public Accountant in the United
States. Ms. Wang obtained a Master’s Degree in Business Administration from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, USA
and a Bachelor’s degree in English from North China University of Technology.




6      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT



The Directors are pleased to present this report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2023 (the “Reporting Period”).

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW
The Company is a gold and base metal mining company incorporated under the laws of British Columbia, Canada. The
Company’s main business involves the operation, acquisition, development and exploration of gold and base metal properties.
The principal activities of the subsidiaries are set out in Note 37 of the Financial Statements. There were no significant
changes in the nature of the Company’s principal activities during the year.

Further discussion and analysis of the business review as required by Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,
including a fair view of the business and a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company, particulars
of important events affecting the Company that have occurred since the end of the financial year 2023, an indication of
likely future development in the Company’s business, the Company and all its subsidiaries (the “Group”) environmental
policies and performance, compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Company,
outlook of the Company’s business, and an account of the Company’s relationships with its key stakeholders can be found
in the “Five-Year Financial Summary”, “Message From the Chairman and CEO”, “Management Discussion and Analysis”
and “Corporate Government Report” sections of this annual report and in the Annual Information Form (AIF).

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movement in the share capital of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 29 of the
Financial Statements.

RESERVES
Details of the reserves available for distribution to the shareholders as at December 31, 2023 are set out in Note 39 of
the Financial Statements.

RESULTS
The results of the Group as at December 31, 2023 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income on page 73.

DIVIDEND
The directors do not recommend distributing a dividend to shareholders on account of its 2023 annual results.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023         7
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIRECTORS
The directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report are as follows:

Executive Directors
Junhu Tong

Yuanhui Fu

Weibin Zhang

Na Tian

Non-Executive Director
Wanming Wang

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Yingbin Ian He

Wei Shao

Bielin Shi

Ruixia Han

In accordance with article 14.1 of the Company’s articles (the “Articles”), each of the Directors shall retire at the 2024
annual and special meeting of the Company (the “2024 AGM”) and, being eligible, shall offer themselves to be re-elected
at the 2024 AGM.

THE BIOGRAPHY OF THE DIRECTORS AND THE SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Company are set out in the Directors and
senior management’s profile from page 3 to 6 of this annual report.

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTOR PURSUANT TO RULE 13.51B(1) OF THE
HONG KONG LISTING RULES
Save as disclosed in this annual report, there are no other changes to the Directors’ information as required to be disclosed
pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on Hong Kong Stock Exchange (the “Listing
Rules”).

INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Board has received from each of the Independent Non-Executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his independence
pursuant to the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and considers that all of the Independent Non-Executive
Directors are independent.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
None of the Directors elected at the 2023 AGM has a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which
is not determinable by the employing company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory
compensation.



8       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT




PERMITTED INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE
Pursuant to the Articles of the Company and subject to the provisions of the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia)
(the “Business Corporations Act”), every Director or alternate director of the Company or its affiliates (and his or her heirs
and legal personal representatives) shall be indemnified by the Company against any judgment, penalty or fine awarded
or imposed in, or an amount paid in settlement of, a legal proceeding or investigative action where such person is liable
by reason of him/her having been a director or alternate director of the Company and the Company must, after the final
disposition of such proceeding, pay the expenses actually and reasonably incurred by such person. The Company has
taken out insurance policies against the liabilities of the Directors that may arise out of corporate activities and the costs
associated with defending any proceeding. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis. During the Reporting
Period, no claims were made against the Directors.

DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Mr. Junhu Tong, Mr. Yuanhui Fu, Mr. Weibin Zhang, Ms. Na Tian and Mr. Wanming Wang are considered to have conflicts
of interest in the transactions as set out in the section headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected
Transactions” in this report due to their senior management positions or affiliate roles with China National Gold, the
ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions and
Continuing Connected Transactions” in this report, no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation
to the business of the Group to which the Company, any of its subsidiaries or the controlling shareholder of the Company
was a party and in which a Director or any of his connected entity had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
subsisted as at December 31, 2023 or at any time during the Reporting Period.

CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
Save as disclosed under the section headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions” in this
report, no other material contract (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) was entered into
by a member of the Group, the controlling shareholder or its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESSES
To the best knowledge of the Directors, during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, save for the
directorships and management roles of our Directors in other mining companies, none of our Directors had any interests
in businesses that compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the Company. Please refer to the
biographies of our Directors set out under the section headed “Board of Directors and Senior Management” of this report
for details of such circumstances.

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS IN SHARES
As at December 31, 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”)) which were required to be
notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or as recorded
in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company
and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
(the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules were as follows:




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023         9
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




SHARES
Long position in shares
                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                            percentage of
                                                                                Nature of   Nature of       interest in the
Name                    Position                 Company                         interest   interest              Company

Yingbin Ian He          Independent Non-         China Gold International       150,000     Personal            0.0378%
                        Executive Director       Resources Corp. Ltd.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
China National Gold is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company currently holding approximately 40.01% of the
issued shares of the Company and is therefore a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules. As a result,
the transactions entered into between China National Gold and the Controlled Entities as described in this section below,
constitute non-exempt continuing connected transactions or partially exempt connected transactions of the Company as
defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

In addition, Tibet Huatailong, Inner Mongolia Pacific, China National Gold Group Finance Company Limited (“China Gold
Finance”), and China Gold Hong Kong (together the “Controlled Entities”) are ultimately controlled by China National Gold
and are therefore connected persons of the Company by virtue of Rule 14A.07 of the Listing Rules.

Non-Exempt Continuing Connected Transactions
Product and Service Framework Agreement
On April 26, 2013, the Company entered into a Product and Service Framework Agreement (as subsequently amended,
the “Product and Service Framework Agreement”) with China National Gold for the provision of mining related services
and products to the Company in order to facilitate the Group’s operations in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”)
for three years until June 18, 2016.

The Company entered into a First Supplemental Product and Service Framework Agreement (the “First Supplemental Product
and Service Framework Agreement”) on May 29, 2015 to extend the expiry date of the Product and Service Framework
Agreement to December 31, 2017 and included the sale and purchase of copper concentrates produced at the Jiama Mine
between the Group and China National Gold into the product and service scope of the Product and Service Framework
Agreement, which were approved by the independent shareholders of the Company on June 30, 2015. Details of the First
Supplemental Product and Services Framework Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated June 3,
2015, circular dated May 29, 2015 and poll results announcement dated July 1, 2015.

The Company entered into a Second Supplemental Product and Services Framework Agreement (the “Second Supplemental
Product and Services Framework Agreement”) on May 26, 2017 to extend the term to December 31, 2020 and to extend
the scope of the First Supplemental Product and Service Framework Agreement to include leasing services to be provided
by Zhongxin International Financial Leasing (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd., the shares of which are 80% owned by China National
Gold. Details of the Second Supplemental Product and Services Framework Agreement are as stated in the Company’s
announcement dated May 26, 2017, circular dated June 1, 2017 and poll results announcement dated June 30, 2017.

On May 6, 2020, the Company and China National Gold entered into the Third Supplemental Products and Services
Framework Agreement (the “Third Supplemental Product and Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which both



10      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




parties agreed to revise the expiry date of the Products and Services Framework Agreement to December 31, 2023. Please
refer to the Company’s announcement dated May 7, 2020, information circular of the Company dated May 26, 2020 and
poll results announcement dated June 17, 2020.

On May 11, 2023, the Company and China National Gold entered into the Fourth Supplemental Products and Services
Framework Agreement (the “Fourth Supplemental Product and Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which both
parties agreed to extend the expiry date of the Products and Services Framework Agreement to December 31, 2026. Save
as the expiry date, other terms and conditions under the Products and Services Framework Agreement remain unchanged.
Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated May 12, 2023, the information circular of the Company dated June
8, 2023 and poll results announcement dated July 3, 2023.

For the Reporting Period, the transaction amounts under the Product and Service Framework Agreement, as amended,
were approximately RMB1,792 million where the relevant annual monetary cap was RMB6,300 million.

Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré
On May 7, 2014, Inner Mongolia Pacific entered into a Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré (as subsequently amended,
the “Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré”) with China National Gold for the sale and purchase of gold doré bars and
silver by-products produced at the CSH Gold Mine from time to time for three years ending December 31, 2015, December
31, 2016 and December 31, 2017. Details of the Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré are as stated in the Company’s
announcement dated May 7, 2014, circular dated May 15, 2014 and poll results announcement dated June 20, 2014.

On May 26, 2017 Inner Mongolia Pacific and China National Gold entered into the Supplemental Contract for Purchase
and Sale of Doré (the “Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré”) for a term commencing on January 1,
2018 and expiring on December 31, 2020. Details of the Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré are as
stated in the Company’s announcement dated May 26, 2017, circular dated May 31, 2017 and poll results announcement
dated June 30, 2017.

On March 28, 2018, Inner Mongolia Pacific entered into the Second Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of
Doré with China National Gold, to make certain immaterial and non-consequential amendments to the purchase terms of
gold doré pursuant to which both parties agreed to amend the reference price for gold doré from “the real-time price of
Au9995 gold ingot at Shanghai Gold Exchange on the notification date less RMB0.95 per gram” to the monthly average
price of the AU(T+D) contract on the Shanghai Gold Exchange less RMB1.50 per gram”.

On May 6, 2020, Inner Mongolia Pacific and China National Gold entered into the Third Supplemental Contract for Purchase
and Sale of Doré for a three-year term commencing January 1, 2021 and expiring on December 31, 2023. Details of the
Third Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated May 7,
2020, circular dated May 26, 2020 and poll results announcement dated June 17, 2020.

On May 11, 2023, Inner Mongolia Pacific and China National Gold entered into the Fourth Supplemental Contract for
Purchase and Sale of Doré, pursuant to which both parties agreed to extend the expiry date of the Contract for Purchase
and Sale of Doré to December 31, 2026. Save as the expiry date, other terms and conditions under the Contract for
Purchase and Sale of Doré remain unchanged. Details of the Fourth Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of
Doré are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated May 12, 2023, circular dated June 8, 2023 and poll results
announcement dated July 3, 2023.

For the Reporting Period, the transaction amounts under the Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré, as amended, were
approximately RMB1,780 million where the relevant annual monetary cap was RMB2,800 million.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2023      11
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Partially Exempt Connected Transactions
Deposit Services Agreement
On December 18, 2017, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a deposit services agreement pursuant to which
the Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, make withdrawals and deposits with China Gold Finance up to a
daily maximum deposit balance (including interest) not exceeding RMB100 million, for a term of one year commencing on
January 1, 2018 (the “Deposit Services Agreement”). Deposit interest rates payable by China Gold Finance to the Group
for any deposits shall be, at a minimum, 20% higher than the benchmark interest rate published by The People’s Bank
of China for the same period and for the same type of deposit. Details of the Deposit Services Agreement are as stated in
the Company’s announcement dated December 19, 2017.

On December 18, 2018, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement
(the “Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement”) to extend the term for a further year to December 31, 2019. Details of
the Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated December 20, 2018.

On December 31, 2019, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement
(the “Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement”) to extend the term for a further year to December 31, 2020. Details of
the Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated December 31, 2019.

On December 22, 2020, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a 2021 Supplemental Deposit Services
Agreement (the “2021 Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement”) to extend the term for a further year to December
31, 2021. Details of the Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated
December 23, 2020.

Daily maximum deposit monetary caps for the transactions stipulated under the Deposit Services Agreement (as amended)
pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (including accumulative settlement interest) shall not exceed RMB100 million
for 2020, increasing to RMB180 million in the 2021 Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement. There have not been any
deposits exceeding the daily maximum monetary cap for the Reporting Period.

On May 5, 2021, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into the 2021 Financial Services Agreement pursuant
to which China Gold Finance agreed to provide the Company with a range of financial services including (a) the Deposit
Service, and the daily maximum deposit monetary caps for the transactions shall not exceed RMB3,000 million, (b) the
Lending Services, (c) the Settlement Services and (d) the Other Financial Services.

On June 29, 2021, the 2021 Financial Services Agreement was approved by shareholders at AGM and expired on December
31, 2023. Details of the 2021 Financial Service Agreement are stated in the Company’s announcement dated May 6,
2021, circular dated May 31, 2021 and poll results announcement dated June 30, 2021.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, it came to the Company’s attention that the daily deposit balance under the
Deposit Services exceeded the Deposit cap of RMB3,000 million (the “Deposit Cap”) from February 23, 2023 to April 26,
2023, with the highest daily deposit balance during such period being approximately RMB562 million over the Deposit
Cap (the “Exceeding of the Cap”). The Exceeding of the Cap was due to an increase in operating cash flow during that
period, miscommunication on the nature of the Deposit Cap (i.e. cap being the maximum annual average deposit balance
instead of the maximum daily deposit balance) and failure on the part of the continuing connected transaction working
group of the Company to closely monitor the deposit.




12     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT




As soon as the Company became aware of the Exceeding of the Cap, the Company took steps to reduce deposits placed
with China Gold Finance to a level within the Deposit Cap. Since April 27, 2023, the daily deposit balance has been kept
within the Deposit Cap and the Company ensured that the daily deposit balance remains within the Deposit Cap for the
rest of the term of the 2021 Financial Services Agreement. The Company has discussed the Exceeding of the Cap with
China Gold Finance and continued to maintain regular communication with China Gold Finance within the term of the
2021 Financial Services Agreement.

In May 2023, a supplier of Tibet Huatailong (the “Supplier”) commenced legal proceedings against Tibet Huatailong for
alleged losses as a result of slowdown and suspension of works due to the suspension of operations of the Jiama Mine
(the “Legal Proceedings”). On May 24, 2023, the Tibet Intermediate Court ruled in favour of the Supplier’s application
for pre-litigation preservation of assets against Tibet Huatailong and as a result of the court order (the “Court Order”),
Tibet Huatailong’s deposits amounting to approximately RMB479 million placed with China Gold Finance was frozen (the
“Frozen Deposits”).

On the 2021 Financial Services Agreement, the Company withdrew all deposits (other than the Frozen Deposits) which are
placed with the China Gold Finance. As at the date of this report, the Legal Proceedings are still ongoing, the Company
will continue to derive interest income from the Frozen Deposits placed with China Gold Finance to the extent permitted
under PRC law. Upon expiry or cessation of the Court Order (including any extension thereof), the Company will withdraw
the remaining deposits (being the Frozen Deposits) in full. The Company will not place any further deposits with the China
Gold Finance unless and until (a) the remaining deposits (being the Frozen Deposits) have been withdrawn in full, and
(b) the Company enters into a new financial services agreement with China Gold Finance and complies with all applicable
requirements under Chapters 14 and 14A of Listing Rules (including any shareholders’ approval as may be applicable). For
the avoidance of doubt, the Frozen Deposits (including the interest derived therefrom) would not constitute a “transaction”
for the purposes of Chapters 14 and 14A of the Listing Rules following expiry of the 2021 Financial Services Agreement.

Annual Review
The Company’s auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions
in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other
Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on
Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. The auditor’s letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected
transactions disclosed above by the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules has been provided to the
Directors, and was confirmed in respect of the above matter. The Auditor has confirmed to the Board that nothing has
come to their attention that causes them to believe that the above continuing connected transactions for the year ended
December 31, 2023: (a) have not been approved by the Board; (b) the transactions were not, in all material respects, in
accordance with the pricing policies of the Company; (c) the transactions were not entered into, in all material respects,
in accordance with the relevant agreements governing the transactions; and (d) have exceeded the respective maximum
aggregate annual caps as disclosed in the previous announcements of the Company, except for the Exceeding of the
Deposit Cap.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023      13
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




In accordance with Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors have reviewed and confirmed
that the continuing connected transactions carried out under (i) the third supplemental Product and Services Framework
Agreement, (ii) the third supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré (as amended), and (iii) the Financial Services
Agreement have each been entered into: (a) in the ordinary and usual course of the Company’s business; (b) on normal
commercial terms or better; and (c) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair
and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

The Independent Non-Executive Directors also confirmed in their review of the continuing connected transactions that all
such transactions were carried out in accordance with the pricing policies of the Company and processes set out in the
respective agreements for such transactions.

Related Party Transactions
Details of the related party transactions undertaken during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 30 of the Financial
Statements. All the related party transactions constituted connected transactions and/or continuing connected transactions
of the Company as defined in the Listing Rules. The Company had complied with the relevant requirements under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period, except for the Exceeding of the Deposit Cap.

SKYLAND BONDS
On June 16, 2020, the Company, Skyland Mining (BVI) Ltd., Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited, China International
Capital Corporation Hong Kong Securities Limited, China Construction Bank (Asia) Corporation Limited, Citigroup Global
Markets Limited, Guotai Junan Securities (Hong Kong) Limited, Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd., Hong Kong
Branch, Silk Road International Capital Limited and Standard Chartered Bank (the “Joint Bookrunners” and “Joint Lead
Managers”) entered into a subscription agreement (the “Subscription Agreement”) pursuant to which Skyland Mining
(BVI) Ltd. agreed to issue to the Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Managers, and the Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead
Managers agreed severally and not jointly, to subscribe for bonds in an aggregate principal amount of US$300 million at
an issue price of 99.886% (the “Bonds”) bearing interest at the rate of 2.80% with a maturity date of June 23, 2023,
rated BBB- by Standard & Poor’s. The Bonds were unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Company. The net
proceeds were used for repaying existing indebtedness and general corporate purposes of the Company.

On June 23, 2020, all the conditions to the issue of the Bonds as set out in the Subscription Agreement were satisfied and
the issue of the Bonds was closed. The Bonds were listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and the Chongwa
(Macao) Financial Asset Exchange Co., Limited on 24 June 2020.

Details of the Subscription Agreement are stated in the Company’s announcements dated June 16, 2020 and June 23, 2020.

On June 23, 2023, the bonds denominated in U.S. dollar, with an aggregate principal amount of US$300 million issued
on June 24, 2020, were fully repaid.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company has not entered into any equity-linked agreement (as defined
in section 6 of the Companies (Directors’ Report) Regulation (Chapter 622D of the Laws of Hong Kong)).

NUMBER AND REMUNERATION OF EMPLOYEES
As at December 31, 2023, the Company had 2,080 employees working at various locations. During the Reporting Period,
staff cost (including Directors’ remuneration in the form of salaries and other benefits) was approximately US$68,203,000
as compared to the staff costs of US$88,496,000 in 2022.




14     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT




EMOLUMENT POLICY
The Company’s director emolument policy is administered by the Compensation and Benefits Committee with regard to
comparable market statistics. Decisions relating to the compensation of directors are reported by the Compensation and
Benefits Committee to the Board for approval.

The emolument policy for the Company’s employees is determined on a department by department basis with the Chief
Executive Officer determining the emoluments for employees and managers based on merit, qualifications and the
Company’s hiring and retention needs.

There is no share-based compensation plan in place for the Company for the time being.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHT TO PURCHASE SHARES
Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests in Shares” above, at no time during
the Reporting Period, were there any rights to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in or debentures of
Company or any of its subsidiaries or its holding companies or any of the subsidiaries of the Company’s holding companies
granted to any director or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised by
them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the directors to acquire such
rights in any other body corporate.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
As at December 31, 2023, based on the information available to the Board and the register of substantial shareholders
required to be kept under section 336 of Part XV of the SFO, the Company was notified of the following substantial
shareholders’ interests and short positions, being 5% or more of the Company’s issued share capital. These interests are
in addition to those disclosed above in respect of the Directors and chief executive:

Long Position in Shares of the Company
                                                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                             Number of            percentage of
Name                                                                    Nature of interest                  Shares held      outstanding shares

China National Gold Group Co., Ltd.(1)                                  Indirect                         158,588,330(2)                   40.01%
China National Gold Group Hong Kong Limited                             Registered Owner                  158,588,330                     40.01%


Notes:
(1)      China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. directly and wholly owns China National Gold Group Hong Kong Limited and therefore the interest
         attributable to China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. represents its indirect interest in the Company’s shares through its equity interest in
         China National Gold Group Hong Kong Limited.
(2)      Information relating to registered and indirect ownership of the Company’s shares were provided by China National Gold Group Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023           15
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold and redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or under the laws of British Columbia, Canada which
would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the date of this
report, the Company has complied with the sufficiency of public float requirement under the Listing Rules.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The percentage of purchases and sales for the Reporting Period attributable to the Company’s major suppliers and
customers are as follows:

                                                                                                         Percentage of the
                                                                                                     total purchases/sales
                                                                                                             accounted for

Purchases
  – the largest supplier                                                                                              18%
  – the largest suppliers combined                                                                                    44%
Sales
  – the largest customer                                                                                             42%
  – the largest customers combined                                                                                  100%


Sales to the largest customer of the Company account for 42% of the Company’s sales and relate to the sale of Copper
concentrate from the Jiama Mine pursuant to the Copper concentrate powder purchase and sale Contract. In addition, the
five largest customers account for 100% of the Company’s sales. However, due to the fact that pricing for the Company’s
mineral products is based on prevailing market prices in accordance with the contracts with customers, the Company does
not consider there to be any risks associated with reliance on major customers. The Company considers that its pricing
structure based on prevailing metal prices mitigates against any adverse effects from concentration on five customers.

Save as disclosed above, at no time during the Reporting Period did a director, an associate of a director or any other
shareholder (which owned more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) hold any direct or indirect interest in the
Company’s five largest suppliers or customers during the Reporting Period.




16     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT




CHARITABLE DONATIONS
The Company made charitable donations during the Reporting Period amounting to US$1,339,400.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
There are no other significant events occurring after December 31, 2023 as set out in the Financial Statements and
Management’s Discussion and Analysis.

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
A resolution will be submitted at the 2024 AGM to re-appoint Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu of Hong Kong as the Company’s
auditors.




On behalf of the Board,
Junhu Tong
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 27, 2024




                                                                                         Annual Report 2023     17
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Board will continue to review and, where appropriate, improve the current practices of the Company on the basis
of the experience and regulatory changes to enhance the confidence of shareholders of the Company, and to safeguard
shareholders’ interest for continued and long term success of the Company over time.

To further this philosophy and to ensure that the Company follows good governance practices the Board has taken the
following steps:

•    approved and adopted a mandate for the Board;

•    established an Audit Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and a Compensation and
     Benefits Committee;

•    established a Health, Safety and Environmental Committee;

•    approved charters for all of the Board committees to formalize the mandates of those committees;

•    established a Disclosure Committee with a mandate to oversee the Company’s disclosure practices including the
     establishment of a sub-committee charged with overseeing the Company’s technical disclosure;

•    adopted a formal Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities Trading Policy and formalized the Company’s
     disclosure controls and procedures;

•    adopted a formal Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that governs the behavior of directors, officers and employees
     and which is also distributed to consultants;

•    adopted formal written position descriptions for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, clearly defining
     their roles and responsibilities;

•    adopted a whistleblower policy administered by an independent third party;

•    formalized a process for assessing the effectiveness of the Board as a whole, the Board committees and the contribution
     of individual directors on a regular basis;

•    reviewing and approving the Company’s incentive compensation plans; and

•    providing continuing education opportunities for all directors.

COMPANY CULTURE
The Company has always maintained the social responsibility concept of “Never get engaged in gold production in any
place at the expense of damaging the ecological and social environment.” While pursuing economic interests, it manages
the impact on stakeholders and the natural environment during business operations, pursuing the maximum integrated
value of the Company, society, and the environment.

The Company firmly believes that fulfilling the social responsibility attached to any enterprise is an indispensable route
for enterprises to complete sustainable development and keep the business thriving. As a mining enterprise with high
production risks, we value safe production as a prerequisite for growth and take measures to improve safety production.




18     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Company is dedicated to a people-oriented approach, with a strong focus on the sustainable development of our
staff. We are unwavering in our commitment to uphold the rights and interests of our employees. Our dedication to
environmental protection, energy conservation, and emission reduction is a cornerstone of our operations as we strive for
green development. We also actively contribute to the local community, investing substantial financial resources, materials,
and manpower to support local education, health, transportation, and infrastructure construction.

The Company will continue to hold the concept of social responsibilities, apply its expectations for society, the environment,
and benefits to the production and operation practice, improve its core competitiveness through technology innovation
and management improvement, implement social responsibility consciously, build a responsible and utterly trustworthy
company and become an active practitioner of social responsibility in the global mining industry.

COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Company has, throughout the Reporting Period, applied the principles and complied with the requirements of its
corporate governance practices as defined by the Board and all applicable statutory, regulatory and stock exchange listings
standards, in particular, the code provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in
Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules. The Company’s current practices are reviewed and updated regularly to ensure that the
latest developments in corporate governance are followed and observed.

Save as disclosed below, during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, the Company has complied with
all code provisions in the CG Code:

The roles of the chairman and chief executive officer of the Company have not been separated as required by code
provision C.2.1 of the CG Code.

Mr. Junhu Tong (“Mr. Tong”) has been appointed as the roles of both the Chairman and CEO of the Company. However,
the Board believes that Mr. Tong is familiar with the Company’s business operation and has superior knowledge and
experience of the Company’s business as CEO, and vesting the roles of both Chairman and CEO in the same person has
the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership with the Company and improving the efficiency of overall strategic planning
for the Company. Under the supervision of the Board which comprises of four executive Directors, one non-executive
Director and four independent non-executive Directors, the Board is appropriately structured with balance of power to
provide sufficient checks to protect the interests of the Company and the Shareholders. Further, the Company established
the role of ‘Lead Independent Director’(the “Lead INED”) and Mr. Yingbin Ian He was appointed as Lead INED as of 13
November 2018 concurrently with Mr. Jiang being appointed as Chair. The role of Lead INED was created to liaise with
Chairman and CEO on behalf of the independent non-executive Directors and advise the Board on matters where there
may be an actual or perceived conflict of interest to ensure the best possible operation of the Board in accordance with
the best corporate governance practices.

Changes in Directors and Senior Management
The change in Directors and/or senior management of the Company during the Reporting Period and up to the date of
this report are set our below:

1.   Ms. Zheng Wang was appointed as Chief Finance Officer on May 15, 2023.

2.   Ms. Yuehe Lu resigned as Interim Chief Financial Officer on May 15, 2023.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023       19
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




BOARD COMPOSITION
Corporate governance guidelines adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators (“CSA”) recommend that a majority of
the directors of a corporation be independent directors and Rule 3.10 and 3.10A of the Listing Rules requires every Board
of Directors to include at least three Independent Non-Executive Directors and at least one-third of the Board of Directors
to comprise of Independent Non-Executive Directors. Under the CSA corporate governance guidelines, an “independent
director” is a director who has no direct or indirect material relationship with the Company, including as a partner, shareholder
or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company. A “material relationship” is one that would, or in the
view of the Board could be reasonably expected to, interfere with the exercise of a director’s independent judgment. The
CG Code includes a number of factors to take into consideration when assessing the independence of a Non-Executive
director, including the percentage of shares held by him or her in the Company and any material interest in any principal
business activity of the Group. As at December 31, 2023 and as at the date of this report, the Board has determined
that it consisted of four “independent directors” and five non-independent directors under the CSA corporate governance
guidelines. The Board believes that its current size and composition and the composition of the Board committees, result
in balanced representation.

The Company recognizes that the Board’s independence is a crucial aspect of corporate governance that ensures the Board
of Directors is acting in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. The Company has established effective
mechanisms on when and how directors may seek independent professional advice, at the expense of the Company, to
ensure independent views and input are available to the Board.

As at the date of this report, the Company believes it has a well-balanced Board. The Board is comprised of four (4)
Executive Directors, one (1) Non-Executive Director and four (4) Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Directors for
the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this report are as follows:

Executive Directors
Junhu Tong (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)(1)
Yuanhui Fu (Vice President)(2)
Weibin Zhang(3)
Na Tian(4)

Non-Executive Director
Wanming Wang(5)

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Yingbin Ian He
Wei Shao
Bielin Shi
Ruixia Han

Notes:
(1)      Mr. Tong is an Executive Director in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
(2)      Mr. Fu is an Executive Director in his capacity as Vice President of the Company and Chairman of Tibet Huatailong.
(3)      Mr. Zhang is an Executive Director in his capacity as Chairman and General Manager of Inner Mongolia Pacific.
(4)      Ms. Tian is an Executive Director in his capacity as an affiliate of China National Gold which has a material relationship with the Company.
(5)      Mr. Wang is a Non-Executive Director in his capacity as an affiliate of China National Gold which has a material relationship with the
         Company.



20         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




As at the date of this report, China National Gold holds approximately 40.01% of the Company’s outstanding common shares.

Biographical details of the Directors of the Company are set out in the section headed “Board of Directors and Senior
Management” on pages 3 to 6 of this annual report. The Board has assessed the independence of all the Independent
Non-Executive Directors and considers each of them to be independent having regard to (i) their annual confirmation
on independence as required under the Listing Rules, (ii) the absence of involvement in the daily management of the
Company and (iii) the absence of any relationships or circumstances which would interfere with the exercise of their
independent judgement.

The Directors are satisfied that the size and composition of the Board results in a balanced representation on the Board
among executive and non-executive directors and the Company’s controlling shareholder.

Since October 2022, Mr. Junhu Tong serves as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer in addition to being an Executive
Director. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for running the Company’s businesses and implementing the Group’s
strategic plans and business goals.

For the reporting period, Mr. Yingbin Ian He was appointed lead Independent Non-Executive Director as of November 2018.
The role of lead Independent Non-Executive Director was created to enhance the Company’s corporate governance practices
and provides leadership to the Independent Non-Executive Directors, liaise with Chief Executive Officer on behalf of the
Independent Non-Executive Directors and advise the Board on matters where there may be an actual or perceived conflict
of interest such as Chief Executive Officer’s performance evaluation to ensure the best possible operation of the Board.

For the Reporting Period, the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-
Executive Directors, namely, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han and one Non-Executive
Director, namely, Mr. Wanming Wang. Mr. Wei Shao was appointed as the Chairman of the Nominating & Corporate
Governance Committee on June 25, 2019.

For the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors, namely, Mr.
Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han. Mr. Yingbin Ian He was appointed as the Chairman of
the Audit Committee on June 25, 2019.

For the Reporting Period, the Compensation & Benefits Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors,
namely, Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han and one Executive Director Mr. Weibin
Zhang. Ms. Ruixia Han was appointed as the Chairwoman of the Compensation & Benefits Committee on June 25, 2019.

For the Reporting Period, the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive
Directors, namely, Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han and one Executive Director Mr.
Yuanhui Fu. Mr. Bielin Shi was appointed as the Chairman of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee on June
25, 2019.

To the best knowledge of the Company, none of the Directors is related. Relationships include financial, business or family
relationships. The Directors are free to exercise their independent judgment. Directors, including the current non-executive
Directors and the independent non-executive Directors, are elected at each annual general meeting and hold office until
the next annual general meeting, unless a Director’s office is earlier vacated in accordance with the provisions of the
Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) and the Company’s Articles.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023       21
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Non-Executive Directors bring a range of business, professional and financial expertise, experience and independent
judgment to the Board.

Through active participation at Board meetings, taking the lead in managing issues involving potential conflict of interests
and serving on Board committees, all Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Non-Executive Directors) make
various contributions to the effective direction of the Company.

In accordance with the Company’s Articles, the Non-Executive Directors (including the Independent Non-Executive Directors)
are subject to re-election each year at the Company’s annual general meeting.

DIRECTORS’ PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
The Board, through the Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, ensures that all new Directors
receive a comprehensive orientation so that each new Director fully understands the role of the Board and its Committees,
as well as the contribution individual directors are expected to make and to understand the nature and operation of the
Company’s business.

The Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
and skills. The Board provides continuing education opportunities for all Directors, so that each individual Director may
maintain or enhance his or her skills and abilities as a Director, as well as to ensure his or her knowledge and understanding
of the Company’s business remains current.

The orientation and continuing education process will be reviewed on an annual basis and will be revised accordingly.
There are technical presentations at Board meetings, focusing on either a particular property or a summary of various
properties. The question and answer portions of these presentations are valuable learning resources for the non-technical
Directors. The Board has also incorporated training into their Board meetings with presentations by legal, accounting and
other professional groups and individuals.

All Directors participated in appropriate continuous professional development and provided the Company with their records of
training they received for Reporting Period. Directors participated in the training which included reading regulatory updates,
attending seminars or conducting training sessions and exchanging views. According to the training records maintained
by the Company, the trainings received by each of the Directors during the Reporting Period are summarized as follows:

                                                                                                                    Reading/
                                                                                                         Attending seminars/
                                                                                                            conferences and
                                                                                                             exchange views

Executive Directors
Junhu Tong                                                                                                                Yes
Yuanhui Fu                                                                                                                Yes
Weibin Zhang                                                                                                              Yes
Na Tian                                                                                                                   Yes

Non-Executive Director
Wanming Wang                                                                                                              Yes

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Yingbin Ian He                                                                                                            Yes
Wei Shao                                                                                                                  Yes
Bielin Shi                                                                                                                Yes
Ruixia Han                                                                                                                Yes



22     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




MANDATE OF THE BOARD
Under the Business Corporations Act, the Directors are required to manage the Company’s business and affairs, and
in doing so, to act honestly and in good faith with a view to furthering the best interests of the Company. In addition,
each Director must exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonably prudent person would exercise in comparable
circumstances. The Board is responsible for supervising the conduct of the Company’s affairs and the management of its
business. The Board’s mandate includes setting long term goals and objectives for the Company, formulating the plans and
strategies necessary to achieve those objectives and supervising senior management in their implementation. Although the
Board delegates the responsibility for managing the day-to-day affairs of the Company to senior management, the Board
retains a supervisory role in respect of, and ultimate responsibility for, all matters relating to the Company and its business.

The Board’s mandate requires that the Board be satisfied that the Company’s senior management will manage the affairs
of the Company in the best interest of the shareholders, in accordance with the Company’s principles, and that the
arrangements made for the management of the Company’s business and affairs are consistent with their duties described
above. The Board is responsible for protecting shareholders’ interests and ensuring that the incentives of the shareholders
and of management are aligned. The obligation of the Board must be performed continuously, and not merely from time
to time, and in times of crisis or emergency the Board may have to assume a more direct role in managing the affairs of
the Company.

In discharging this responsibility, the Board’s mandate provides that the Board oversees and monitors significant corporate
plans and strategic initiatives. The Board’s strategic planning process includes annual budget reviews and approvals and
discussions with management relating to strategic and budgetary issues.

As part of its ongoing review of business operations, the Board periodically reviews the principal risks inherent in the
Company’s business, including financial risks, and assesses the systems established to manage those risks. Directly
and through the Audit Committee, the Board also assesses the integrity of internal control over financial reporting and
management information systems.

In addition to those matters that must, by law, be approved by the Board, the Board is required to approve annual operating
and capital budgets, any material dispositions, acquisitions and investments outside of the ordinary course of business or
not provided for in the approved budgets, long-term strategy, organizational development plans and the appointment of
senior executive officers. Management is authorized to act, without Board approval on all ordinary course matters relating
to the Company’s business.

The Board’s mandate provides that the Board expects management to provide the directors, on a timely basis, with
information concerning the business and affairs of the Company, including financial and operating information and
information concerning industry developments as they occur, all with a view to enabling the Board to discharge its
stewardship obligations effectively. The Board expects management to efficiently implement its strategic plans for the
Company, to keep the Board fully apprised of its progress in doing so and to be fully accountable to the Board in respect
to all matters for which it has been assigned responsibility.

The Board has instructed the management to maintain procedures to monitor and promptly address shareholders’ concerns
and has directed and will continue to direct the management to apprise the Board of any major concerns expressed by
shareholders.

Each Board Committee is empowered to engage external advisors as it sees fit. Any individual Director is entitled to engage
an outside advisor at the expense of the Company provided such Director has obtained the approval of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee to do so. In conjunction with its review of operations, the Board considers risk issues
when appropriate and approves corporate policies addressing the management of the risk of the Company’s business.


                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023       23
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Board takes ultimate responsibility for the appointment and monitoring of the Company’s senior management. The
Board approves the appointment of senior management and reviews their performance on an ongoing basis.

The Company has a corporate disclosure policy addressing, among other things, how the Company interacts with analysts
and the public, and contains measures for the Company to avoid selective disclosure. The Company has a Disclosure
Committee responsible for overseeing the Company’s disclosure practices. The Disclosure Committee consists of the
Company’s Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and the
Company’s senior communications and investor relations officers, or those individuals who act in equivalent positions for the
Company, and receives advice from the Company’s external legal counsel. The Disclosure Committee assesses materiality
and determines when developments require public disclosure. The Disclosure Committee reviews the corporate disclosure
policy annually and as otherwise needed to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements and reviews all documents
which are reviewed by the Board and Audit Committee. The Board reviews and approves the Company’s material disclosure
documents, including its annual report, annual information form and management proxy circular. The Company’s annual
and quarterly financial statements, management’s discussion and analysis and other financial disclosure is reviewed by
the Audit Committee and recommended to the Board for approval, prior to its release.

Board Diversity Policy
In order to ensure diversity of the Board and improve the Company’s corporate governance, the Board approved the
Board diversity policy (the “Policy”) in accordance with the requirements set out in code provision B.1.3 of the CG Code.
The Policy sets out the approach to achieve diversity on the board by considering a number of factors, including without
limitation, gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional skills, knowledge, experience and length of
service, in order to maintain an appropriate range and balance of talents, skills, experience and background of the Board.
Appointments of Board members shall be based on merit, and candidates will be assessed based on objective criteria. The
Company will also take into account factors based on its own business model and specific needs from time to time. The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will monitor the implementation of the Policy; review the Policy from
time to time, as appropriate; report to the Board on their decisions or propose recommendations on any amendments for
the Board’s review and approval, to ensure the effectiveness of the Policy. No measurable objectives for achieving diversity
were specifically set by the Board during the year, other than the recruitment of the most suitable candidate for a position.

The Board currently consists of seven (7) men and two (2) women, with female directors representing 22% of the total
number of directors. The Board is satisfied with the current gender composition of the Board and at all levels in the Company.

Gender Diversity in the Workforce
By the end of 2023, a total of the Company employees has been 2,080, including 419 female workers and 439 ethnic
minority workers. Any there are 541 primary, intermediate and senior managements, including 120 female managements.
We have no part-time employee. Our employees are from 27 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions such as
Tibet Autonomous Region, Jilin, Henan, Sichuan and Liaoning Province.

                                                           2023          2022            2021            2020            2019

percentage of female employees                           20.14%       20.48%           21.15%          21.54%             21%
Percentage of male employees                             79.86%       79.52%           78.85%          78.46%             79%
Percentage of enthnic minority employees                 21.11%       22.59%           22.44%           21.3%             21%


The Company will continue to make ways in achieving gender diversity in the workforce (including senior management) with
a target of maintaining a balanced gender mix. During the year under review, the Board was not aware of any mitigating
factors or circumstances which make achieving gender diversity across the workforce (including senior management)
more challenging or less relevent.



24       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
To oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs and to assist in the execution of its responsibilities, the Board
has established four Board committees, namely Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,
Compensation and Benefits Committee, and Health, Safety and Environment Committee. Independent Non-Executive
Directors play an important role in these committees to ensure that independent and objective views are expressed and
to promote critical review and control.

Audit Committee
The Board has established an Audit Committee, which operates under a charter approved by the Board. It is the Board’s
responsibility to ensure that the Company has an effective risk management and internal control system. This includes
internal controls to manage both the effectiveness and efficiency of significant business processes, the safeguarding of
assets, the maintenance of proper accounting records, and the reliability of financial information as well as non-financial
considerations such as the benchmarking of operational key performance indicators. The Company’s Audit Committee is
comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors, including Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and
Ms. Ruixia Han. Mr. Yingbin Ian He serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee.

The primary objective of the Audit Committee is to act as a liaison between the Board and the Company’s independent
auditors and to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to (a) the financial statements and other
financial information provided by the Company to its shareholders, the public and others; (b) the Company’s compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements; (c) the qualification, independence and performance of the auditors; and (d) the
Company’s risk management and internal financial and accounting controls, and management information systems.

Although the Audit Committee has the powers and responsibilities set forth in its charter, the role of the Audit Committee
is oversight. The members of the Audit Committee are not full-time employees of the Company and may or may not be
accountants or auditors by profession or experts in the fields of accounting or auditing and, in any event, do not serve in
such capacity. Consequently, it is not the duty of the Audit Committee to conduct audits or to determine that the Company’s
financial statements and disclosures are complete and accurate and are in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRS”). These are the responsibilities of the management and the auditors.

All services to be performed by the auditors of the Company must be approved in advance by the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee held four meetings during the Reporting Period. In performing its duties in accordance with its
charter, the Audit Committee has:

•     overseen the Company’s relationship, audit fees and terms of engagement of the external auditors;

•     reviewed the independence of the external auditors and made recommendations to the Board on the re-appointment
      of the external auditors;

•     reviewed the financial budget and planning including the annual and interim financial statements and results
      announcements during the Financial Year;

•     reviewed and assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s financial controls, corporate governance, internal controls
      and risk management systems;

•     reviewed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal audit function; and

•     reported to the Board on the decisions and recommendations of the Audit Committee.

The individual attendance of Audit Committee members at meetings is set out on page 28 of this annual report.



                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023        25
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
The Board established a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, operating under a charter approved by the
Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors,
including Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han, and one Non-Executive Director, namely
Mr. Wanming Wang. Mr. Wei Shao serves as Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.

The primary objective of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its
oversight responsibilities by (a) determining a policy and process for identifying individuals qualified to become Board
and Board Committee members and recommending that the Board select director nominees for appointment or election
to the Board; and (b) developing and recommending to the Board corporate governance guidelines for the Company and
making recommendations to the Board with respect to corporate governance practices. The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee monitors the disclosure of conflicts of interest to the Board and ensures that no director will vote in
respect of a matter in which such director has a material interest. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
met during the Financial Year to review its charter, to review the Articles, to assess the competencies and characteristics
represented on the Board, to review the results of a Board effectiveness survey and self-assessments and to monitor, review
and confirm compliance with legal, regulatory, corporate governance and disclosure requirements. The Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee is also responsible for reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional
development of directors and senior management as required under code provision A.2.1 (b) of the CG Code.

The individual attendance of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee members at meetings is set out on page
28 of this annual report.

Compensation and Benefits Committee
The Board has established the Compensation and Benefits Committee, which operates under a charter approved by the
Board. The Compensation and Benefits Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors including
Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han, and one Executive Director, namely, Mr. Weibin
Zhang. Ms. Ruixia Han serves as Chairwoman of the Compensation and Benefits Committee.

The primary objective of the Compensation and Benefits Committee is to discharge the Board’s responsibilities relating
to the compensation and benefits for senior executives and Directors of the Company. This role includes reviewing the
adequacy and form of compensation for senior executives and the Directors, determining the recipients of, the nature
and size of share compensation awards granted from time to time and determining any bonuses to be awarded. The
Compensation and Benefits Committee met during the Financial Year to review its charter, to assess the performance
and compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Directors, to review the compensation and benefits
for senior executives and Directors of the Company and to complete self-assessments. The Compensation and Benefits
Committee made recommendations to the Board for adjustments to compensation for the Company’s senior executives
on various occasions throughout the Reporting Period.

The individual attendance of Compensation and Benefits Committee members at meetings is set out on page 28 of this
annual report.

Health, Safety and Environmental Committee
The Board has established the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee, which operates under a charter approved by
the Board. The Company’s Health, Safety and Environmental Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive
Directors, including Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han, and one Executive Director,
namely, Mr. Yuanhui Fu. Mr. Bielin Shi serves as the Chairman of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee.



26     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The primary objective of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee is to discharge the Board’s responsibilities
relating to compliance with applicable health, safety and environmental rules and regulations. This role includes assisting
the Board in its oversight of the development, implementation and evaluation by management of the Company’s health,
safety and environmental objectives and for monitoring the Company’s compliance with applicable health, safety and
environmental laws and regulations. The Health, Safety and Environmental Committee met during the Reporting Period
to receive reports from the Chief Safety Officers from the CSH Gold Mine and the Jiama Mine, to review the findings of
an independent safety audit, and to complete self-assessments. The Health, Safety and Environmental Committee made
recommendations to the mine sites for continuous improvements.

The individual attendance of Health, Safety and Environmental Committee members at meetings is set out on page 28 of
this annual report.

Ad Hoc and Special Committees
In appropriate circumstances, the Board will establish a special committee to review a matter in which several Directors
or management may have a conflict of interest. No special committee was established during the Reporting Period.

MEETINGS OF THE BOARD AND BOARD COMMITTEES
Details of attendance of the Directors (either in person or through telephone conferences) at Board regular meetings,
meetings of Board Committees and general meetings during the Reporting Period are set out below. The management
also communicates informally with the Board on a regular basis, and solicits the advice of the Directors on matters falling
within their special knowledge or experience. In addition, the Independent Non-Executive Directors meet regularly on
formal and informal basis to facilitate the exercise of their independent judgment.

Attendances/Number of Meetings
                                                       Nominating                           Health,
                                                     and Corporate   Compensation       Safety and    2023 Annual
                                             Audit     Governance     and Benefits   Environmental     and Special     Committees         Overall
                              Board      Committee      Committee       Committee       Committee         Meeting         (Total)     Attendance

Junhu Tong               4/4 (100%)            N/A            N/A            N/A              N/A             0/1             N/A      4/5 (80%)
Yuanhui Fu                1/4 (25%)            N/A            N/A            N/A        1/4 (25%)             0/1       1/4 (25%)      2/9 (22%)
Weibin Zhang             4/4 (100%)            N/A            N/A     1/1 (100%)              N/A             1/1      1/1 (100%)     6/6 (100%)
Na Tian                   3/4 (75%)            N/A            N/A            N/A              N/A             1/1             N/A      4/5 (80%)
Wanming Wang              3/4 (75%)            N/A     2/2 (100%)            N/A              N/A             1/1      2/2 (100%)      6/7 (86%)
Yingbin Ian He           4/4 (100%)     4/4 (100%)     2/2 (100%)     1/1 (100%)       4/4 (100%)             1/1    11/11 (100%)   16/16 (100%)
Wei Shao                 4/4 (100%)     4/4 (100%)     2/2 (100%)     1/1 (100%)       4/4 (100%)             1/1    11/11 (100%)   16/16 (100%)
Bielin Shi               4/4 (100%)     4/4 (100%)     2/2 (100%)     1/1 (100%)       4/4 (100%)             1/1    11/11 (100%)   16/16 (100%)
Ruixia Han               4/4 (100%)     4/4 (100%)     2/2 (100%)     1/1 (100%)       4/4 (100%)             1/1    11/11 (100%)   16/16 (100%)


*     Except for the 2023 Annual and Special Meeting held on June 30, 2023, no other general meeting was held during the Reporting Period.

According to code provision C.1.6 of the CG Code, Independent Non-Executive Directors and other Non-Executive Directors
should attend general meetings and develop a balanced understanding of the views of the shareholders.

Two Executive Directors were unable to attend the Annual and Special Meeting of the Company held on June 30, 2023
due to other business commitments.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023           27
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The 2024 AGM will be held on June 28, 2024 (Hong Kong time). The notice of the 2024 AGM will be sent to shareholders
at least 20 clear business days before the 2024 AGM.

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS
The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all employees, consultants, executive
officers and Directors regardless of their position in the Company, at all times and everywhere the Company does business.
The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics provides that the Company’s employees, consultants, executive officers and
directors will uphold its commitment to a culture of honesty, integrity and accountability and the Company requiring the
highest standards of professional and ethical conduct from its employees, consultants, executive officers and Directors.

The Company’s employees, executive officers and Directors are required to confirm, on an annual basis, that they have
reviewed the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and if they are aware of any actual or potential conflicts
of interest.

The Company’s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee monitors compliance with the Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics and the disclosure of conflicts of interest by Directors with a view to ensuring that no Director votes on a matter
in respect of which he has a material interest.

ESG GOVERNANCE
The Board promises that the Company and the Board will follow the requirements of the “Environmental, Social and
Governance Reporting Guidelines” issued by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, continuously optimize its environmental,
social and corporate governance system. We will further strengthen the Board’s role in supervision and participation on
ESG related affairs, and actively integrate ESG considerations into the Company’s major decision-making processes and
business practices.

The Board of Directors bears the ultimate responsibility for the Company’s ESG governance, and is responsible for overseeing
the Company’s ESG development direction, strategies and related matters. The Board of Directors, its Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee, the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Benefits Committee, and the Health,
Safety and Environmental Committee are responsible for overseeing the Company’s commitments and performances on
key issues, coordinating with other committees and functional departments to incorporate ESG factors into internal control,
risk management, strategic planning, remuneration and incentives, etc., and reporting ESG performances and major plans
to the Board of Directors.

APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
The Board determines, in light of the opportunities and risks facing the Company, what competencies, skills and personal
qualities it should seek in new Directors in order to add value to the Company. Based on this framework, the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee developed a skills matrix outlining the Company’s desired complement of competencies,
skills and characteristics. The specific make-up of the matrix includes technical, geological and engineering knowledge,
financial literacy, mining industry experience, public company experience and legal knowledge. The Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee assesses the competencies and characteristics represented on the Board annually and
utilizes the matrix to determine the Board’s strengths and to identify areas for improvement. This analysis assists the
Nominating and Governance Committee in discharging its responsibility for approaching and proposing new nominees to
the Board and for assessing Directors on an ongoing basis.

Unless a Director dies, resigns or is removed from office in accordance with the Business Corporations Act, the term of
office of each of the Director’s ends at the conclusion of the next annual general meeting following his or her most recent
election or appointment.




28     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




At every annual general meeting the shareholders entitled to vote at the annual general meeting for the election of directors
are entitled to elect a Board consisting of the number of Directors for the time being set under the Articles and all the
Directors cease to hold office immediately before such election but are eligible for re-election. If the Company fails to hold
an annual general meeting on or before the date by which the annual general meeting is required to be held under the
Business Corporations Act or the shareholders fail, at the annual general meeting, to elect or appoint any Directors then
each Director then in office continues to hold office until the earlier of the date on which his or her successor is elected
or appointed, or the date on which he or she otherwise ceases to hold office under the Business Corporations Act or the
Articles.

According to code provision B.2.3 of the CG Code, if an independent non-executive Director serves more than 9 years,
his further election should be subject to a separate resolution to be approved by shareholders.

SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted policies in its Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities Trading Policy on terms no
less exacting than those set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.

Furthermore, if a Director (a) enters into a transaction involving a security of the Company or, for any other reason, the
direct or indirect beneficial ownership of, or control or direction over, securities of the Company changes from that shown or
required to be shown in the latest insider report filed by the Director, or (b) the director enters into a transaction involving
a related financial instrument, the Director must, within the prescribed period, file an insider report in the required form
on the System for Electronic Disclosure by Insiders website at www.sedi.ca.

A “related financial instrument” is defined as: (a) an instrument, agreement, security or exchange contract the value, market
price or payment obligations of which are derived from, referenced to or based on the value, market price or payment
obligations of a security, or (b) any other instrument, agreement or understanding that affects, directly or indirectly, a
person’s economic interest in respect of a security or an exchange contract.

Having made a specific enquiry with each Director, all Directors have confirmed their full compliance with the required
standards set out in the Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities Trading Policy throughout the Reporting
Period. Details of the shareholding interests held by the directors as at December 31, 2023 are set out on page 9 of this
annual report.

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS
The Company’s director emolument policy is administered by the Compensation and Benefits Committee with regard to
comparable market statistics. Decisions relating to the compensation of directors are reported by the Compensation and
Benefits Committee to the Board for approval.

The Company pays its Independent Non-Executive Directors a cash retainer of US$3,825 per month for acting as Independent
Non-Executive Directors and for their roles on various Board Committees. The Company pays the lead Independent Non-
Executive Director a cash retainer of US$4,500 per month.

Details regarding the remuneration of Directors are set out in Note 10 of the Financial Statements.

COMPANY SECRETARY
The Corporate Secretary is responsible for advising the Board through the Chairman of the Board on governance matters
and also facilitates induction and professional development of Directors. The Corporate Secretary reports to the Chairman of
the Board. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Corporate Secretary to ensure that Board procedures,
all applicable laws, rules and regulations are followed.


                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023       29
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Dr. Ngai Wai Fung, the director and chief executive officer of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, an
external professional corporate services provider, is the company secretary of the Company. Dr. Ngai’s primary contact
person in the Company in relation to any corporate secretarial matters is Mr. Jerry Xie, the Executive Vice President and
Corporate Secretary.

According to Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Dr. Ngai has received no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training
during the Reporting Period.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board is responsible for overseeing the risk management and internal controls of the Company and reviewing their
effectiveness. Risk management and internal controls are used by the Board to facilitate the effectiveness and efficiency
of operations, to safeguard the investment of shareholders and assets of the Company and to ensure compliance with
relevant statutory and regulatory requirements. The Company’s risk management and internal control policies are designed
to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material misstatements and to help the Board identify and
mitigate, but not eliminate, risk exposure.

The Company maintains internal audit functions for both itself and its operating subsidiaries. The Company leverages the
internal audit function of China National Gold, its controlling shareholder, for its internal audit function. Risk management
and internal control systems are reviewed on a quarterly basis in conjunction with the quarterly certification requirements
for disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting as mandated by applicable Canadian
securities laws.

The Audit Committee and the Board have reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems
of the Company and its subsidiaries, including financial, operational and compliance controls, for the Reporting Period
and are of the view that the Company’s current risk management and internal control systems are adequate and operating
effectively in safeguarding the investment of shareholders and assets of the Company.

The Company has used the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) 2013 framework
to evaluate the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, and has concluded that its internal controls and
procedures were effective as of December 31, 2023 and provide reasonable assurance that material information, including
financial information, relating to the Company is made known to senior management, the Audit Committee and the Board,
as applicable, and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner.

The Board has established a framework for identifying, evaluating and managing key risks faced by the Company. The
Board, through the Audit Committee, reviews annually the effectiveness of the internal control system of the Company and
its subsidiaries, considering factors such as:

•    changes, since the last annual review, in nature and extent of significant risks, and the Company’s ability to respond
     to changes in its business and the external environment;

•    the scope and quality of management’s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems, and the work
     of the internal audit function;

•    the extent and frequency of communication of monitoring results to the Board which enables it to assess control of
     the Company and the effectiveness of risk management;

•    adequacy of resources;




30     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




•    staff qualifications and experience;

•    training programs;

•    budget of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions; communication of the monitoring
     results to the Board that enables it to assess control of the Company and the effectiveness of the risk management;

•    significant control failings or weaknesses that have been identified during the period, and the extent to which they
     have caused unforeseeable outcomes or contingencies that had or might have, a material impact on the Company’s
     financial performance or condition; and

•    the effectiveness of the Company’s processes for financial reporting and compliance with applicable listing rules and
     securities laws.

Pursuant to National Instrument 52-109 Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings of the Canadian
Securities Administrators (“NI – 52-109”), the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Chief Financial Officer
(“CFO”) are required to evaluate the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and
procedures (“DC&P”), as defined in NI 52-109, and certify that the DC&P are effective to achieve the purpose for which
they have been designed. Internal controls over financial reporting (“ICFR”), as defined in NI 52-109, are designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
in accordance with IFRS. Management is also responsible for the design of the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting in order to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. The CEO and CFO provide confirmation of the foregoing
matters to the Audit Committee as part of its review and approval of periodic financial disclosure.

The Company has established a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities
Trading Policy (the “Code”), which includes a policy on the handling of confidential information, information disclosure and
securities dealing for all employees of the Company to comply with when they are in possession of confidential or inside
information in relation to the Company. The Code provides that the Company’s employees, officers, Directors and contract
employees will uphold our commitment to a culture of honesty, integrity and accountability and that the Company requires
the highest standards of professional and ethical conduct from its employees, officers, Directors and contract employees.
The various policies forming the Code are available on the Company’s website (www. chinagoldintl.com) and have been
disseminated to all employees of the Company.

Suggestion Ox is the Company’s whistleblowing program, which is administered by an independent third party, and is
available for use when someone suspects or is aware of illegal, unsafe or inappropriate activity at work. Suggestion Ox
provides an avenue for individuals to raise concerns confidentially and anonymously. The Audit Committee monitors
compliance with the Code. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee monitors the Code and assists the Board
in dealing with conflict of interest issues.

AUDITORS
The Company’s auditor is Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu of Hong Kong. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu was first appointed as auditor
of the Company on April 1, 2010. The appointment of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu was approved by an ordinary resolution
of the shareholders at the Company’s annual and special meeting held on June 30, 2023. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu will
be nominated for re-appointment as auditors of the Company for the fiscal year at the 2024 AGM, at a remuneration to
be fixed by the Board.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023       31
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu is independent of the Company in accordance with Section 290 “Independence – Assurance
Engagements” of the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The financial reporting responsibilities and audit report of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu are set out on pages
67 to 71 of the Financial Statements.

Deloitte LLP served as auditor of the Company until April 1, 2010. The Company continues to use the services of Deloitte
LLP from time to time for tax compliance advice relating to transactions and proposed transactions of the Company and
its subsidiaries.

The fees paid/payable to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu in respect of audit and non-audit services provided during the Reporting
Period were as follows:

                                                                                                                             Fees paid/payable
Nature of services rendered                                                                                                              (US$)

Audit fees(1)                                                                                                                          683,000
Non-audit fees(2)                                                                                                                       53,500

Total                                                                                                                                  736,500


Notes:
(1)      Fees for audit services consisted of fees incurred to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (US$683,000) in connection with the audit of the Company’s
         annual financial statements, review of the Company’s interim financial statements.
(2)      Fees for non-audit services consisted of fees incurred to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (US$53,500) in connection with the service on issuing
         letter on working capital sufficiency statement of the Company.

RESPONSIBILITIES IN RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility in preparing the financial statements that provide a true and fair view of
the financial affairs of the Company. With the assistance of the Company’s management, the directors ensure that the
financial statements are being prepared and published in a timely manner in accordance with the applicable accounting
standards and statutory requirements.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
During the Reporting Period, the Articles was amended once, and the relevant proposal was considered and approved at
the 2023 annual general meeting by way of a special resolution on June 30, 2023. In order to modernize the Company’s
Articles and better align with latest legal and regulatory developments and market practices by the Toronto Stock Exchange
(the “TSX”) and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), the Board has put forward the
proposals. The revised Articles became effective from June 30, 2023 after the consideration and approval at the general
meeting, and has been published on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, SEDAR+ and the Company. For
details, please refer to the Company’ announcements dated May 16, 2023 and July 3, 2023.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Right to convene a meeting of shareholders
The general meetings of the Company provide an opportunity for communication between the shareholders and the Board.
Every company having securities listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange must hold its annual meeting of shareholders within
six months from the end of its fiscal year, or at such earlier time as is required by applicable legislation.




32         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Pursuant to Section 167 of the Business Corporations Act, shareholders who hold in the aggregate at least one-twentieth
of the issued shares of the Company that carry a right to vote at general meetings may requisition a general meeting by
delivering a signed written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary at the Company’s principal place of business
at Suite 660, 505 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V7X 1M4 for the purpose of transacting any
business that may be transacted at a general meeting.

Right to put enquiries to the Board
Shareholders have the right to put enquiries to the Board. All enquiries shall be in writing and sent by post to the principal
place of business of the Company at Suite 660, 505 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V7X 1M4, or
by email to info@chinagoldintl.com for the attention of the Company Secretary.

Right to put forward proposals at general meetings
There are no provisions allowing shareholders to propose new resolutions at general meetings under the Business
Corporations Act. However, qualified shareholders (as defined in section 187 of the Business Corporations Act) may put
forward a proposal for the next general meeting pursuant to Part 5, Division 7 of the Business Corporations Act.

INVESTOR RELATIONS AND COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company follows the Shareholders’ Communication Policy of disclosing relevant information to shareholders in a
timely, factual and accurate manner to ensure the information is broadly disseminated in accordance with all applicable
legal and regulatory requirements and shareholders’ views and concerns are addressed. Members of the Board and
senior management meet and communicate with shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company to address
shareholders’ queries. Published meeting materials together with the latest corporate information and news are available
for inspection on the HKEX website, SEDAR+ and Company’s website and hard copy will also be available when requested
by shareholders. Investors can also communicate with the Company through email at ir@chinagoldintl.com. Voting results
are posted on the Company’s website on the day of the annual general meeting.

The Board has reviewed the effectiveness and implementation of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy and was of the
view the Communication Policy remained effective and was implemented effectively to ensure that the Company maintains
long-term effective and good communication with its shareholders.

The Company also published its ESG Report on its website, www.chinagoldintl.com.

The ESG Report communicates to the Company’s stakeholders in a broad manner the relevant environmental, social and
governance initiatives that the Company has made in reference to Appendix C2 of the Listing Rules. The 2023 ESG Report
will be published on the same day as the publication of the Company’s Annual Report.

Our corporate website which contains corporate information, corporate governance practice, interim and annual reports,
news releases, announcements and circulars issued by the Company enables the Company’s shareholders to have timely
and updated information about the Company.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023       33
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
     Results of Operations for the three months and year ended
     December 31, 2023.


     (Stated in U.S. dollars, except as otherwise noted)




FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                 37

THE COMPANY                                                38

OVERVIEW                                                   38

PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS                                     39

SELECTED ANNUAL INFORMATION                                40          SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, ACQUISITIONS

OUTLOOK                                                    41          AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES.
                                                                       ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES,
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                                      42
                                                                       AND FUTURE PLAN FOR MATERIAL
SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA                          42          INVESTMENTS OF CAPITAL ASSETS           59

SELECTED QUARTERLY PRODUCTION                                          CHARGE ON ASSETS                        59
DATA AND ANALYSIS                                          42
                                                                       EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN EXCHANGE
REVIEW OF QUARTERLY DATA                                   44          RATES AND RELATED HEDGES                59

NON-IFRS MEASURES                                          47          COMMITMENTS                             59

MINERAL PROPERTIES                                         49          RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS              60

THE CSH MINE                                               49          PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS                   62

THE JIAMA MINE                                             52          CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES           62

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES                            56          CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES           62

CASH FLOWS                                                 57          FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND

OPERATING CASH FLOW                                        58          OTHER INSTRUMENTS                       62

INVESTING CASH FLOW                                        58          OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS          63

FINANCING CASH FLOW                                        58          DIVIDEND AND DIVIDEND POLICY            63

EXPENDITURES INCURRED                                      58          OUTSTANDING SHARES                      63

GEARING RATIO                                              58          DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
                                                                       AND INTERNAL CONTROL OVER
                                                                       FINANCIAL REPORTING                     64

                                                                       RISK FACTORS                            64

                                                                       QUALIFIED PERSON                        64




34       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND
      ANALYSIS




                       Annual Report 2023   35
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The following Management Discussion and Analysis of financial condition and results of operations (“MD&A”) is prepared
as of March 27, 2024. It should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of
China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. (referred to herein as “China Gold International”, the “Company”, “we”
or “our” as the context may require) for the three months and year ended December 31, 2023 and the three months
and year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. Unless the context otherwise provides, references in this MD&A to
China Gold International or the Company refer to China Gold International and each of its subsidiaries collectively on a
consolidated basis.

The following discussion contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the Company’s plans, objectives, expectations
and intentions, which are based on the Company’s current expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and changes
in circumstances. Readers should carefully consider all of the information set out in this MD&A, including the risks and
uncertainties outlined further in the Company’s Annual Information Form (“Annual Information Form” or “AIF”) dated
March 27, 2024 on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca, www.chinagoldintl.com and www.hkex.com.hk. For further information
on risks and other factors that could affect the accuracy of forward-looking statements and the result of operations of the
Company, please refer to the sections titled “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” and to discussions elsewhere
within this MD&A. China Gold International’s business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and
adversely affected by any of these risks.




36     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                              MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements made herein, other than statements of historical fact relating to the Company, represent forward-looking
information. In some cases, this forward-looking information can be identified by words or phrases such as “may”, “will”,
“expect”, “anticipate”, “contemplates”, “aim”, “estimate”, “intend”, “plan”, “believe”, “potential”, “continue”, “is/are likely
to”, “should” or the negative of these terms, or other similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking information.
This forward-looking information includes, among other things; China Gold International’s production estimates, business
strategies and capital expenditure plans; the development and expansion plans and schedules for the CSH Mine and
the Jiama Mine; China Gold International’s financial condition; the regulatory environment as well as the general industry
outlook; general economic trends in China; and statements respecting anticipated business activities, planned expenditures,
corporate strategies, participation in projects and financing, and other statements that are not historical facts.

By their nature, forward-looking information involves numerous assumptions, both general and specific, which may cause
the actual results, performance or achievements of China Gold International and/or its subsidiaries to be materially different
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward–looking information. Some of
the key assumptions include, among others, the absence of any material change in China Gold International’s operations or
in foreign exchange rates, the prevailing price of gold, copper and other non-ferrous metal products; the absence of lower-
than-anticipated mineral recovery or other production problems; effective income and other tax rates and other assumptions
underlying China Gold International’s financial performance as stated in the Company’s technical reports for its CSH Mine
and Jiama Mine; China Gold International’s ability to obtain regulatory confirmations and approvals on a timely basis;
continuing positive labor relations; the absence of any material adverse effects as a result of political instability, terrorism,
natural disasters, pandemics such as COVID-19, litigation or arbitration and adverse changes in government regulation;
the availability and accessibility of financing to China Gold International; and the performance by counterparties of the
terms and conditions of all contracts to which China Gold International and its subsidiaries are a party. The forward-looking
information is also based on the assumption that none of the risk factors identified in this MD&A or in the AIF that could
cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information actually occurs.

Forward-looking information contained herein as of the date of this MD&A is based on the opinions, estimates and
assumptions of management. There are a number of important risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause
actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described as forward-looking information. China Gold
International disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information,
estimates, opinions or assumptions, future events or results, or otherwise except to the extent required by law. There can
be no assurance that forward-looking information will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ
materially from those anticipated in such statements. The forward-looking information in this MD&A is expressly qualified
by this cautionary statement. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023        37
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




THE COMPANY
Overview
China Gold International is a gold and base metal mining company registered in British Columbia Canada. The Company’s
main business involves the operation, acquisition, development and exploration of gold and base metal properties.

The Company’s principal mining operations are the Chang Shan Hao Gold Mine (“CSH Mine” or “CSH”), located in Inner
Mongolia, China and the Jiama Copper-Gold Polymetallic Mine (“Jiama Mine” or “Jiama”), located in Tibet, China. China
Gold International holds a 96.5% interest in the CSH Mine, while its Chinese joint venture (“CJV”) partner holds the
remaining 3.5% interest. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Jiama Mine, which hosts a large scale copper-gold
polymetallic deposit containing copper, gold, molybdenum, silver, lead and zinc metals.

China Gold International’s common shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) and The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited (“HKSE”) under the symbol CGG and the stock code 2099, respectively. Additional information about
the Company, including the Company’s Annual Information Form, is available on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca as well as Hong
Kong Exchange News at hkexnews.hk.




38     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Performance Highlights
Three months ended December 31, 2023
•   Revenue decreased by 72% to US$71.3 million from US$253.9 million for the same period in 2022.

•   Mine operating loss of US$1.9 million, decreased by US$98.5 million from mine operating earnings of US$96.6
    million for the same period in 2022.

•   Net loss of US$17.5 million decreased by US$66.0 million from net income of US$48.5 million for the same period
    in 2022.

•   Cash flow used in operation of US$20.9 million, decreased from cash flow from operation of US$89.1 million for the
    same period in 2022.

•   Total gold production decreased by 57% to 25,500 ounces from 59,992 ounces for the same period in 2022.

•   Total copper production was 184,077 pounds (approximately 83 tonnes) as limited production at the Jiama mine
    resumed on December 15, 2023. Copper production was 45.1 million pounds (approximately 20,472 tonnes) for
    the same period in 2022.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2023      39
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Year ended December 31, 2023
•    Revenue decreased by 58% to US$459.4 million from US$1,104.9 million for the same period in 2022.

•    Mine operating earnings decreased by 80% to US$80.4 million from US$395.6 million for the same period in 2022.

•    Net loss of US$23.0 million decreased from net income of US$225.4 million for the same period in 2022.

•    Cash flow from operation decreased to US$1.6 million from US$447.3 million for the same period in 2022.

•    Total gold production decreased by 38% to 147,963 ounces from 238,836 ounces for the same period in 2022.

•    Total copper production decreased by 76% to 44.2 million pounds (approximately 20,051 tonnes) from 187.4 million
     pounds (approximately 85,004 tonnes) for the same period in 2022.

The decrease in production and profit was mainly attributed to the suspension of operations of the Jiama Mine since
March 27, 2023 due to the overflow at the Guolanggou tailings pond. As a result of the suspension, the Company did not
record any product sales from the Jiama Mine during the second and third quarter of 2023, with the exception of a minor
amount of molybdenum. Operations began to gradually recommence as of December 15, 2023.

Selected Annual Information*
                                                                   Year ended December 31
                                                  2023           2022           2021             2020            2019

US$ Millions except for per share
Total revenue                                      459          1,105            1,137             864             657
(Loss) income from operations                       32            317              333             154              (3)
Net (loss) profit                                  (23)           225              269             114             (32)
Basic (loss) earnings per share (cents)          (6.43)         56.19            67.44           28.24           (8.28)
Diluted earnings (loss) per share (cents)          N/A            N/A              N/A             N/A             N/A
Total assets                                     2,835          3,195            3,257           3,323           3,197
Total non-current liabilities                      802            653            1,080           1,284             818


*    Prepared under IFRS




40     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                              MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




OUTLOOK
On March 27, 2023, an overflow occurred at the Guolanggou Tailings Dam at Jiama Mine (the “overflow”). The Company
quickly contained and repaired the breach to ensure no damage to the environment or neighbouring communities.
Subsequent to the overflow, Jiama Mine has suspended its operations while the Company conducted a comprehensive safety
assessment of and repair work on its tailings dam with the assistance and supervision of government safety authorities.

The overflow occurred at the top 19th subsequent dyke of the Guolangou Tailings Dam. However, other levels of subsequent
dykes and the starter dyke were also damaged to varying degrees. The Company has conducted a comprehensive inspection
and assessment of all 19 levels of subsequent dykes and the starter dyke of the tailings dam and has made permanent
repairs and reinforcements of the dam. Due to the uncertainty of the date of full resumption of production at Jiama Mine,
the Company withdrew its annual production guidance for 2023 as set out in the announcement of the Company dated
January 20, 2023. On December 15, 2023, certain operations began gradual resumption following the receipt of approval
from the Lhasa Municipal Government. The resumption of operations includes the underground void management and the
restart of the Phase I processing plant of the Jiama Mine with a daily processing capacity of 6,000 tonnes. The tailings
produced from processing operations were backfilled to the underground voids through the backfilling system. The Company
has carried out a plan for the full resumption of operations, and the restart of the Phase I processing plant is the first step
in the overall plan. The repair and reinforcement work at the Guolanggou Tailings Dam has been fully completed, and the
safety assessment report has been completed, awaiting acceptance and approval by the government. The review process
of the subsequent tailings discharge plan is occurring simultaneously. The Company will continue to proceed towards the
resumption of full production on its design capacity at the Jiama Mine.

The open-pit operations at the CSH gold mine are nearing the end of its mine life. With the CSH pit’s increased depth,
the stability of the open pit slopes is becoming more and more prominent in determining the operations plan. Ensuring
slope stability and avoiding systematic risks at this stage are the Company’s top priority to ensure safe and sustainable
production. The CSH Mine reduced the mining rate at the end of the third quarter and in the fourth quarter of 2023 in order
to enhance the management and maintenance of open pit slopes. As of January 4, 2024, the works on slope maintenance
have been completed and the mining activities, including mining, hauling, crushing and heaping, have returned to their
normal operating level. The resumption of full mining activities at the CSH Mine has laid a solid foundation for enhancing
the Company’s financial and production performance in 2024.

The Jiama Mine has gradually resumed production starting from the Phase I processing plant on December 15, 2023,
with a daily processing capacity of 6,000 tonnes of ore. As the resumption of the Phase II processing plant is subject to
the results of the government’s review of the tailings discharge scheme, the timing of resumption is uncertain. Against this
backdrop, the Company reports separate production guidance for the two mines in 2024.

CSH Mine:
•    It is expected that the gold production range will be 106,097 ounces to 112,528 ounces (approximately 3.3 tonnes
     to 3.5 tonnes) in 2024.

Jiama Mine:
•    The Company expects to receive government’s approval for the resumption of operations at the beginning of May
     2024. Upon receipt of the approval, Jiama Mine will resume production at the Phase II plant’s designed processing
     capacity of approximately 34,000 tonnes per day (tpd). Given that the actual timing of the production resumption
     depends on the final date of government’s approval, the annual production guidance is subject to uncertainty.

•    It is expected that the copper production range will be 95.0 million pounds to 98.0 million pounds (approximately
     43,200 tonnes to 44,500 tonnes) in 2024;

•    It is expected that the gold production range will be 42,439 ounces to 45,333 ounces (approximately 1.32 tonnes
     to 1.41 tonnes) in 2024.


                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023       41
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Selected Quarterly Financial Data
                                                                                  Quarter ended
                                                          2023                                               2022
(US$ in thousands except per share)       31-Dec     30-Sep         30-Jun       31-Mar       31-Dec   30-Sept       30-Jun      31-Mar

Revenue                                    71,315     62,325        73,016    252,778        253,904   255,030      291,994     304,021
Cost of sales                              73,219     76,616        79,166    150,068        157,271   179,322      174,304     198,493
Mine operating (loss) earnings             (1,904)   (14,291)       (6,150)   102,710         96,633    75,708      117,690     105,528
General and administrative expenses        10,071     11,399         7,896      9,584         18,390    16,215        8,296       9,949
Exploration and evaluation expenses           393        271            45         35            102        81          256          40
Research and development expenses             867      1,756         1,442      4,642          6,659     7,357        5,470       5,885
(Loss) Income from operations             (13,235)   (27,717)      (15,533)    88,449         71,482    52,055      103,668      89,654
Foreign exchange (loss) gain                 (579)     1,092       (11,679)     3,310          6,007   (16,085)     (11,542)      1,673
Finance costs                               5,651      5,737         6,880      6,706          7,103     7,504        7,943       8,188
(Loss) profit before income tax           (20,476)   (32,440)      (52,907)    87,152         70,603    30,607       90,098      83,956
Income tax (credit) expense                (2,965)    (1,662)          432      8,493         22,083     7,251        8,374      12,155
(Loss) net profit                         (17,511)   (30,778)      (53,339)    78,659         48,520    23,356       81,724      71,801
Basic (loss) earnings per share (cents)     (4.51)     (7.99)       (13.55)     19.62          11.90      5.84        20.48       17.97
Diluted earnings per share (cents)            N/A        N/A           N/A        N/A            N/A       N/A          N/A         N/A


Selected Quarterly Production Data and Analysis
CSH Mine                                                        Three months ended December 31,        Year ended December 31,
                                                                         2023           2022                 2023           2022

Gold sales (US$ million)                                                 49.85               64.60          252.60              267.55
Realized average price (US$) of gold per ounce                           2,024               1,748           1,962               1,806
Gold produced (ounces)                                                  24,290              38,134         128,760             148,164
Gold sold (ounces)                                                      24,626              36,948         128,728             148,153
Total production cost (US$ per ounce)                                    1,611                 975           1,420               1,340
Cash production cost(1) (US$ per ounce)                                  1,303                 642             952                 803


(1)    Non-IFRS measure. See ‘Non-IFRS measures’ section of this MD&A

The CSH Mine reduced the mining rate at the end of the third and fourth quarters of 2023 in order to enhance the
management and maintenance of open pit slopes, which was the primary cause of changes in the fourth quarter of 2023
compared to the respective 2022 period. Gold production at the CSH Mine decreased by 36% to 24,290 ounces for the
three months ended December 31, 2023 compared to 38,134 ounces for the same period in 2022. The total production
cost of gold for the three months ended December 31, 2023 increased by 65% to US$1,611 per ounce compared to
US$975 for the same period in 2022. The cash production cost of gold for the three months ended December 31, 2023
increased by 103% to US$1,303 per ounce from US$642 for the same period in 2022.




42        China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Jiama Mine                                                     Three months ended December 31,                Year ended December 31,
                                                                        2023           2022                         2023           2022

Copper sales (US$ in millions)                                             12.88              131.17               147.28               617.23
Realized average price1 (US$) of copper
   per pound after smelting fee discount                                   2.39                3.20                 3.17                3.31
Copper produced (tonnes)                                                     83              20,472               20,051              85,004
Copper produced (pounds)                                                184,077          45,132,705           44,203,779         187,402,309
Copper sold (tonnes)                                                      2,449              19,809               21,054              84,570
Copper sold (pounds)                                                  5,399,496          43,670,559           46,415,465         186,445,355
Gold produced (ounces)                                                    1,210              21,858               19,203              90,672
Gold sold (ounces)                                                        2,444              21,503               20,208              90,062
Silver produced (ounces)                                                 75,549             756,545              829,973           3,169,403
Silver sold (ounces)                                                    135,324             769,424              858,191           3,168,040
Lead produced (tonnes)                                                        –                   –                    –                   –
Lead produced (pounds)                                                        –                   –                    –                   –
Lead sold (tonnes)                                                            –                   –                    –                   –
Lead sold (pounds)                                                            –                   –                    –                   –
Zinc produced (tonnes)                                                        –                   –                    –                   –
Zinc produced (pounds)                                                        –                   –                    –                   –
Zinc sold (tonnes)                                                            –                   –                    –                   –
Zinc sold (pounds)                                                            –                   –                    –                   –
Moly produced (tonnes)                                                        –                 194                  231                 869
Moly produced (pounds)                                                        –             427,868              509,327           1,916,227
Moly sold (tonnes)                                                            –                 343                  209                 941
Moly sold (pounds)                                                            –             755,254              461,601           2,704,461


Total production cost2 (US$) of copper per pound                             8.04                 3.33                5.17                 3.14
Total production cost2 (US$) of copper
  per pound after by-products credits4                                       6.91                 2.03                3.96                 1.99


Cash production cost3 (US$) per pound of copper                              7.29                 2.64                3.89                 2.47
Cash production cost3 (US$) of copper
  per pound after by-products credits4                                       6.16                 1.35                2.68                 1.33


1    A discount factor of 13.5% to 28.4% is applied to the copper benchmark price to compensate the refinery costs incurred by the buyers. The
     discount factor is higher if the grade of copper in copper concentrate is below 18%. The industry standard of copper in copper concentrate
     is between 18-20%.
2    Production costs include expenditures incurred at the mine sites for the activities related to production including mining, processing, mine
     site G&A and royalties etc.
3    Non-IFRS measure. See ‘Non-IFRS measures’ section of this MD&A
4    By-products credit refers to the sales of gold and silver during the corresponding period.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023            43
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Due to the overflow of the tailings dam on March 27, 2023, production at the Jiama Mine was suspended during most
of 2023. On December 15, 2023, certain operations began gradual resumption following the receipt of approval from the
Lhasa Municipal Government. The resumption of operations includes the underground void management and the restart
of the Phase I processing plant with a daily processing capacity of 6,000 tonnes.

Review of Quarterly Data
Three months ended December 31, 2023 compared to three months ended December 31, 2022
Revenue of US$71.3 million for the fourth quarter of 2023, decreased by US$182.6 million from US$253.9 million for the
same period in 2022.

Revenue from the CSH Mine was US$49.8 million, a decrease of US$14.8 million from US$64.6 million for the same period
in 2022. Realized average gold price increased by 16% from US$1,748/oz in Q4 2022 to US$2,024/oz in Q4 2023. Gold
sold by the CSH Mine was 24,626 ounces (gold produced: 24,290 ounces), compared to 36,948 ounces (gold produced:
38,134 ounces) for the same period in 2022.

Revenue from the Jiama Mine was 21.5 million, a decrease of US$167.8 million, compared to US$189.3 million for the
same period in 2022. Jiama Mine had begun a gradual resumption of production in the fourth quarter of 2023. Realized
average price of copper decreased by 25% from US$3.20/pound in Q4 2022 to US$2.39/pound in Q4 2023. Total copper
sold was 2,449 tonnes (5.4 million pounds) for the three months ended December 31, 2023, a decrease of 88% from
19,809 tonnes (43.7 million pounds) for the same period in 2022.

Cost of sales of US$73.2 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2023, a decrease of US$84.1 million from US$157.3
million for the same period in 2022, mainly due to the suspension of operations at the Jiama Mine.

Mine operating loss of US$1.9 million for the three months ended December 31, 2023, a decrease of US$98.5 million
from mine operating earnings of US$96.6 million for the same period in 2022, mainly due to the suspension of operations
at the Jiama Mine.

General and administrative expenses decreased by US$8.3 million, from US$18.4 million for the quarter ended December
31, 2022 to US$10.1 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to the suspension
of operations at the Jiama Mine.




44     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Research and development expenses of US$0.9 million for the three months ended December 31, 2023, decreased from
US$6.7 million for the comparative 2022 period. The decrease in the fourth quarter of 2023 was mainly due to the
suspension of operations at the Jiama Mine.

Loss from operations of US$13.2 million for the fourth quarter of 2023, decreased by US$84.7 million, compared to an
income of US$71.5 million for the same period in 2022.

Finance costs of US$5.7 million for the three months ended December 31, 2023, decreased by US$1.4 million compared
to US$7.1 million for the same period in 2022. The decrease was primarily due to the reduction in the total amount of
borrowings outstanding.

Foreign exchange loss of US$0.6 million for the three months ended December 31, 2023, decreased from a gain of
US$6.0 million for the same period in 2022. The loss was attributed to changes in the RMB/USD exchange rates and the
revaluation of monetary items held in Chinese RMB.

Interest and other income of US$1.1 million for the three months ended December 31, 2023, increased from US$0.2
million for the same period in 2022, primarily due to the higher government subsidies received during the fourth quarter
compared to the corresponding period last year.

Other expense of US$2.1 million was recognized in Q4 2023. During the quarter, the Company accrued interest on the
estimated litigation compensation arising from the litigation between Huaxin Construction Group Co., Ltd., Zhongxinfang,
and the Company’s subsidiary, Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co. Ltd. Refer to Note 31 Contingencies of the
consolidated financial statements for details.

Income tax credit of US$3.0 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2023, increased by US$25.1 million from an
expense of US$22.1 million for the comparative period in 2022. During the fourth quarter, the Company had US$4.1
million of deferred tax expense compared to US$17.5 million for the same period in 2022.

Net loss of US$17.5 million for the three months ended December 31, 2023, decreased by US$66.0 million from an
income of US$48.5 million for the three months ended December 31, 2022.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2023      45
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Year ended December 31, 2023 compared to year ended December 31, 2022
Revenue of US$459.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, decreased by US$645.5 million from US$1,104.9
million for the same period in 2022.

Revenue from the CSH Mine was US$252.6 million, a decrease of US$14.9 million from US$267.5 million for the same
period in 2022. Realized average gold price increased by 9% from US$1,806/oz in 2022 to US$1,962/oz for the same
period in 2023. Gold sold by the CSH Mine was 128,728 ounces (gold produced: 128,760 ounces), compared to 148,153
ounces (gold produced: 148,164 ounces) for the same period in 2022.

Revenue from the Jiama Mine was US$206.8 million, a decrease of US$630.6 million, compared to US$837.4 million for
the same period in 2022. Realized average price of copper decreased by 4% from US$3.31/pound in 2022 to US$3.17/
pound for the same period in 2023. Total copper sold was 21,054 tonnes (46.4 million pounds) for the year ended
December 31, 2023, a decrease of 75% from 84,570 tonnes (186.4 million pounds) for the same period in 2022. During
the second and third quarters of 2023, the Jiama mine experienced a halt in production due to the overflow of the tailing
dam, resulting in no product sales except for a minor amount of molybdenum sales. However, the mine commenced a
gradual resumption of production in the fourth quarter of 2023.

Cost of sales of US$379.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, a decrease of US$330.3 million from US$709.4
million for the same period in 2022. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue for the Company increased from 64% to
83% for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively, primarily due to the suspension of operations at the
Jiama Mine.

Mine operating earnings of US$80.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, a decrease of 80%, or US$315.2
million, from US$395.6 million for the same period in 2022. Mine operating earnings as a percentage of revenue decreased
from 36% to 18% for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively, primarily due to the suspension of
operations at the Jiama Mine.

General and administrative expenses decreased by US$13.9 million, from US$52.9 million for the year ended December
31, 2022 to US$39.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to the suspension
of operations at the Jiama Mine.




46     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                             MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Research and development expenses of US$8.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, decreased from US$25.4
million for the comparative 2022 period, mainly due to the suspension of operations at the Jiama Mine.

Income from operations of US$32.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, decreased by US$248.9 million,
compared to US$316.9 million for the same period in 2022.

Finance costs of US$25.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, decreased by US$5.7 million compared to
US$30.7 million for the same period in 2022. The decrease was primarily due to the reduction in the total amount of
borrowings outstanding.

Foreign exchange loss of US$7.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, decreased from US$19.9 million for the
same period in 2022. The loss was attributed to changes in the RMB/USD exchange rates and the revaluation of monetary
items held in Chinese RMB.

Interest and other income of US$7.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, decreased from US$9.1 million for
the same period in 2022. This decrease primarily resulted from a reduction in dividends received from China Nonferrous
Mining Corporation Limited in the second quarter of 2023 compared to the previous year.

Other expense of US$24.8 million was incurred in 2023. During the current year, the Company recognized an estimated
litigation compensation of US$24.8 million arising from the litigation between Huaxin Construction Group Co., Ltd.,
Zhongxinfang, and the Company’s subsidiary, Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co. Ltd. Refer to Note 31 Contingencies
of the consolidated financial statements for details.

Income tax expense of US$4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, decreased by US$45.6 million from US$49.9
million for the comparative period in 2022. During the period, the Company had US$23.7 million of deferred tax credit
compared to a deferred tax expense of US$11.5 million for the same period in 2022.

Net loss of US$23.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, decreased by US$248.4 million from an income of
US$225.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022.

NON-IFRS MEASURES
The cash cost of production, cash cost after by-product credits and cash cost per ounce and per pound are measures
that are not in accordance with IFRS.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2023     47
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The Company has included these metrics to supplement its consolidated financial statements, which are presented in
accordance with IFRS. Non-IFRS measures do not have any standardized meaning prescribed under IFRS, and therefore
they may not be comparable to similar measures employed by other companies. The data is intended to provide additional
information and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance, operating results or
financial condition prepared in accordance with IFRS. The Company has included cash production cost per ounce and
per pound data because it understands that certain investors use this information to determine the Company’s ability to
generate earnings and cash flow. The measures are not necessarily indicative of operating results, cash flow from operations,
or financial condition as determined under IFRS.

The following tables provide a reconciliation of cost of sales to the cash costs of production in total dollars and in dollars
per gold ounce for the CSH Mine or per copper pound for the Jiama Mine:

Cash production cost for gold is calculated as total cost of sales adjusted by depreciation and depletion and amortization
of intangible assets. Cash production cost of gold per ounce is calculated as total cash production cost divided by total
gold sold (ounces).

                                                                                   CSH Mine (Gold)
                                                  Three months ended December 31,                         Year ended December 31,
                                                2023                       2022                      2023                       2022
                                                         US$ Per                  US$ Per                   US$ Per                    US$ Per
                                              US$          ounce         US$        ounce          US$         ounce         US$         ounce

Total Cost of sales                     39,668,246       1,611 36,019,554             975 182,798,035         1,420 198,502,365          1,340
Adjustment – Depreciation & depletion   (7,549,248)       (307) (11,816,584)         (320) (59,343,019)        (461) (77,861,557)         (525)

Adjustment – Amortization of
  intangible assets                        (16,265)         (1)     (470,254)         (13)    (862,716)          (7)   (1,717,651)         (12)

Total cash production costs             32,102,733       1,303    23,732,716         642 122,592,300            952 118,923,157           803

Total Gold sold ounces                                  24,626                     36,948                   128,728                    148,153


Cash production cost of gold US$ per ounce calculated as total cash production cost divided by total gold sold ounces

Cash Production cost for copper is calculated as production costs (total cost of sales adjusted by General and administrative
expenses and Research and development expenses) adjusted by depreciation and depletion and amortization of intangible
assets. Cash production cost of copper pound is calculated as total cash production cost divided by total copper sold
(pounds).




48        China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                         Jiama Mine (Copper with by-products credits)
                                                  Three months ended December 31,                               Year ended December 31,
                                                2023                         2022                        2023                         2022
                                                         US$ Per                    US$ Per                        US$ Per                   US$ Per
                                              US$          Pound          US$         Pound            US$            Pound        US$        Pound

Total Cost of sales                     33,550,439         6.21 121,251,481             2.78 196,271,032            4.23 510,887,746             2.74

General and administrative expenses      9,012,112         1.67    17,336,904           0.40    34,811,865          0.75   48,829,454            0.26
Research and development expenses          867,058         0.16     6,658,998           0.15     8,707,418          0.19   25,371,066            0.14

Total production cost                   43,429,609         8.04 145,247,383             3.33 239,790,315            5.17 585,088,266             3.14

Adjustment – Depreciation & depletion   (4,029,491)       (0.75) (20,459,606)          (0.47) (50,281,408)         (1.08) (85,721,234)          (0.46)
Adjustment – Amortization of
  intangible assets                              –            –    (9,401,809)         (0.22)   (9,493,836)        (0.20) (39,630,017)          (0.21)

Total cash production costs             39,400,118         7.29 115,385,968             2.64 180,015,071            3.89 459,737,015             2.47

By-products credits                     (6,127,061)       (1.13) (56,534,460)          (1.29) (56,157,793)         (1.21) (213,143,306)         (1.14)

Total cash production costs
   after by-products credits            33,273,057         6.16    58,851,508           1.35 123,857,278            2.68 246,593,709             1.33

Total Copper sold pounds                              5,399,496                  43,670,559                   46,415,465                  186,445,355


Cash production cost of copper US$ per pound calculated as total cash production cost divided by total copper sold pounds

MINERAL PROPERTIES
The CSH Mine
The CSH Mine is located in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region of China (Inner Mongolia). The property hosts two low-
grade, near surface gold deposits, along with other mineralized prospects. The main deposit is called the Northeast Zone
(the “Northeast Zone”), while the second, smaller deposit is called the Southwest Zone (the “Southwest Zone”).

The CSH Mine is owned and operated by Inner Mongolia Pacific Mining Co. Limited, a Chinese Joint Venture in which the
Company holds a 96.5% interest and Ningxia Nuclear Industry Geological Exploration Institution holds the remaining 3.5%.

The CSH Mine is an open-pit mining operations with a designed mining and processing capacity of 60,000 tpd. In July
2019, CSH updated its mine plan based on a result of latest ultimate limit optimization, in which the production rate was
reduced to 40,000 t/d with a life of mine (“LoM”) of seven years as of 2019. The run-of-mine ore is heap leached with
cyanide solution to extract gold and electro-winned to produce a gold dore which is sold to refiners. In June 2020, the
operation of southwest pit ended.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023             49
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The open-pit operations at the CSH gold mine are nearing the end of its mine life. With the increase in the pit’s depth, the
height and exposed area of the pit wall have increased, and the stability of the open pit slopes is becoming more and more
prominent in determining the operations plan. Ensuring slope stability and avoiding systematic risks at this stage is the
Company’s top priority to ensure safe and sustainable production. To ensure production safety, the Company reduced the
mining volume at the end of the third and fourth quarters of 2023 in order to enhance the management and maintenance
of slopes. Ore stripping, as well as heap leach and processing plant processes, will continue to operate as usual during
the mining volume adjustment period.

The Company continues to evaluate the potential for underground operations.

The major new contracts entered into during the year ended December 31, 2023:

                                                                                             Contract period
                                                                                             (effective day
Item                                                                         Subject amount and expiration      Date of
No. Contract Name                          Counterpart                       (US $ millions) date)              Contract

1    2023-2025 Open-pit Mining           China National Gold         Estimated:               2023.1.1-         2023.4.26
       and Striping Engineering            Engineering Corporation     128.3                    2025.12.31
       Contract of Inner Mongolia
       Pacific Mining Co., Ltd.
2    Supply Agreement of 10,800 tons Inner Mongolia Chengxin         Estimated:               2023.2.19-        2023.2.19
       of liquid Sodium Cyanide in 2023 Yong’an Chemicals Co., Ltd.    6.3                      2023.5.19
3    Supplementary Contract for          China Railway 19TH Bureau   Estimated:               2023.1.1-1.31     2023.3.3
       Open-pit Mining and Stripping       Group Mining Investment     6.8
       Engineering of CSH Gold Mine        Co.,Ltd.
       Expansion Project of Inner
       Mongolia Pacific Mining Co., Ltd.
4    Supply Agreement of 10,800 tons Inner Mongolia Chengxin         Estimated:               2023.6.19-        2023.6.18
       of liquid Sodium Cyanide in 2023 Yong’an Chemicals Co., Ltd.    5.1                      2023.9.19
5    Supply Agreement of 36,000 tons Inner Mongolia Chengxin         Estimated:               2023.11-          2023.11.4
       of liquid Sodium Cyanide in 2023 Yong’an Chemicals Co., Ltd. “ 16.3                      2024.12
       to 2024




50     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                            MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Production Update
CSH Mine                                              Three months ended December 31,        Year ended December 31,
                                                               2023           2022                 2023           2022

Ore mined and placed on pad (tonnes)                               –         2,006,536       9,969,641        13,015,192
Average ore grade (g/t)                                            –              0.64            0.53              0.63
Recoverable gold (ounces)                                          –            24,808         102,702           158,670
Ending gold in process (ounces)                              143,995           168,405         143,995           168,405
Waste rock mined (tonnes)                                          –         4,749,223      18,304,384        16,789,856


For the year ended December 31, 2023, the total amount of ore placed on the leach pad was 10.0 million tonnes, with
total contained gold of 102,702 ounces (3,194.4 kilograms). The overall accumulative project-to-date gold recovery rate
has remained at approximately 56.26% at the end of December 31, 2023 from 55.66% at the end of September 30,
2023. Of which, gold recovery from the phase I and phase II heap leach pads were 59.77% and 53.96% at December
31, 2023, respectively.

Exploration
As of December 31, 2023, a diamond drilling exploration program in the mining permit area has been completed with the
total meterage of 1,290.78 and 3 holes. The preparation of the mineral reserve update report is ongoing. Additionally, a
diamond drilling exploration program in the exploration permit area has been completed with the total meterage of 4,172.14
and 4 holes. The sample assay reports have been received. The exploration updated report preparation is ongoing.

Mineral Resource Update
CSH Mine Mineral Resources by category, at December 31, 2023 under NI 43-101 are listed below:

                          Mineral                          Tonnage                                   Metal
Location                  Resource Category               (x1000 t)           Au (g/t)            Au (t)         Au (Moz)

Remaining within the      Measured                          16,131              0.63              10.08              0.32
  open pit limit at a     Indicated                         17,239              0.68              11.76              0.38
  cut-off grade of        M+I                               33,370           0.65583              21.89              0.70
  0.28 g/t Au             Inferred                           4,301              0.41               1.74              0.06

Underground at a          Measured                          88,200               0.67            58.66               1.89
 cut-off grade of         Indicated                         89,850               0.58            52.07               1.67
 0.30 g/t Au              M+I                              178,050               0.62           110.73               3.56
                          Inferred                          62,090               0.49            30.68               0.99




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023      51
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Note: Mineral Resources are reported in relation to a conceptual open-pit mining and underground block caving mining. Mineral Resources are not
        Mineral Reserves and do not have demonstrated economic viability. All figures are rounded to reflect the relative accuracy of the estimate.
        Raw assays have been capped. Mineral Resources include Mineral Reserves.
        Mineral Resources are reported at a cut-off grade of 0.28 g/t Au for open-pit mining, based on the following parameters; the heap leaching
        & metallurgical recovery of 60% and gold bullion market price of USD1,980 per ounce. Additional Mineral Resources are reported at a
        cut-off grade of 0.30 g/t Au for underground block caving mining, based on the following parameters: the heap leaching & metallurgical
        recovery of 60% and gold bullion market price of USD1,980 per ounce. USD1.0000=RMB6.3457 dated in April 2022, and one troy ounce
        is equal to 31.1035 grams.
        Resource Estimate by CGME Consulting Limited on August 19, 2022 and updated by Gerald Guo, P.Eng., a qualified person as defined
        by NI 43-101.

Mineral Reserves Update
CSH Mine Mineral Reserves by category at December 31, 2023 under NI 43-101 are summarized below:

                                                                                                                      Metal
Type                                                    T (x 1,000)            Diluted Au g/t                       Au t                  Au Moz

Proven                                                       16,131                       0.63                    10.08                      0.32
Probable                                                     17,239                       0.68                    11.76                      0.38

Total                                                        33,370                       0.65                    21.84                      0.70


Note: Mineral Reserves are reported based on the optimized ultimate open pit limit. All figures are rounded to reflect the relative accuracy of the
        estimate. Mineral Reserves are included in Mineral Resources.
        Mineral Reserves are reported at a cut-off grade of 0.28 g/t Au for open-pit mining, based on the following parameters: the heap leaching
        & metallurgical recovery of 60% and gold bullion market price of USD1,568 per ounce. USD1.0000=RMB6.3457 dated in April 2022, and
        one troy ounce is equal to 31.1035 grams
        Reserve Estimate by CGME Consulting Limited on August 19, 2022 and updated by Gerald Guo, P.Eng., a qualified person as defined by
        NI 43-101.

The Jiama Mine
Jiama is a large copper-gold polymetallic deposit containing copper, gold, silver, molybdenum, lead and zin, located in
the Gandise metallogenic belt in Tibet Autonomous Region of China.

The Jiama Mine has both underground mining and open-pit mining operations. Phase I of the Jiama Mine commenced
operation in the latter half of 2010 and reached its design capacity of 6,000 tpd in early 2011. Phase II of the Jiama Mine
commenced mining operations in 2018 with 44,000 tpd design capacity. The combined mining and processing capacity
at the Jiama Mine is 50,000 tpd.




52        China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The major new contracts entered into during the year ended December 31, 2023:

                                                                                                                    Contract period
                                                                                                                    (effective day
Item                                                                                            Subject amount      and expiration    Date of
No. Contract Name                                    Counterpart                                (US $ millions)     date)             Contract

1    Sodium hydrosulfide Purchase Contract           Shandong Xingtai Chemical Co., Ltd         Estimated: 3.0      2023.5-2024.5     2023.5
2    Contract for loans of working capital           Industrial Bank Corporation Lhasa Branch   Estimated: 26.6     2023.6-2026.6     2023.6
3    Contract for Ecological Restoration             The Second Geological Brigade of Tibet     Estimated: 4.2      2023.4-2024.4     2023.4
       Project (Section 3) in 2022                      Autonomous Region Geological and
                                                        Mineral Development Bureau
4    Contract for Underground Drilling               Qinhuangdao Huakan Geological              Estimated: 4.3      2023.4-2026.2     2023.4
       Engineering Project in Jiama Mining              engineering Co., Ltd
       Area from 2023 to 2025
5    Mechanical Equipment Rental                     Sichuan Haotianyu Construction             Estimated: 11.9     2023.2-2025.1     2023.2
       Project Contract                                 Machinery Leasing Co., Ltd
6    Contract for loans of working capital           Tibet Autonomous Region Branch of          Estimated: 55.4     2023.6-2026.6     2023.6
                                                        China Construction Bank Corporation
7    Contract for loans of working capital           Lhasa Chengguan District Sub branch of     Estimated: 41.5     2023.6-2026.6     2023.6
                                                        Agricultural Bank of China Co., Ltd
8    Ecological Restoration Project (Section 1) in   China National Gold Group Corporation      Estimated: 4.7      2023.3-2024.3     2023.3
        2022                                            Construction Co., Ltd
9    Tripartite Cooperation Agreement for            Tibet Autonomous Region Branch of          Estimated: 6.9      2023.1-2025.1     2023.1
        “Factoring e-Finance” Business                 Agricultural Bank of China Co., Ltd
10   Contract for loans of working capital           China Gold Finance                         Estimated: 55.4     2023.6-2026.6     2023.6
11   Contract for Niumatang Heavy Metal              Henan Tianfang Construction                Estimated: 3.5      2023.4-2023.6     2023.4
       Ion Acid Water Treatment Project                Engineering Co., Ltd
12   Contract for loans of working capital           Mozhugonka County Sub branch of            Estimated: 13.8     2023.6-2026.6     2023.6
                                                       Agricultural Bank of China Co., Ltd
13   Contract for Ecological Restoration Project     North China Nonferrous Engineering         Estimated: 4.4      2023.4-2024.4     2023.4
       (Section 2) in 2022                               Survey Institute Co., Ltd
14   Contract for Emergency Drainage and             Jilin Huaye Environmental                  Estimated: 3.7      2023.9-2023.12    2023.9
       Reinforcement Engineering of                      Management Co., Ltd
       Guolanggou Tailings Pond
15   contract for loans of working capital           Tibet Autonomous Region Branch of          Estimated: 14.1     2023.10-2026.10 2023.10
                                                        China Construction Bank Corporation
16   Contract for Initial Dam Reinforcement          Zhejiang Huaye Mining and                  Estimated: 18.2     2023.10-2024.7    2023.10
       Project of Guolanggou Tailings Pond              Construction Group Co., Ltd




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023        53
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                                                                     Contract period
                                                                                                                     (effective day
Item                                                                                             Subject amount      and expiration    Date of
No. Contract Name                                 Counterpart                                    (US $ millions)     date)             Contract

17   Contract for the Construction of the “Pressure Yunnan Jiantou Mining Engineering Co., Ltd   Estimated: 3.4      2023.11-2024.2    2023.11
       Air Self rescue and Water Supply
       Rescue” System for the 4300m Mining
       Project of Jiama Copper Polymetallic Mine
18   Entrusted Loan                                 China Gold Group Finance Co., Ltd            Estimated: 28.3     2023.12-2024.1    2023.12
19   Cement procurement contract                    Lhasa Tengda Trading Co., Ltd                Estimated: 4.8      2024.1-2025.1     2023.12


Production Update
Jiama Mine                                                      Three months ended December 31,               Year ended December 31,
                                                                         2023           2022                        2023           2022

Ore processed (tonnes)                                                     43,392           4,205,307             4,280,227        17,446,643
Average copper ore grade (%)                                                 0.89                0.57                  0.56              0.57
Copper recovery rate (%)                                                       69                  85                    85                85
Average gold grade (g/t)                                                     0.39                0.23                  0.21              0.23
Gold recovery rate (%)                                                         68                  69                    68                69
Average silver grade (g/t)                                                  23.99                9.34                  9.57              8.95
Silver recovery rate (%)                                                       56                  60                    63                63
Average Moly grade (%)                                                          –               0.023                 0.029             0.027
Moly recovery rate (%)                                                          –               14.64                 18.64             18.75


Production was halted during 2023 at the Jiama Mine, with limited resumption of the Phase I area as of December 15, 2023.

Exploration
In 2023, Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co., Ltd. planned to implement two geological exploration projects, namely
detailed exploration of copper and lead project outside the current mining area of the Jiama Mine and prospecting of copper
project in Bayi Farm, with a designed workload of 15,370 m of 20 holes for surface drilling, 37.31 km2 for geological
prospecting, 26 km2 for soil sampling and 26 km2 for rock sampling with an estimated total budget of RMB34.47 million.
The temporary land usage permit for geology prospecting has been issued, however, the geological prospecting program
has been temporarily suspended due to the impact of the tailings dam overflow.




54      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Mineral Resources Estimate
Jiama Mine resources by category as of December 31, 2023 under NI 43-101:

                                                   Jiama Project – Cu, Mo, Pb, Zn, Au, and Ag Mineral Resources under NI 43-101
                                                      Reported at a 0.3% Cu Equivalent Cut off grade*, as of December 31, 2023
                 Quantity                                                                         Cu Metal Mo Metal Pb Metal         Zn Metal
Class                 Mt        Cu %     Mo %        Pb %         Zn %      Au g/t       Ag g/t         (kt)       (kt)       (kt)       (kt)   Au Moz   Ag Moz

Measured           91.66         0.38     0.04       0.04        0.02        0.07        5.04     348.91       33.62         33.5       16.8      0.21    14.84
Indicated        1311.73         0.40     0.03       0.05        0.03        0.10        5.48    5194.71      451.15        613.1      380.0      4.17   231.00
M+I              1403.39         0.40     0.03       0.05        0.03        0.10        5.45    5543.61      484.77        646.6      396.8      4.39   245.85
Inferred          406.10         0.31     0.03       0.08        0.04        0.10        5.13     1247.0       123.0        311.0      175.0      1.32    66.93


Note: Figures reported are rounded which may result in small tabulation errors.
         The prices of Cu, Mo, Pb, Zn, Au and Ag are US$2.9/lbs; US$15.5/lbs; US$2.9/lbs; US$0.95/lbs; US$1,300/oz and $20/oz respectively.
         The Copper Equivalent basis for the reporting of resources has been compiled on the following basis:
         CuEq Grade: = (Ag Grade * Ag Price + Au Grade * Au Price + Cu Grade * Cu Price + Pb Grade * Pb Price +
                            Zn Grade * Zn Price + Mo Grade * Mo Price)/Copper Price
         The Mineral Resources include the Mineral Reserves
         Original Resource Estimate by Runge Pincock Minarco on 12th November of 2012 and updated by Gerald Guo, P.Eng, a Qualified Person
         as defined by NI 43-101.

Mineral Reserves Estimate
Jiama Mine reserves by category as of December 31, 2023 under NI 43-101:

                                              Jiama Project Statement of NI 43-101 Mineral Reserve Estimate as of December 31, 2023
                 Quantity                                                                       Cu Metal Mo Metal Pb Metal Zn Metal
Class                 Mt        Cu %     Mo %       Pb %         Zn %        Au g/t    Ag g/t         (kt)        (kt)       (kt)   (kt)        Au Moz   Ag Moz

Proven             17.54         0.60     0.05       0.02        0.02        0.19        7.66     104.93        8.83          4.0        2.7      0.11     4.32
Probable          338.43         0.60     0.03       0.13        0.07        0.16       10.38    2018.63      116.37        427.7      236.2      1.73   112.98
P+P               355.98         0.60     0.04       0.12        0.07        0.16       10.25    2123.57      125.21        431.7      238.9      1.83   117.30


Notes:
1.       All Mineral Reserves have been estimated in accordance with the JORC code and have been reconciled to CIM standards as prescribed by
         the NI 43-101.
2.       Mineral Reserves were estimated using the following mining and economic factors:
         Open Pits:
         a)    5% dilution factor and 95% recovery were applied to the mining method;
         b)    an overall slope angles of 43 degrees;
         c)    The prices of Cu, Mo, Pb, Zn, Au and Ag are US$2.9/lbs; US$15.5/lbs; US$2.9/lbs; US$0.95/lbs; US$1,300/oz and $20/oz respectively;
         d)    an overall processing recovery of 88 – 90% for copper.




                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023          55
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Underground:
     a)      10% dilution added to all Sub-Level Open Stoping;
     b)      Stope recovery is 87% for Sub-Level Open Stoping;
     c)      An overall processing recovery of 88 – 90% for copper.
3.   The cut-off grade for Mineral Reserves has been estimated at copper equivalent grades of 0.3% Cu (NSR) for the open pits and 0.45% Cu
     (NSR) for the underground mine.
4.   The Mineral Reserves are inclusive of the Mineral Resources.
5.   Original Reserve Estimate by Mining One Consultants on 20th November 2013, and updated by Gerald Guo, P.Eng, a qualified person as
     defined by NI 43-101.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The Company operates in a capital intensive industry. The Company’s liquidity requirements arise principally from the need
for financing its mining and mineral processing operations, exploration activities and acquisition of exploration and mining
rights. The Company’s principal sources of funds have been proceeds from borrowings from commercial banks, corporate
bonds financing, equity financings, and cash generated from operations. The Company’s liquidity primarily depends on
its ability to generate cash flow from its operations and to obtain external financing to meet its debt obligations as they
become due, as well as the Company’s future operating and capital expenditure requirements.

At December 31, 2023, the Company had an accumulated surplus of US$380.4 million, working capital of US$170.8
million and borrowings of US$766.5 million. The Company’s cash balance at December 31, 2023 was US$97.2 million.

Management believes that its forecast operating cash flows are sufficient to cover the next twelve months of the Company’s
operations including its planned capital expenditures and current debt repayments. The Company’s borrowings are
comprised of US$143.5 million of short term debt facilities with interest rates ranging from 1.95% to 6.36% per annum
arranged through various banks overseas. In addition, on November 3, 2015, the Company entered into a Loan Facility
agreement with a syndicate of banks, led by Bank of China. The lenders agreed to lend an aggregate principal amount of
RMB3.98 billion, approximately US$613 million with the interest rate of 2.83% per annum. The People’s Bank of China
Lhasa Center Branch’s interest rate serves as a local benchmark for the interest on the drawdowns. The bank’s interest
rate is then discounted by 7 basis points (or 0.07%) to calculate the interest on the drawdowns. The loan interest rate
was adjusted from benchmark interest rate minus 7 basis points to 5 year loan prime rate (“LPR”) less 2% (LPR-2%)
in second quarter of 2020. The interest rate of 2.2% shall be applied for the current year. The proceeds from the Loan
Facility are to be used for the development of the Jiama Mine. The loan is secured by the mining rights for the Jiama
Mine. As of December 31, 2023 the Company has drawn down RMB3.79 billion, approximately US$537.8 million under
the Loan Facility. On April 29, 2020, the Company entered into a Loan Facility agreement with a syndicate of banks.
The lenders agreed to lend an aggregate principal amount of RMB1.4 billion, approximately US$197.8 million with the
interest rate of 2.3% per annum currently, maturing on April 28, 2034. The Company obtained a loan in the aggregate
principal amount of RMB400 million, approximately US$61.7 million, with China Development Bank bearing interest at
the People’s Bank of China Loan Market Quote Rate (1 year) minus 2.65% on April 30, 2020. The current interest rate
of the loan is 1.05% per annum.




56        China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                             MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The Company obtained a loan in the aggregate principal amount of RMB300 million, approximately US$41.5 million, with
Lhasa Chengguan District Sub branch of Agricultural Bank of China Co. Ltd bearing interest at 2.05% on May 31, 2023.
The Company obtained a loan in the aggregate principal amount of RMB400 million, approximately US$55.4 million, with
China National Gold Group Finance Corporation bearing interest at the 2.05% on May 31, 2023. The Company obtained a
loan in the aggregate principal amount of US$44.0 million with China Construction Bank (Asia) Corporation Limited bearing
floating interest with term SOFR on June 8, 2023. The Company obtained a loan in the aggregate principal amount of
US$35.0 million with DBS Bank Ltd bearing floating interest with term SOFR on June 13, 2023. The Company obtained a
loan in the aggregate principal amount of RMB400 million, approximately US$55.4 million, with Tibet Autonomous Region
Branch of China Construction Bank bearing interest at the 2.05% on June 13, 2023. The Company obtained a loan in the
aggregate principal amount of RMB192 million, approximately US$26.6 million, with Industrial Bank Corporation Lhasa
Branch bearing interest at the 1.95% on June 25, 2023. The Company obtained a loan in the aggregate principal amount
of RMB100 million, approximately US$13.8 million, with Mozhugonka County Sub-branch of Agricultural Bank of China
bearing interest at the 1.95% on June 26, 2023. The Company repaid its 2.8% unsecured bonds which matured on June
23, 2023. The Company obtained a loan in the aggregate principal amount of RMB100 million, approximately US$14.1
million, with China Construction Bank bearing interest at the 1.85% on November 9, 2023. The Company obtained a loan
in the aggregate principal amount of RMB380 million, approximately US$53.7 million, with CNG Finance bearing interest
at the 2.45% on November 30, 2023.

The Company believes that the availability of debt financing in China at favorable rates will continue for the foreseeable
future. The Company continues to review and assess its assets for impairment as part of its financial reporting processes. To
date, the assessment carried out by the Company support the carrying values of the Company’s assets and no impairment
has been required. However, the management of the Company continues to evaluate key assumptions on estimates and
management judgements in order to determine the recoverable amount of the CSH Mine and the Jiama Mine.

CASH FLOWS
The following table sets out selected cash flow data from the Company’s consolidated cash flow statements for the years
ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022.

                                                                                           Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2023              2022
                                                                                             US$’000            US$’000

Net cash from operating activities                                                              1,574               447,279
Net cash used in investing activities                                                        (121,302)              (33,338)
Net cash used in financing activities                                                        (205,233)             (185,312)
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                                         (324,961)              228,629
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                           (6,255)               (8,304)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                428,453               208,128

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                       97,237               428,453




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023       57
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Operating cash flow
For the year ended December 31, 2023, net cash inflow from operating activities was US$1.6 million which is primarily
attributable (i) depreciation of property, plant and equipment of US$107.0 million (ii) finance cost of US$25.0 million
and (iii) amortization of mining rights of US$10.4 million, partially offset by (i) income taxes paid of US$41.5 million (ii)
decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of US$39.2 million (iii) interest paid of US$21.0 million and (iv)
environmental rehabilitation expenses paid of US$10.4 million..

Investing cash flow
For the year ended December 31, 2023, the net cash outflow from investing activities was US$121.3 million which is
primarily attributable to (i) placement of restricted deposits of US$68.0 million and (ii) payment for acquisition of property,
plant and equipment of US$59.4 million, partially offset by (i) interest received of US$4.5 million, (ii) dividend received
of US$2.0 million and (iii) release of restricted bank deposits of US$1.5 million.

Financing cash flow
For the year ended December 31, 2023, the net cash outflow mainly from financing activities was US$205.2 million which
is primarily attributable to proceeds from borrowings of US$316.3 million and (ii) proceeds from entrusted loan of US$28.4
million partially offset by (i) repayment of borrowings of US$401.5 million (ii) dividend paid to shareholders of US$146.7
million and (iii) dividend paid to a minority shareholder of US$1.1 million.

Expenditures Incurred
For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company incurred mining costs of US$43.3 million, mineral processing costs
of US$75.2 million and transportation costs of US$1.7 million.

Gearing ratio
Gearing ratio is defined as the ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated total equity. As at December 31, 2023, the
Company’s total debt was US$766.5 million and the total equity was US$1,727.7 million. The Company’s gearing ratio
was therefore 0.44 as at December 31, 2023 compared to 0.42 as at September 30, 2023.




58      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                            MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES. ASSOCIATES
AND JOINT VENTURES, AND FUTURE PLAN FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OF CAPITAL
ASSETS
Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this MD&A or in the annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2023, there were no significant investments held by the Company, nor were there any material acquisitions
or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the year ended December 31, 2023. Other than as
disclosed in this MD&A, there was no plan authorized by the Board for other material investments or additions of capital
assets at the date of this MD&A.

CHARGE ON ASSETS
Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this MD&A and consolidated financial statements, none of the Company’s assets
were pledged as at December 31, 2023.

EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN EXCHANGE RATES AND RELATED HEDGES
The Company is exposed to the financial risk related to the fluctuation of foreign exchange rates for the monetary assets
and liabilities denominated in the currencies other than the functional currencies to which they relate. The Company has
not hedged its exposure to currency fluctuation. However, the Management monitors foreign exchange exposure and will
consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise. Refer to Note 33, Financial Instruments, in
the annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023.

COMMITMENTS
Commitments include principal payments on the Company’s bank loans and syndicated loan facility, corporate bonds,
and capital commitments in respect of the future acquisition of property, plant and equipment and construction for both
the CSH Mine and the Jiama Mine.

The Company’s capital commitments relate primarily to the payments for purchase of equipment and machinery for both
mines and payments to third-party contractors for the provision of mining and exploration engineering work and mine
construction work for both mines. The Company has entered into contracts that prescribe such capital commitments;
however, liabilities relating to them have not yet been incurred. Refer to Note 34, Commitments, in the annual consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023.

On June 24, 2020, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Skyland Mining (BVI) Limited, issued bonds
denominated in U.S. dollar, with an aggregate principal amount of US$300 million. The Bonds were issued at a price of
99.886%, bearing a coupon of 2.8% per annum with a maturity date of June 23, 2023. Interest is payable in semi-annual
installments on December 23 and June 23 of each year. The bonds were listed on HKSE and Chongwa (Macao) Financial
Asset Exchange (“MOX”). The Bonds were fully repaid on June 23, 2023.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023      59
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The following table outlines payments for commitments for the periods indicated:

                                                                              Within         Within Two              Over
                                                              Total         One year       to five years       five years
                                                           US$’000          US$’000            US$’000          US$’000

Principal repayment of bank loans                          738,234          143,523           491,127           103,584
Entrusted loan payable                                      28,238                –            28,238                 –


In addition to the table set forth above, the Company has entered into service agreements with third-party contractors
such as China Railway for the provision of mining and exploration engineering work and mine construction work for the
CSH Mine. The fees for such work performed and to be performed each year varies depending on the amount of work
performed. The Company has similar agreements with third party contractors for the Jiama Mine.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. (formerly known as China National Gold Group Corporation) (“CNG”) owned 40.01
percent of the outstanding common shares of the Company as at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023.

The Company had major related party transactions with the following companies related by way of shareholders or
shareholder in common:

The Company’s subsidiary, Inner Mongolia Pacific is a party to a non-exclusive contract for the purchase and sale of doré
with CNG (the “Dore Sales Contract”) pursuant to which Inner Mongolia Pacific sells gold doré bars to CNG. The pricing
is based on the monthly average price of gold ingot as quoted on the Shanghai Gold Exchange and the daily average price
of silver as quoted on the Shanghai Huatong Platinum & Silver Exchange prevailing at the time of each relevant purchase
order during the contract period. The Dore Sales Contract has been in effect since October 24, 2008 and was renewed
for a new term that commenced on January 1, 2018 and expired on December 31, 2020, which renewal was approved by
the Company’s shareholders on June 28, 2017. On June 16, 2020, the third Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale
of Dore was approved by the Company’s Shareholders, commencing on January 1, 2021 and expiring on December 31,
2023. On June 29, 2023, the fourth supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Dore was approved by the Company’s
Shareholders, commencing on January 1, 2024 and expiring on December 31, 2026.

Revenue from sales of gold doré bars to CNG was US$252.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 which decreased
from US$267.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022.




60     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                             MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The Company is also a party to a Product and Service Framework Agreement with CNG, pursuant to which CNG provides
construction, procurement and equipment financing services to the Company and also purchases the copper concentrates
produced at the Jiama Mine. The quantity of copper concentrates, pricing terms and payment terms may be established
from time to time by the parties with reference to the pricing principles for connected transactions set out under the Product
and Service Framework Agreement. On June 28, 2017, the Supplemental Product and Service Framework Agreement was
approved and extended to expire on December 31, 2020. On June 16, 2020, the third Supplemental Product and Service
Framework Agreement was approved by the Company’s Shareholders, commencing on January 1, 2021 and expiring on
December 31, 2023. On June 29, 2023, the fourth Supplemental Product and Service Framework Agreement was approved
by the Company’s Shareholders, commencing on January 1, 2024 and expiring on December 31, 2026. For the year
ended December 31, 2023, revenue from sales of copper concentrate and other products to CNG was US$190.9 million
compared to US$794.5 million for the same period in 2022.

For the year ended December 31, 2023, construction services of US$62.9 million were provided to the Company by
subsidiaries of CNG (US$12.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022).

In addition to the aforementioned major related party transactions, the Company also obtains additional services from related
parties in its normal course of business, including a Loan Agreement and a Deposit Services Agreement entered into on
March 25, 2019, December 31, 2019, December 22, 2020 and a Financial Service Agreement on May 5, 2021 among
the Company and China Gold Finance. As part of the 2021 Financial Service Agreement, approved by the Company’s
Shareholders at the Company’s 2021 Annual General Meeting, China Gold Finance agreed to provide the Company with
a range of financial services including (a) Deposit Services, (b) Lending Services, (c) Settlement Services and (d) Other
Financial Services effective until December 31, 2023.

Refer to Note 30 of the audited annual consolidated financial statements for details of significant related party transactions
during the year ended December 31, 2023.

2023 Annual Cap for 2021 Financial Services Agreement Exceeded;

Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated May 6, 2021 (the “CCT Announcement”) in relation to,
among other things, the provision of deposit services to the Company and its PRC subsidiaries under the financial services
agreement between the Company and China Gold Finance from the date of approval by the Independent Shareholders
(i.e. June 30, 2021) to December 31, 2023. Unless otherwise defined, capitalised terms in this sub-section shall have the
same meanings as defined in the CCT Announcement.

In the course of preparing the condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended June 30, 2023, it
came to the Company’s attention that the daily deposit balance under the Deposit Services exceeded the Deposit cap of
RMB3,000 million from February 23, 2023 to April 26, 2023, with the highest daily deposit balance during such period
being approximately RMB562 million over the Deposit Cap (the “Exceeding of the Cap”). The Exceeding of the Cap was
due to an increase in operating cash flow.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023       61
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




As soon as the Company became aware of the Exceeding of the Cap, the Company took steps to reduce deposits placed
with China Gold Finance to a level within the Deposit Cap. Since April 27, 2023, the daily deposit balance has been kept
within the Deposit Cap and the Company ensured that the daily deposit balance remains within the Deposit Cap for the rest
of the term of the 2021 Financial Services Agreement. The Company has discussed the Exceeding of the Cap with China
Gold Finance and continued to maintain regular communication with China Gold Finance going forward. The Company
did not intend to revise the Deposit Cap for the year ending December 31, 2023.

PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS
The Board of Directors has given the Company approval to conduct reviews of a number of projects that may qualify as
acquisition targets through joint venture, merger and/or outright acquisitions. The Company did not have any material
acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies for the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company
continues to review possible acquisition targets.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies, the Directors of the Company have identified accounting
judgments and key sources of estimation uncertainty that have a significant effect on the amounts recognized in the audited
annual consolidated financial statements.

Key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of each reporting period
that have a risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next twelve
months are described in Note 4 of the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2023.

CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
A summary of new and revised IFRS standards and interpretations are outlined in Note 2 of the audited annual consolidated
financial statements as at December 31, 2023.

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS
The Company holds a number of financial instruments, the most significant of which are equity securities, accounts
receivables, accounts payables, cash and loans. The financial instruments are recorded at either fair values or amortized
amount on the balance sheet. The Company did not have any financial derivatives or outstanding hedging contracts as
at December 31, 2023.




62     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                            MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
As at December 31, 2023, the Company had not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements.

DIVIDEND AND DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company is committed to providing sustainable returns to its shareholders. The Board of Directors determine dividends
on an annual basis based on, among other things, the results of operations, cash flows and financial conditions, operating
and capital requirements, the rules promulgated by the regulators affecting dividends in both Canada and China and at
both the TSX and HKSE, and the amount of distributable profits and other relevant factors.

Subject to the British Columbia Business Corporations Act, the Directors may from time to time declare and authorize
payment of such dividends as they may deem advisable, including the amount thereof and the time and method of payment
provided that the record date for the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to receive payment of the dividend must
not precede the date on which the dividend is to be paid by more than two months.

A dividend may be paid wholly or partly by the distribution of cash, specific assets or of fully paid shares or of bonds,
debentures or other securities of the Company, or in any one or more of those ways. No dividend may be declared or
paid in money or assets if there are reasonable grounds for believing that the Company is insolvent or the payment of the
dividend would render the Company insolvent.

In connection with the Company’s financial results for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company declared a
special dividend of US$0.37 per common share which was paid on June 15, 2023 to shareholders of record as of April
20, 2023. This special dividend qualifies as an “eligible dividend” for Canadian income tax purposes while dividends
paid to shareholders outside Canada (non-resident investors) will be subject to Canadian non-resident withholding taxes.

The Board of Directors does not recommend distributing a dividend to shareholders on account of the Company’s 2023
annual results.

The Board of Directors will determine any future dividends and dividend policy on the basis of earnings, financial
requirements and other relevant factors.

OUTSTANDING SHARES
As of December 31, 2023 the Company had 396,413,753 common shares issued and outstanding.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023      63
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES AND INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
REPORTING
Management is responsible for the design of disclosure controls and procedures (“DC&P”) and the design of internal
control over financial reporting (“ICFR”) to provide reasonable assurance that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the Company’s certifying officers. The Company’s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have each evaluated the Company’s DC&P and ICFR as of December 31, 2023 and, in
accordance with the requirements established under Canadian National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure
in Issuer’s Annual and Interim Filings, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these
controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2023, and provide reasonable assurance that material information
relating to the Company is made known to them by others within the Company and that the information required to be
disclosed in reports that are filed or submitted under Canadian securities legislation are recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time period specified in those rules.

The Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have used the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) 2013 framework to evaluate the Company’s ICFR as of December 31, 2023 and have
concluded that these controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2023 and provide reasonable assurance
that financial information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner. Management is required
to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. The result of the
inherent limitations in all control systems means design of controls cannot provide absolute assurance that all control
issues and instances of fraud will be detected. During the year ended December 31, 2023, there were no changes in the
Company’s DC&P or ICFR that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting.

RISK FACTORS
There are certain risks involved in the Company’s operations, some of which are beyond the Company’s control. Aside
from risks relating to business and industry, the Company’s principal operations are located within the People’s Republic
of China and are governed by a legal and regulatory environment that in some respects differs from that which prevails in
other countries. Readers of this MD&A should give careful consideration to the information included in this document and
the Company’s audited annual consolidated financial statements and related notes. Significant risk factors for the Company
are metal prices, government regulations, foreign operations, environmental compliance, the ability to obtain additional
financing, risk relating to recent acquisitions, dependence on management, title to the Company’s mineral properties,
natural disasters, pandemics such as COVID-19 and litigation. China Gold International’s business, financial condition or
results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks. For details of risk factors, please
refer to the Company’s annual audited consolidated financial statements, and Annual Information Form filed from time to
time on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and www.hkex.com.hk.

QUALIFIED PERSON
Disclosure of scientific or technical information in this MD&A was reviewed and approved by Mr. Tony Guo, P.Geo., the
Company’s Qualified Person (“QP”) as defined by National Instrument 43-101.

March 27, 2024




64     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD.

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 72 to 153, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at December 31, 2023, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the
year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information and
other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at December 31, 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for
Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards)
(the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTER
Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023       65
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

KEY AUDIT MATTER (Cont’d)
Key audit matter                                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights


We identified the impairment assessment of property, plant and          Our procedures in relation to the impairment
equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights as a key audit         assessment of property, plant and equipment, right-
matter due to significant management judgement and estimation           of-use assets and mining rights included:
involved in the impairment assessment.
                                                                        •    Obtaining an understanding of the key controls
As at December 31, 2023, the market capitalisation of the Company            over the impairment assessment of the Group’s
was below the carrying value of its net assets of approximately              property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
US$1,728 million, and during the year ended December 31,                     assets and mining rights;
2023, the Group recorded a net loss of US$23 million. These
                                                                        •    Assessing the appropriateness of the Group’s
are indicators that the carrying amounts of the Group’s property,
                                                                             identification of individual CGU;
plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights may
be impaired.                                                            •    Evaluating the independent external valuer’s
                                                                             competence, capabilities and objectivity;
As disclosed in notes 19, 17 and 20 to the consolidated financial
statements, the carrying values of the Group’s property, plant and      •    Evaluating the sensitivity analysis for the key
equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights as at December              assumptions in the valuation models for risk
31, 2023 were approximately US$1,482 million, US$40 million and              assessment;
US$773 million, respectively.
                                                                        •    Engaging our internal valuation experts to
The Group’s two cash-generating units (“CGUs”) for impairment                evaluate the appropriateness of the valuation
assessment purposes include the related property, plant and                  methodology, technical information provided
equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights associated with             by the external valuation expert and the key
the Group’s gold mine, located in Inner Mongolia, China and copper           assumptions used in the valuation models
mine, located in Tibet, China. Value in use (“VIU”) is based on the          against external benchmarks, our knowledge of
discounted cash flows expected to be derived from the Group’s                the Group and its industry;
CGUs, taking into account the appropriate discount rates.
                                                                        •    Assessing the reasonableness of the key
As disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements,             assumptions used in the valuation models with
the management exercises significant judgement and estimation                reference to the historical accuracy of such
in respect of the key assumptions applied in the VIU calculation,            forecasts and the current operational results;
such as future metal selling prices, recoverable reserves, resources,        and
production cost estimates, future operating costs and discount
rates.                                                                  •    Comparing the key input data in the cash flow
                                                                             forecast to the source documents.
During the year ended December 31, 2023, no impairment loss
was recognised for the Group’s property, plant and equipment,
right-of-use assets and mining rights.



66      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for
such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion
solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or
in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023       67
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Cont’d)
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
      or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
      and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
      fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
      misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
      in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal
      control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
      audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
      doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
      required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
      or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence
      obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease
      to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
      a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
      within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
      supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.




68      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Cont’d)
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matter communicated with those charged with governance, we determine matter that was of most significance in
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and is therefore the key audit matter. We describe
this matter in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Wong Ka I.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu

Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong

March 27, 2024




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023      69
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




                                                                                 2023         2022
                                                                       NOTES   US$’000      US$’000


Revenue                                                                  5      459,434    1,104,949
Cost of sales                                                                  (379,069)    (709,390)


Mine operating earnings                                                         80,365      395,559


Expenses
  General and administrative expenses                                    6      (38,950)     (52,850)
  Exploration and evaluation expenditure                                           (744)        (479)
  Research and development expenses                                              (8,707)     (25,371)


                                                                                (48,401)     (78,700)


Income from operations                                                          31,964      316,859


Other (expenses) income
  Foreign exchange loss, net                                                     (7,856)     (19,947)
  Interest and other income                                                       7,031        9,090
  Other expenses                                                        31      (24,836)           –
  Finance costs                                                          7      (24,974)     (30,738)


                                                                                (50,635)     (41,595)


(Loss) profit before income tax                                                 (18,671)    275,264
Income tax expense                                                       8       (4,298)    (49,863)


(Loss) profit for the year                                               9      (22,969)    225,401


Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
   Fair value gain on equity instruments at fair value through other
     comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                    18        9,819        8,468
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange difference arising on translation of foreign operations             (14,757)     (64,028)


                                                                                 (4,938)     (55,560)


Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year                               (27,907)    169,841




70      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                     NOTES             US$’000          US$’000


Profit (loss) for the year attributable to:
  Non-controlling interests                                                              2,531            2,658
  Owners of the Company                                                                (25,500)         222,743


                                                                                       (22,969)         225,401


Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year attributable to:
  Non-controlling interests                                                              2,541            2,681
  Owners of the Company                                                                (30,448)         167,160


                                                                                       (27,907)         169,841


(Loss) earnings per share – Basic (US cents)                          12                 (6.43)             56.19


Weighted average number of common shares
 – Basic                                                              12           396,413,753      396,413,753




                                                                                       Annual Report 2023     71
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AT DECEMBER 31, 2023




                                                                  2023        2022
                                                       NOTES    US$’000     US$’000


Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                               13       97,237     428,453
Restricted balances                                     13       67,693       1,572
Trade and other receivables                             14       17,076       8,718
Tax recoverable                                                   2,286           –
Prepaid expenses and deposits                           15          339         810
Inventories                                             16      291,553     293,089


                                                                476,184     732,642


Non-current assets
Prepaid expenses and deposits                           15           768         735
Right-of-use assets                                     17        39,791      42,487
Equity instruments at FVTOCI                            18        47,153      37,348
Property, plant and equipment                           19     1,481,901   1,579,245
Mining rights                                           20       773,117     784,470
Other non-current assets                                21        15,802      17,984


                                                               2,358,532   2,462,269


Total assets                                                   2,834,716   3,194,911


Current liabilities
Accounts and other payables and accrued expenses        22      158,250     218,058
Contract liabilities                                    23           71       6,255
Borrowings                                              24      143,523     399,567
Lease liabilities                                       26          540         516
Tax liabilities                                                   3,041      14,239


                                                                305,425     638,635




72     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                 AT DECEMBER 31, 2023




                                                                                              2023                2022
                                                                       NOTES                US$’000             US$’000


Net current assets                                                                          170,759               94,007


Total assets less current liabilities                                                     2,529,291           2,556,276


Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                                                24                594,711             433,501
Entrusted loan payable                                                    25                 28,238                   –
Lease liabilities                                                         26                    937               1,501
Deferred tax liabilities                                                   8                101,721             125,373
Deferred income                                                           27                     19                 186
Environmental rehabilitation                                              28                 75,924              92,285


                                                                                            801,550             652,846


Total liabilities                                                                         1,106,975           1,291,481


Owners’ equity
Share capital                                                             29              1,229,061           1,229,061
Reserves                                                                                     97,422              83,692
Retained profits                                                                            380,375             571,226


                                                                                          1,706,858           1,883,979
Non-controlling interests                                                                    20,883              19,451


Total owners’ equity                                                                      1,727,741           1,903,430


Total liabilities and owners’ equity                                                      2,834,716           3,194,911

			
The consolidated financial statements on pages 72 to 153 were approved and authorized for issue by the Board of Directors
on March 27, 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:




                            Junhu Tong                                             Yingbin Ian He
                              Director                                                Director




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023      73
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




                                                                                  Attributable to the owners of the Company
                                                                                Investments                                                                      Non-        Total
                                               Number       Share      Equity    revaluation       Exchange           Statutory   Retained                 controlling     owners’
                                             of shares     capital    reserve        reserve         reserve          reserves      profits    Subtotal      interests      equity
                                                          US$’000    US$’000       US$’000         US$’000            US$’000     US$’000      US$’000       US$’000      US$’000
                                                                                                                        (Note)

At January 1, 2022                        396,413,753    1,229,061    11,179         8,031           16,943            68,538     482,170     1,815,922       17,470     1,833,392

Profit for the year                                 –            –         –              –                –                  –   222,743      222,743         2,658      225,401
Fair value gain on equity instruments
  at FVTOCI                                         –            –         –         8,468                 –                  –          –       8,468              –       8,468
Exchange difference arising on
  translation                                       –            –         –              –          (64,051)                 –          –      (64,051)           23      (64,028)

Total comprehensive income
  (expenses) for the year                           –            –         –         8,468           (64,051)                 –   222,743      167,160         2,681      169,841
Transfer to statutory reserves
  – appropriation from retained profits             –            –         –              –                –           24,615      (24,615)           –             –            –
Transfer to reserve fund
  – appropriation from retained profits             –            –         –              –                –           11,720      (11,720)           –             –            –
Transfer to
  – safety production fund, net of
     utilisation                                    –            –         –              –                –           (1,751)       1,751            –             –            –
Dividends distribution (note 11)                    –            –         –              –                –                 –     (99,103)     (99,103)            –      (99,103)
Dividend paid to a non-controlling
  shareholder                                       –            –         –              –                –                  –          –            –          (700)       (700)

At December 31, 2022                      396,413,753    1,229,061    11,179        16,499           (47,108)         103,122     571,226     1,883,979       19,451     1,903,430

(Loss) profit for the year                          –            –         –              –                –                  –    (25,500)     (25,500)       2,531       (22,969)
Fair value gain on equity instruments
   at FVTOCI                                        –            –         –         9,819                 –                  –          –       9,819              –       9,819
Exchange difference arising on
   translation                                      –            –         –              –          (14,767)                 –          –      (14,767)           10      (14,757)

Total comprehensive income
  (expenses) for the year                           –            –         –         9,819           (14,767)                 –    (25,500)     (30,448)       2,541       (27,907)
Transfer to statutory reserves
  – appropriation from retained profits             –            –         –              –                –             5,517      (5,517)           –             –            –
Transfer to reserve fund
  – appropriation from retained profits             –            –         –              –                –           15,937      (15,937)           –             –            –
Transfer to
  – safety production fund, net of
     utilisation                                    –            –         –              –                –           (2,776)       2,776           –              –           –
Dividends distribution (note 11)                    –            –         –              –                –                 –    (146,673)   (146,673)             –    (146,673)
Dividends paid to a non-controlling
  shareholder                                       –            –         –              –                –                  –          –            –       (1,109)       (1,109)

At December 31, 2023                      396,413,753    1,229,061    11,179        26,318           (61,875)         121,800     380,375     1,706,858       20,883     1,727,741


Note: Statutory reserves which consist of (1) appropriations from the profit after taxation of the subsidiaries established in the People’s Republic
      of China (“PRC”) and (2) provision of safety production fund of the subsidiaries engaged in the exploration and development in the mining
      industry, form part of the equity of PRC subsidiaries. In accordance with the PRC Company Law and the Articles of Association of the PRC
      subsidiaries, the PRC subsidiaries are required to appropriate an amount equal to a minimum of 10% of their profits after taxation each
      year to a statutory reserve or reserve fund until the reserve reaches 50% of the registered capital of the respective subsidiaries. Pursuant to
      the Caiqi (2012) No.16 on implementation of entities’ safety production funds management, effective on February 14, 2012 and expired on
      November 21, 2022, and Caizi (2022) No.136 on implementation of entities’ safety production funds management, effective on November
      21, 2022, and in accordance with the Articles of Association of the PRC subsidiaries, the PRC subsidiaries are required to appropriate an
      amount, equal to RMB5 per ton multiplied by the volume of ore mined less actual payment, each year to a statutory reserve and utilise an
      amount when the actual payment is more than RMB5 per ton multiplied by the volume of ore mined.


74            China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                                 US$’000          US$’000


Operating activities
(Loss) profit before income tax                                                  (18,671)         275,264
Items not requiring use of cash and cash equivalents:
   Amortisation of mining rights                                                  10,411           41,416
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                 106,947          163,407
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                             4,312            3,217
   Interest income                                                                (4,503)          (4,685)
   Dividend income                                                                (1,992)          (2,695)
   Finance costs                                                                  24,974           30,738
   Allowance for credit losses of trade and other receivables, net                 1,668            1,718
   Impairment loss of other non-current assets                                     1,872                –
   (Reversal) Write-down of inventories                                              (41)             453
   Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                 (23)               –
   Release of deferred income                                                       (220)          (1,215)
   Effect on decrease to site reclamation in prior year                                –          (17,062)
   Unrealised foreign exchange loss, net                                           3,790           19,703


                                                                                 128,524          510,259
Change in operating working capital items:
  Trade and other receivables                                                    (10,110)          12,948
  Prepaid expenses and deposits                                                      383              318
  Inventories                                                                        820            2,830
  Contract liabilities                                                            (6,049)          (3,031)
  Accounts and other payables and accrued expenses                               (39,165)         (10,698)


Cash generated from operations                                                    74,403          512,626
Environmental rehabilitation expense paid                                        (10,359)          (4,616)
Interest paid                                                                    (20,975)         (24,119)
Income taxes paid                                                                (41,495)         (36,612)




                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   75
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




                                                                         2023        2022
                                                                       US$’000     US$’000


Net cash from operating activities                                        1,574    447,279


Investing activities
Interest received                                                         4,503       4,685
Dividends received from equity investment at FVTOCI                       1,992       2,695
Payment for acquisition of mining rights                                 (1,273)     (1,772)
Payment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                (59,352)    (22,601)
Payment for right-of-use assets                                            (846)    (21,203)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                      66           –
Placement of restricted balances                                        (68,039)     (3,605)
Release of restricted balances                                            1,546       7,894
Receipt of government grant                                                 101         569


Net cash used in investing activities                                  (121,302)    (33,338)


Financing activities
Repayments of borrowings                                               (401,521)    (84,893)
Proceeds from borrowings                                                316,274           –
Proceeds from entrusted loan advanced by a substantial shareholder       28,382           –
Dividends paid to a non-controlling shareholder                          (1,109)       (700)
Dividends paid to shareholders                                         (146,655)    (99,091)
Repayments of lease liabilities                                            (604)       (628)


Net cash used in financing activities                                  (205,233)   (185,312)


Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                   (324,961)   228,629
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                            428,453    208,128
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents     (6,255)    (8,304)


Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                  97,237     428,453




76     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT EVENT DURING THE CURRENT YEAR
     1.1 General information
         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. (the “Company”) is a publicly listed company incorporated in
         British Columbia, Canada on May 31, 2000 with limited liability under the legislation of the Province of British
         Columbia and its shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
         Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The Company together with its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the
         “Group”) is principally engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and mining of mineral resources
         in the PRC. Particulars of the subsidiaries of the Company are set out in note 37. The Group considers that
         China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. (“CNG”), a state owned company registered in Beijing, the PRC, which is
         controlled by State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of the PRC,
         is able to exercise significant influence over the Company.

         The head office, principal address and registered and records office of the Company are located at Suite 660,
         One Bentall Centre, 505 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V7X 1M4.

         The consolidated financial statements are presented in United States Dollars (“US$”) which is also the functional
         currency of the Company.

     1.2 Significant event during the current year
         Suspension and subsequent partial resumption of Jiama Copper-Gold Polymetallic Mine (“Jiama Mine”)
         On March 27, 2023, a tailings overflow occurred due to minor tailing dam damages from the Guolanggou tailings
         pond at the Group’s Jiama Mine (the “Overflow”). In response to the Overflow, the Group quickly contained
         and repaired the breach to ensure no damage to the environment or neighboring communities. Subsequent
         to the Overflow, Jiama Mine has suspended its operations and the Group takes the opportunity to conduct a
         comprehensive safety assessment of and repair work on its tailings dam with the assistance and supervision
         of government safety authorities.

         The Group has completed the repair and reinforcement construction and works, conducted the safety assessment
         of the entire tailings pond and submitted an assessment report to the Lhasa Municipal Emergency Management
         Bureau (the “LMEMB”) in September 2023. The Group has also prepared several plans for the resumption of
         production, including using the tailings as underground mine backfilling and discharging the tailings into the
         tailings pond in line with the original design production capacity, these plans have been submitted to the LMEMB.

         On December 15, 2023, following the receipt of approval from the LMEMB, the underground void management
         and the Phase I processing plant of the Jiama Mine have resumed operations, by backfilling the tailings
         produced from processing operations to the underground voids through the backfilling system. As at December
         31, 2023, and up to the date these consolidated financial statements are authorised for issue, the resumption
         of Phase II processing plant of the Jiama Mine is subject to the government regulators’ decision on when to
         grant permission to resume production, the Group is continuing to proceed towards the resumption of full
         production on its design capacity at the Jiama Mine.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023       77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT EVENT DURING THE CURRENT YEAR (Cont’d)
     1.2 Significant event during the current year (Cont’d)
          Litigation and contingency
          During the year ended December 31, 2023, as described in note 31 to the consolidated financial statements,
          the Group was involved in several lawsuits and disputes with third parties related to a construction contract
          dispute and breach of contract, which are incidental to its normal course of business. As at December 31,
          2023, US$23 million were recognised as “accounts and other payables and accrued expenses” as set out in
          note 22 in relation to the construction contract dispute, which the court has ruled that the Group has joint
          obligation for the construction costs. In addition, the Group is currently involved in pending legal proceedings
          of US$68 million in relation to the breach of contract with no provision recognised in the consolidated financial
          statements as the Group concludes that it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required
          for the pending litigation based on the new evidences and materials collected and the legal advice. Details of
          litigations are set out in note 31.

2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)
     New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     In the current year, the Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs issued by International
     Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual
     period beginning on January 1, 2023 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

     IFRS 17 (including the June 2020 and                  Insurance Contracts
       December 2021 Amendments to IFRS 17)
     Amendments to IAS 8                                   Definition of Accounting Estimates
     Amendments to IAS 12                                  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                             Single Transaction
     Amendments to IAS 12                                  International Tax Reform-Pillar Two Model Rules
     Amendments to IAS 1 and                               Disclosure of Accounting Policies
      IFRS Practice Statement 2

     Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had no
     material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the
     disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




78    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Cont’d)
     New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (Cont’d)
     Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes International Tax Reform-Pillar Two Model Rules
     The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. IAS 12 Income Tax (“IAS 12”) is
     amended to add the exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities that
     are related to tax law enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the
     Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “Pillar Two legislation”). The amendments require
     that entities apply the amendments immediately upon issuance and retrospectively. The amendments also require
     that entities to disclose separately its current tax expense/income related to Pillar Two income taxes in periods which
     the Pillar Two legislation is in effect, and the qualitative and quantitative information about its exposure to Pillar Two
     income taxes in periods in which the Pillar Two legislation is enacted or substantially enacted but not yet in effect
     in annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.

     The Group is yet to apply the temporary exception during the current year because the Group’s entities are operating
     in jurisdictions which the Pillar Two legislation has not yet been enacted or substantially enacted. The Group will
     disclose known or reasonably estimable information that helps users of financial statements to understand the Group’s
     exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements when the Pillar Two
     legislation is enacted or substantially enacted and will disclose separately current tax expense/income related to Pillar
     Two income taxes when it is in effect.

     Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Disclosure of Accounting Policies
     The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements
     is amended to replace all instances of the term “significant accounting policies” with “material accounting policy
     information”. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together with other information included
     in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of
     general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements.

     The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the nature of the related
     transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However, not all accounting policy
     information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself material. If an entity chooses to disclose
     immaterial accounting policy information, such information must not obscure material accounting policy information.

     IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements (the “Practice Statement”) is also amended to illustrate
     how an entity applies the “four-step materiality process” to accounting policy disclosures and to judge whether
     information about an accounting policy is material to its financial statements. Guidance and examples are added to
     the Practice Statement.

     The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance
     but has affected the disclosure of the Group’s accounting policies set out in note 3 to the consolidated financial
     statements.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023        79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Cont’d)
     Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective:

     Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                      Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate
                                                             or Joint Venture1
     Amendments to IFRS 16                                 Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback2
     Amendments to IAS 1                                   Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current2
     Amendments to IAS 1                                   Non-current Liabilities with Covenants2
     Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                        Supplier Finance Arrangement2
     Amendments to IAS 21                                  Lack of Exchangeability3

     1
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
     2
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024
     3
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2025

     Except for the amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application
     of all other amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the
     foreseeable future.

     Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the “2020 Amendments”) and Amendments
     to IAS 1 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)
     The 2020 Amendments provide clarification and additional guidance on the assessment of right to defer settlement
     for at least twelve months from reporting date for classification of liabilities as current or non-current, which:

     •      clarify that if a liability has terms that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by the
            transfer of the entity’s own equity instruments, these terms do not affect its classification as current or non-
            current only if the entity recognises the option separately as an equity instrument applying IAS 32 Financial
            Instruments: Presentation.

     •      specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current should be based on rights that are in
            existence at the end of the reporting period. Specifically, the amendments clarify that the classification should
            not be affected by management intentions or expectations to settle the liability within 12 months.

     For rights to defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date which are conditional on the compliance
     with covenants, the requirements introduced by the 2020 Amendments have been modified by the 2022 Amendments.
     The 2022 Amendments specify that only covenants with which an entity is required to comply with on or before the
     end of the reporting period affect the entity’s right to defer settlement of a liability for at least twelve months after
     the reporting date. Covenants which are required to comply with only after the reporting period do not affect whether
     that right exists at the end of the reporting period.




80       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Cont’d)
     Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective (Cont’d)
     Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the “2020 Amendments”) and Amendments
     to IAS 1 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)
     In addition, the 2022 Amendments specify the disclosure requirements about information that enables users of
     financial statements to understand the risk that the liabilities could become repayable within twelve months after
     the reporting period, if the entity classify liabilities arising from loan arrangements as non-current when the entity’s
     right to defer settlement of those liabilities is subject to the entity complying with covenants within twelve months
     after the reporting period.

     The 2022 Amendments also defer the effective date of applying the 2020 Amendments to annual reporting periods
     beginning on or after January 1, 2024. The 2022 Amendments, together with the 2020 Amendments, are effective
     for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024, with early application permitted. If an entity
     applies the 2020 Amendments for an earlier period after the issue of the 2022 Amendments, the entity should also
     apply the 2022 Amendments for that period.

     Based on the Group’s outstanding liabilities as at December 31, 2023, the application of the 2020 Amendments and
     2022 Amendments will not result in reclassification of the Group’s liabilities.

3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB. For the
     purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information
     is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements
     include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange
     (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (“CO”).

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial
     instruments, that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting
     policies set out below.

     Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
     between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
     estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes
     into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into
     account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure
     purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment
     transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in
     accordance with IFRS 16 Leases (“IFRS 16”), and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not
     fair value, such as net realizable value in IAS 2 Inventories (“IAS 2”) or value in use (“VIU”) in IAS 36 Impairment
     of Assets (“IAS 36”).




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023       81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (Cont’d)
     In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on
     the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to
     the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

     •      Level 1     inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
                        entity can access at the measurement date;

     •      Level 2     inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset
                        or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

     •      Level 3     inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

     Going concern assessment
     During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group recorded a net loss of US$23 million, notwithstanding that
     the net operating cash inflows amounted to US$2 million for the year and as at December 31, 2023, the Group’s
     current assets exceeded current liabilities by approximately US$171 million. The aforementioned suspension of Jiama
     Mine’s operation in response to the Overflow as detailed in note 1 and the litigations with a series of frozen assets
     as detailed in note 31 have negative impacts on the financial performance and operating cash flows of the Group.

     Taking into account the Group’s cash flow projection with impact of Jiama Mine’s suspension, the expected resumption
     of operations and effects of litigations as detailed in note 31, the new financing obtained by the Group subsequent
     to the year end, its future capital expenditure and the sensitivity analysis of possible installment payments arising
     from the mining right of Jima Mine as detailed in note 20, the directors of the Company consider that the Group
     has sufficient working capital to meet in full its financial obligations as they fall due for at least next twelve months
     from the end of the reporting period and accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on
     a going concern basis.

     Material accounting policy information
     Basis of consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled
     by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

     •      has power over the investee;

     •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

     •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes
     to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

     Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group
     loses control of the subsidiary.




82       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Basis of consolidation (Cont’d)
     Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the
     non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and
     to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies
     in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

     All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members
     of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which represent
     present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries
     upon liquidation.

     Revenue from contracts with customers
     The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods
     or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

     A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series
     of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
     satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

     •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
          Group performs;

     •    the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

     •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
          enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.

     A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
     transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with IFRS 9
     Financial Instruments (“IFRS 9”). In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration,
     i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

     A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group
     has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

     A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a net basis.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023       83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Revenue from contracts with customers (Cont’d)
     For contracts where the period between payment and transfer of the associated goods or services is less than one
     year, the Group applies the practical expedient for not adjusting the transaction price for any significant financing
     component.

     Revenue is recognised at a point in time when control of the gold doré bars, copper and other by-products is passed
     to customers, i.e. when the products are delivered and titles have passed to customers.

     Leases
     Definition of a lease
     A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
     period of time in exchange for consideration.

     For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of IFRS 16 Leases (“IFRS 16”) or
     arising from business combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the
     definition under IFRS 16 at inception or modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not
     be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

     The Group as a lessee
     Right-of-use assets
     The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

     •      the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

     •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

     •      any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

     •      an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring
            the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
            conditions of the lease.

     Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted
     for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

     Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at
     the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-
     of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

     The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.




84       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Foreign currencies
     In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
     functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the
     dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are
     retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in
     foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. When a
     fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain
     or loss is also recognised in profit or loss. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in
     other comprehensive income, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive
     income. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

     Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are
     recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

     For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s operations
     are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. US$) using exchange rates prevailing at the end
     of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period.
     Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under
     the heading of exchange reserve (attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).

     Borrowing costs
     Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are
     assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the
     cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale, which includes
     completion of all necessary activities to bring the assets to readiness of fulfilling relevant regulatory requirements and
     obtaining relevant regulatory consent.

     All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023       85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Taxation
     Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.

     The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from (loss)/profit before income
     tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or
     deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively
     enacted by the end of the reporting period.

     Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
     the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
     Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally
     recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available
     against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not
     recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of
     assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time
     of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

     Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
     except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary
     difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences
     associated with such investments are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient
     taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in
     the foreseeable future.

     The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
     extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to
     be recovered.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the
     liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
     enacted by the end of the reporting period.

     The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
     manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of
     its assets and liabilities.




86     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Taxation (Cont’d)
     For ultimate costs incurred for provisions for environmental rehabilitation, the Group applies IAS 12 requirements to
     the provisions for environmental rehabilitation and the related assets separately. The Group recognises a deferred
     tax asset related to provisions for environmental rehabilitation to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will
     be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all
     taxable temporary differences.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
     against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same
     taxation authority.

     Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss.

     Cash and cash equivalents
     Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position comprises of cash on hand
     and demand deposits.

     Inventories
     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Costs of inventories are determined using the
     weighted average cost method. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business
     less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make
     the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must
     incur to make the sale.

     Gold in process inventory
     Gold in process inventory consists of gold contained in the ore on leach pads and in-circuit material within processing
     operations.

     Production costs are capitalised and included in gold in process inventory based on the current mining and processing
     cost incurred up to the point prior to the refining process including the cost of raw materials and direct labour;
     mine-site overhead expenses; stripping costs; and allocated indirect costs, including depreciation and depletion of
     mining interests.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023        87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Inventories (Cont’d)
     Gold doré bars inventory
     Gold doré bar is gold awaiting refinement and gold refined and ready for sales. The recovery of gold from ore is
     achieved through a heap leaching process. Under this method, ore is placed on leach pads where it is treated with a
     chemical solution which dissolves the gold contained in the ore. The resulting “pregnant” solution is further processed
     in a plant where the gold is recovered. Costs are subsequently recycled from ore on leach pads as ounces of gold
     are recovered based on the average cost per recoverable ounce on the leach pad. Estimates of recoverable gold on
     the leach pads are calculated from the quantities of ore placed on the leach pads (measured in tonnes added to
     the leach pads), the grade of the ore placed on the leach pads (based on assay data), and a recovery percentage
     (based on ore type).

     Others
     Copper inventory is copper and other by-products after metallurgical processing and ready for sales. Consumables
     used in operations, such as fuel, chemicals, and reagents and spare parts inventory are valued at the lower of cost
     or net realizable value.

     Provisions
     Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event,
     it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the
     amount of the obligation.

     The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation
     at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When
     a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the
     present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

     Contingent liabilities
     A contingent liability is a present obligation arising from past events but is not recognised because it is not probable
     that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.

     Where the Group is jointly and severally liable for an obligation, the part of the obligation that is expected to be met
     by other parties is treated as a contingent liability and it is not recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

     The Group assesses continually to determine whether an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits has
     become probable. If it becomes probable that an outflow of future economic benefits will be required for an item
     previously dealt with as a contingent liability, a provision is recognised in the consolidated financial statements in
     the reporting period in which the change in probability occurs, except in the extremely rare circumstances where
     no reliable estimate can be made.




88     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Environmental rehabilitation
     An obligation to incur restoration, rehabilitation and environmental costs arises when environmental disturbance is
     caused by the development or ongoing production of a mining property. Such costs arising from the decommissioning
     of plant and other site preparation work, discounted to their net present value, are provided for and capitalised as
     part of the related property, plant and equipment at the start of each project, as soon as the obligation to incur such
     costs arises. These costs are recognised in profit or loss over the life of the operation, through depreciation of the
     asset. Costs for restoration of subsequent site damage which is created on an ongoing basis during production are
     recognised in profit or loss.

     Changes in the measurement of a liability relating to the decommissioning of plant or other site preparation work
     that result from changes in the estimated timing or amount of the cash flow, including the effects of inflation and
     movements in foreign exchange rates, revisions to estimated reserves, resources and lives of operations, or a change
     in the discount rate, are added to, or deducted from, the cost of the related asset in the period it occurred. The
     periodic unwinding of discount is recognised in profit or loss as a finance cost as it occurs. If a decrease in the
     liability exceeds the carrying amount of the asset, the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss. If the asset
     value is increased and there is an indication that the revised carrying value is not recoverable, an impairment test
     is performed in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy.

     Property, plant and equipment
     General
     Property, plant and equipment (other than construction in progress as described below) are stated in the consolidated
     statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation, depletion and impairment losses,
     if any.

     An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are
     expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an
     item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying
     amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

     Expenditures incurred to replace a component of an item of property, plant and equipment that is accounted for
     separately, including major inspection and overhaul expenditures, are capitalised and the carrying amount of the
     component being replaced is derecognised. Directly attributable costs incurred for major capital projects and site
     preparation are capitalised until the asset is brought to a working condition for its intended use. These costs include
     dismantling and site restoration costs to the extent these are recognised as a provision.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023       89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Property, plant and equipment (Cont’d)
     General (Cont’d)
     The management of the Group (the “Management”) reviews the estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation
     methods of the Group’s property, plant and equipment at the end of each reporting period and when events and
     circumstances indicate that such a review should be made. Changes to estimated useful lives, residual values or
     depreciation methods resulting from such review are accounted for prospectively.

     All direct costs related to the acquisition of mineral assets are capitalised, at their cost at the date of acquisition.

     Ownership interests in leasehold land and building
     When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which include both leasehold land and building
     elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in proportion to
     the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably,
     interest in leasehold land is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of financial position.

     Construction in progress
     Assets under construction are capitalised as construction in progress until the asset is available for use. The cost of
     construction in progress is comprised of the construction cost of buildings, purchase price of crushers, and machinery
     and equipment, any costs directly attributable to the construction to bring it into working condition for its intended
     use, including costs of testing whether the related assets is functioning property and for qualifying assets, borrowing
     costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy.

     The Company uses the following factors to assess whether the criteria of construction completion and ready for
     intended use have been met such that construction in progress is classified to the appropriate category of property,
     plant and equipment: (1) the completion of the construction as planned; and (2) the completion of testing of mine
     plant and equipment which demonstrates their ability to sustain ongoing production of minerals, and ability to produce
     minerals in saleable form (within specifications).

     Exploration and evaluation expenditure
     Drilling and related costs incurred on sites without an existing mine and on areas outside the boundary of a known
     mineral deposit which contains proven and probable reserves are exploration and evaluation expenditure and are
     expensed as incurred up to the date on which costs incurred are economically recoverable. Further exploration and
     evaluation expenditures, subsequent to the establishment of economic recoverability, are capitalised and included
     in the carrying amount of the mineral assets.




90     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Property, plant and equipment (Cont’d)
     Exploration and evaluation expenditure (Cont’d)
     The Management evaluates the following criteria in its assessment of economic recoverability and probability of
     future economic benefit:

     •    Geology – whether or not there is sufficient geologic and economic certainty of being able to convert a residual
          mineral deposit into a proven and probable reserve at a development stage or production stage mine, based
          on the known geology and metallurgy. A history of conversion of resources to reserves at operating mines is
          used to support the likelihood of conversion.

     •    Scoping – there is a scoping study or preliminary feasibility study that demonstrates the additional resources
          will generate a positive commercial outcome. Known metallurgy provides a basis for concluding there is a
          significant likelihood of being able to recoup the incremental costs of extraction and production.

     •    Accessible facilities – mining property can be processed economically at accessible mining and processing
          facilities where applicable.

     •    Life of mine plans – an overall life of mine plan and economic model to support the mine and the economic
          extraction of resources/reserves exists. A long-term life of mine plan, and supporting geological model identifies
          the drilling and related development work required to expand or further define the existing orebody.

     •    Authorizations – operating permits and feasible environmental programs exist or are obtainable.

     Therefore prior to capitalising exploration drilling and related costs, the Management determines that the following
     conditions have been met that will contribute to future cash flows:

     •    There is a probable future benefit that will contribute to future cash inflows;

     •    The Group can obtain the benefit and controls access to it;

     •    The transaction or event giving rise to the future benefit has already occurred; and

     •    Costs incurred can be measured reliably.

     Development expenditure
     Drilling and related costs incurred to define and delineate a mineral deposit are capitalised as part of mineral assets
     in the period incurred, when the Management determines that there is sufficient evidence that the expenditure will
     result in a probable future economic benefit to the Group.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023       91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Property, plant and equipment (Cont’d)
     Production expenditure
     A mine that is under construction is determined to enter the production stage when the project is in the position and
     condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by the Management. Therefore, such
     costs incurred are capitalised as part of the mineral assets.

     Mine development costs incurred to maintain current production are included in cost of inventories. For those areas
     being developed which will be mined in future periods, the costs incurred are capitalised and depleted when the
     related mining area is mined.

     Depreciation
     Mineral assets are depreciated using the unit-of-production method based on the actual production volume over the
     estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves at the related mine when the mine is
     capable of operating as intended by the Management.

     The Management reviews the estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves at the end
     of each reporting period and when events and circumstances indicate that such a review should be made. Changes
     to estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves are accounted for prospectively.

     Assets under construction are not depreciated until they are substantially complete and available for their intended use.

     Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets.

     Mining rights
     Mining rights are amortised using the unit-of-production method based on the actual production volume over the
     estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves at the related mine.

     Mining rights acquired in a business combination
     Mining rights acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially recognised
     at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

     Subsequent to initial recognition, mining rights with finite useful lives are carried at costs less accumulated amortisation
     and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is provided using the unit-of-production method based on the
     actual production volume over the estimated total proven and probable reserves of the ore mines.

     Other non-current assets
     The right to receive a block of buildings and twenty car parks included under “other non-current assets” is carried
     at cost less accumulated impairment if any.




92     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, mining rights and other non-current assets
     At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and equipment,
     right-of-use assets, mining rights and other non-current assets to determine whether there is any indication that
     those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant
     asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any.

     The recoverable amounts of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, mining rights and other non-current
     assets are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group
     estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (“CGU”) to which the asset belongs. In testing a
     CGU for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant CGU when a reasonable and consistent basis of
     allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of CGUs for which a reasonable
     and consistent allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the CGU or group
     of CGUs to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant CGU or
     group of CGUs.

     Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use (“VIU”). In assessing VIU, the
     estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current
     market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a CGU) for which the estimates
     of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying
     amount of the asset (or a CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate
     assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a CGU, the Group compares the carrying
     amount of a group of CGUs, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets
     allocated to that group of CGUs, with the recoverable amount of the group of CGUs. In allocating the impairment loss,
     the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the
     other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of CGUs. The
     carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable),
     its VIU (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to
     the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of CGUs. An impairment loss is recognised
     immediately in profit or loss.

     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU or a group of CGUs) is
     increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed
     the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a
     CGU or a group of CGUs) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023      93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Research and development expenses
     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

     Financial instruments
     Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from
     contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
     Customers (“IFRS 15”). Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and
     financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are
     added to or deducted from the fair value of financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.

     The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability
     and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate
     that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received
     that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through
     the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying
     amount on initial recognition.

     Financial assets
     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

     •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and

     •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
            on the principal amount outstanding.

     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

     •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and collecting
            contractual cash flows; and

     •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
            on the principal amount outstanding.

     All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a financial
     asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other
     comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised
     by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

     In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that is required to be measured at the amortised
     cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.




94       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets (Cont’d)
     Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
     Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses arising
     from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the investments revaluation
     reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit
     or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to retained profits.

     Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right to
     receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the
     investment. Dividends are included in the “interest and other income” line item in profit or loss.

     Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (“IFRS 9”)
     The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets (including
     trade receivables, other receivables, amounts due from related companies, cash and cash equivalents and restricted
     balances) which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting
     date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

     Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant
     instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result
     from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessments are done based on
     the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic
     conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future
     conditions.

     The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss
     if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default
     is based on historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-
     weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

     Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with
     the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined
     at initial recognition.

     The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their
     carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through
     a loss allowance account.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023       95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets (Cont’d)
     Foreign exchange gains and losses
     The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign
     currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. Specifically:

     •      For financial assets measured at amortised cost, exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the
            “foreign exchange loss, net” line item in profit or loss;

     •      For equity instruments measured at FVTOCI, exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive
            income in the investments revaluation reserve.

     Derecognition of financial assets
     The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or
     when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another
     entity.

     On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount
     and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

     On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to measure
     at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve is not reclassified
     to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained profits.

     Financial liabilities and equity instruments
     Classification as debt or equity
     Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in
     accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an
     equity instrument.

     Equity instruments
     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all
     of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct
     issue costs.

     Financial liabilities at amortised cost
     Financial liabilities including borrowings, entrusted loan payable, accounts and other payables are initially measured
     at fair value, net of transaction costs, and are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
     method.




96       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial liabilities and equity instruments (Cont’d)
     Foreign exchange gains and losses
     For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised cost at the end
     of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortised cost of the
     instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the “foreign exchange loss, net” line item
     in profit or loss.

     Derecognition of financial liabilities
     The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or
     have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration
     paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the directors of the Company are required to make judgements,
     estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
     other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that
     are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
     are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period
     of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

     Critical judgment in applying accounting policies
     The following is the critical judgment apart from those involving estimations, that the directors of the Company have
     made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most significant effect on the
     amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023       97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     (Cont’d)
     Critical judgment in applying accounting policies
     (a)   Determination of the payment arising from the mining right
           Pursuant to the Notice on Issuing the Measures for the Collection of the Income from the Transfer of Mineral
           Rights (Caizong (2023) No. 10) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Natural Resources and
           the State Taxation Administration, effective on May 1, 2023 and the relevant administrative measures Tibet
           Autonomous Region (Zangcaishui (2023) No.26), effective on December 27, 2023 (together referred as the
           “Notice”), Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co., Ltd. (“Huatailong”) may be subject to pay additional
           payments arising from its mining right in Jiama Mine to the PRC government as compensation fees for using
           the stated-owned natural resources in the PRC based on the appraised revenue for the period starting from
           July 1, 2017 multiply appropriate yield on the ore mined.

           The Group has made an assessment of the impact of the Notice, based on the factors affecting the measurement
           of the amount to be paid, if any. The key factors include but are not limited to: (i) the multiple resource integrations
           of Jiama Mine between Huatailong and local government in prior years which has created uncertainties in
           the assessment of whether the exploration rights and mining rights held by Huatailong have been disposed
           of for consideration; (ii) the assessment of the resource reserves; (iii) the determination of methodology in
           calculating the amount to be paid and related parameters such as grade of ore, recovery rate, ore loss rate,
           ore dilution rate and discount rate. These determinations are complex and involve significant management
           judgement and estimates, and are also subject to a valuation to be performed by specialists and further verified
           by the government. Accordingly, the Group concluded that there is insufficient information available to make a
           reasonable estimate of the payment amount and accordingly, the Group has not recorded any related provision
           as of December 31, 2023.

           Significant judgement is required in interpreting the relevant rules and regulation so as to determine the amount
           that is subject to the payment arising from its mining right under the Notice. This assessment relies on estimates
           and assumptions and involves judgements about past and future events. New information may become available
           that causes the Group to change its judgement regarding the adequacy of the provision arising from the mining
           right payment. Such changes will impact profit or loss in the period that such determination is made.




98     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     (Cont’d)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty
     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the
     end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
     of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

     (b)   Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights
           While assessing whether any indications of impairment exist for property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets
           and mining rights, consideration is given to both external and internal sources of information. The Management
           consideration includes changes in the market, economic and legal environment in which the Group operates
           that are not within its control and affect the recoverable amounts of the property, plant and equipment, right-of-
           use assets and mining rights. The carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and
           mining rights are reviewed for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 whenever certain events or changes in
           circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. As at December 31, 2023, the market
           capitalisation of the Company was below the carrying value of its net assets of approximately US$1,728 million
           (2022: US$1,903 million) and during the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group recorded a net loss of
           US$23 million. These are indicators that the carrying amounts of the Group’s property, plant and equipment,
           right-of-use assets and mining rights may be impaired. The Group’s two CGUs for impairment assessment of
           the related property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights are the Group’s gold mine,
           located in Innere Mongolia, China and copper mine, located in Tibet, China.

           When an impairment review is undertaken, recoverable amount is assessed by reference to the higher of 1) VIU
           and 2) fair value less costs of disposal. In determining the recoverable amounts of the Group’s property, plant
           and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights, the Group estimates the recoverable amount based on
           VIU and makes estimates of the discounted future pre-tax cash flows expected to be derived from the Group’s
           CGUs and the appropriate discount rates. The key assumptions used in estimating the projected cash flows
           are future metal selling prices, recoverable reserves, resources, production costs estimates, future operating
           costs and discount rates.

           Reductions in metal price forecasts, increases in estimated future costs of production, increases in estimated
           future operating costs, reductions in the amount of recoverable reserves, resources, and/or change in economic
           conditions can result in a write-down of the carrying amounts of the Group’s property, plant and equipment,
           right-of-use assets and mining rights.

           The Group uses its internal experts to perform the valuation for the purpose of the impairment assessment with
           assistance from third party qualified valuers. The Management works closely with internal experts and qualified
           external valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model to estimate the VIU
           for the property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights.

           The carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights as at December
           31, 2023 and 2022 are disclosed in notes 19, 17 and 20, respectively.

           During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, no impairment loss was recognised for the property,
           plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights in the Group’s gold producing mine and copper
           producing mine as the recoverable amounts were higher than their respective carrying amounts.



                                                                                                Annual Report 2023       99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
      (Cont’d)
      Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Cont’d)
      (c)   Inventories
            The Group records the cost of gold mining ore placed on its leach pads and in process at its mine as gold in
            process inventory, and values gold in process inventory at the lower of cost and estimated net realizable value.
            The assumptions used in the valuation of gold in process inventories include estimates of gold contained in
            the ore placed on leach pads, assumptions of the amount of gold that is expected to be recovered from the
            ore placed on leach pads, the amount of gold in the processing plant and an assumption of the gold price
            expected to be realised when the gold is recovered. If these estimates or assumptions are proven inaccurate,
            the Group could be required to write down the recorded value of its gold in process inventories. During the
            year, there is no change in the relevant estimation.

            Although the quantities of recoverable gold placed on the leach pad and the processing plant are reconciled
            by comparing the grades of ore placed on the leach pad to the quantities actually recovered, the nature of the
            leaching process inherently limits the ability to precisely monitor inventory levels. The actual recovery of gold
            from the leach pad is not known until the leaching process has concluded at the end of the mine life.

            The Management periodically reassesses the assumptions used in the valuation of gold in process and the
            costing of production of gold doré bars, particularly the assumptions of the amount of gold that is expected
            to be recovered from the ore placed on leach pads (the “Estimated Recovery Rate”). As a result of such
            reassessments, an increase/decrease in the Estimated Recovery Rate would lead to a decrease/increase in
            the average production cost of gold doré bars. During the year, there is no change in the relevant estimation.

            The carrying amounts of gold in process and gold doré bars as at December 31, 2023 and 2022 are disclosed
            in note 16.

      (d)   Contingency
            The Group is involved in a legal proceeding with an independent supplier of Huatailong and has applied
            judgement on whether it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required by taking into account
            the new evidences and materials collected and the legal advice. Disclosures has been set out in note 31 and
            no related provision has been made as of December 31, 2023.




100     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Revenue
     (i)    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
            The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue from its major products and services:

                                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                                              US$’000               US$’000


            At a point in time
            Gold doré bars                                                                    252,600               267,546
            Copper                                                                            147,278               617,226
            Other by-products                                                                  59,556               220,177


            Total revenue                                                                     459,434             1,104,949


     (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers
            The Group sells gold doré bars, copper and other by-products directly to customers. Revenue is recognised
            at a point in time when control of the gold doré bars, copper and other by-products is passed to customers,
            i.e. when the products are delivered and titles have passed to customers. A contract liability represents the
            Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration
            (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

            All sales of gold doré bars, copper and other by-products are for periods of one year or less. As permitted under
            IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

     Segment information
     IFRS 8 Operating Segment requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of internal reports that are
     regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”) to allocate resources to the segments and to
     assess their performance.

     The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has
     been defined as the executive directors of the Company. The CODM has identified two operating and reportable
     segments as follows:

     (i)    The mine-produced gold segment – the production of gold doré bars through the Group’s integrated processes,
            i.e., mining, metallurgical processing, production and selling of gold doré bars to external clients.

     (ii)   The mine-produced copper concentrate segment – the production of copper concentrate including other by-
            products through the Group’s integrated processes, i.e., mining, metallurgical processing, production and selling
            copper concentrate including other by-products to external clients.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023      101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
      Segment information (Cont’d)
      Information regarding the above segments is reported below.

      (a)   Segment revenue and results
            The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and reportable segment:

            For the year ended December 31, 2023

                                                                  Mine –
                                                    Mine –      produced
                                                  produced        copper        Segment
                                                      gold    concentrate          total     Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                  US$’000        US$’000        US$’000        US$’000         US$’000
            Revenue – external and
              segment revenue                      252,600       206,834         459,434               –        459,434
            Cost of sales                         (182,798)     (196,271)       (379,069)              –       (379,069)


            Mining operating earnings               69,802          10,563        80,365               –           80,365


            Income (loss) from operations           69,058       (32,957)         36,101          (4,137)           31,964
            Foreign exchange loss                   (1,115)       (3,684)         (4,799)         (3,057)           (7,856)
            Interest and other income                1,475         3,364           4,839           2,192             7,031
            Other expenses                               –       (24,836)        (24,836)              –           (24,836)
            Finance costs                             (779)      (16,539)        (17,318)         (7,656)          (24,974)


            Profit (loss) before income tax         68,639       (74,652)         (6,013)       (12,658)           (18,671)




102     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Segment information (Cont’d)
     (a)   Segment revenue and results (Cont’d)
           For the year ended December 31, 2022

                                                                  Mine –
                                                    Mine –      produced
                                                  produced        copper      Segment
                                                       gold   concentrate        total     Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                   US$’000       US$’000      US$’000        US$’000         US$’000
           Revenue – external and
             segment revenue                       267,546       837,403     1,104,949               –      1,104,949
           Cost of sales                          (198,502)     (510,888)     (709,390)              –       (709,390)


           Mining operating earnings                69,044       326,515       395,559               –        395,559


           Income (loss) from operations            68,565       252,315       320,880          (4,021)       316,859
           Foreign exchange (loss) gain,
             net                                    (1,778)      (21,167)      (22,945)          2,998        (19,947)
           Interest and other income                 1,285         5,048         6,333           2,757          9,090
           Finance costs                            (1,679)      (19,279)      (20,958)         (9,780)       (30,738)


           Profit (loss) before income tax          66,393       216,917       283,310          (8,046)       275,264

           The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies. Segment
           results represent profit (loss) before income tax without allocation of certain general and administrative
           expenses, foreign exchange loss, other expenses, interest and other income and finance costs, attributable
           to the respective segment. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation
           and performance assessment.

           There are no inter-segment sales for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2023     103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
      Segment information (Cont’d)
      (b)   Segment assets and liabilities
            The following is an analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by segment representing assets/liabilities directly
            attributable to the respective segment:

                                                                       Mine –
                                                      Mine –         produced
                                                    produced           copper          Segment
                                                        gold       concentrate            total     Unallocated     Consolidated
                                                    US$’000           US$’000          US$’000        US$’000          US$’000


            As of December 31, 2023


            Total assets                             551,635        2,226,003        2,777,638           57,078       2,834,716
            Total liabilities                         34,891          991,898        1,026,789           80,186       1,106,975


            As of December 31, 2022


            Total assets                             649,547        2,498,742        3,148,289           46,622       3,194,911
            Total liabilities                         66,669          924,126          990,795          300,686       1,291,481

            For the purposes of monitoring segment performance and allocating resources between segments:

            •     all assets are allocated to operating segments other than certain cash and cash equivalents, other
                  receivables, prepaid expenses and deposits, right-of-use assets, property, plant and equipment and equity
                  instruments at FVTOCI; and

            •     all liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than other payables and accrued expenses, lease
                  liabilities, deferred income and certain borrowings.




104     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Segment information (Cont’d)
     (c)   Other segment information (included in the measure of segment profit or loss or segment assets regularly provided
           to the CODM)
                                                                   Mine –
                                                    Mine –       produced
                                                  produced         copper          Segment
                                                      gold     concentrate            total    Unallocated     Consolidated
                                                  US$’000         US$’000          US$’000       US$’000          US$’000

           For the year ended
             December 31, 2023

           Additions of property, plant
             and equipment                           2,113          40,163          42,276                –         42,276
           Additions of right-of-use assets             49           1,762           1,811                –          1,811
           Depreciation of property, plant
             and equipment                         (56,665)        (50,281)       (106,946)              (1)      (106,947)
           Amortisation of mining rights              (917)         (9,494)        (10,411)               –        (10,411)
           Depreciation of right-of-use
             assets                                 (3,601)           (611)         (4,212)           (100)          (4,312)
           Impairment loss of other
             non-current assets                           –         (1,872)         (1,872)               –          (1,872)


           For the year ended
             December 31, 2022

           Additions of property, plant
             and equipment                           2,347          32,804          35,151                –         35,151
           Additions of right-of-use assets         21,203               –          21,203                –         21,203
           Depreciation of property, plant
             and equipment                         (77,683)        (85,721)       (163,404)              (3)      (163,407)
           Amortisation of mining rights            (1,786)        (39,630)        (41,416)               –        (41,416)
           Depreciation of right-of-use
             assets                                 (2,788)           (325)         (3,113)           (104)          (3,217)

     (d) Geographical information
           The Group operated in two geographical areas, Canada and the PRC. The Group’s corporate division located
           in Canada does not have any revenue and therefore is not presented as an operating segment. During the
           years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Group’s revenue was generated from gold sales and copper
           multi-products to customers in the PRC. Approximately 98% (2022: 99%) of non-current assets of the Group
           are located in the PRC.

     (e)   Information about major customers
           Revenue from major customers which accounts for 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue are sales of
           gold doré bars and copper concentrate including other by-products to CNG and its subsidiaries as disclosed
           in note 30(a). No third-party customers of the corresponding years contribute over 10% or more of the total
           sales of the Group.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




6.    GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
                                                                                           Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                         December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                 2023                  2022
                                                                                             US$’000               US$’000


      Administration and office                                                                  5,080                 6,418
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                              7,555                 8,441
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                          100                   103
      Professional fees                                                                          3,588                 4,732
      Salaries and benefits                                                                     14,499                16,101
      Others                                                                                     8,128                17,055


      Total general and administrative expenses                                                 38,950                52,850


7.    FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                           Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                         December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                 2023                  2022
                                                                                             US$’000               US$’000


      Interests on borrowings                                                                   21,343                25,358
      Interests on lease liabilities                                                                91                   120
      Accretion on environmental rehabilitation (note 28)                                        3,785                 5,347


                                                                                                25,219                30,825
      Less: Amounts capitalised to property, plant and equipment                                  (245)                  (87)


      Total finance costs                                                                       24,974                30,738


      Interest has been capitalised at a capitalisation rate representing the weighted average interest to general borrowings.

                                                                                           Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                         December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                 2023                  2022
                                                                                                   %                     %


      Capitalisation rate                                                                          2.27                  2.62




106     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




8.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE/DEFERRED TAXATION
     The Company was incorporated in Canada and is subject to Canadian federal and provincial tax requirements which
     are calculated at 27% (2022: 27%) of the estimated assessable profit for the year ended December 31, 2023. Since
     its incorporation, the Company had no assessable profit subject to Canadian federal and provincial tax requirements.
     PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) is calculated at the prevailing tax rate of 25% (2022: 25%) on the estimated taxable
     profit of the group entities located in the PRC for the year ended December 31, 2023 except as described below.

     Pursuant to the Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT” Law) effective on January 1, 2008, Inner Mongolia Pacific
     Mining Co., Ltd. (“IMP”) is a certified “High and New Technology Enterprise” which is entitled to a preferential tax
     rate of 15% for three years from the year ended December 31, 2021 and eligible for renewal every three years. Such
     certificate will expire in September 2024.

     Pursuant to the Tibet Administration (2021) Notice on Investment Promotion (“No. 9”), effective on April 7, 2021
     and Tibet Administration (2022) No. 11 Notice on Provisional Implementation Measures on Enterprise Income Tax
     (“No.11”), effective on April 29, 2022, Huatailong, which is certified as a “High and New Technology Enterprise”
     and established in the westward development area of the PRC, is entitled to preferential tax rate of 15% (2022:
     15%) of taxable profit and enjoys the exemption on local income tax. As such that Huatailong is entitled to a reduced
     preferential tax rate of 9% for three years from the year ended December 31, 2021, set to expire in September 2024.

     Pursuant to No.9 and No.11, Metrorkongka County Jiama Industry and Trade Co., Ltd. (“Jiama Industry and Trade”),
     established in the westward development area of the PRC, employs 70% or above of its employees who are Tibet
     Permanent Residents and enjoy the exemption on local income tax, thus Jiama Industry and Trade is entitled to a
     reduced preferential tax rate of 15% for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.

     Under the EIT Law and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, except for the preferential treatments available
     to certain subsidiaries as mentioned above, other subsidiaries within the Group operating in the PRC are subject to
     EIT at the statutory rate of 25% during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.

     Under relevant PRC Tax Law, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by the
     PRC subsidiaries from January 1, 2008 onwards. Except the Group has recognised deferred taxation US$17,359,000
     on retained profits of the PRC subsidiary of US$173,840,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, no deferred
     taxation has been provided for in the consolidated financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable
     to accumulated distributable profits of the other PRC subsidiaries amounting to approximately US$$758,079,000 at
     December 31, 2023 (2022: US$783,389,000) as the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of temporary
     differences and it is probable the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

     Taxation for other relevant jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in each of those jurisdictions respectively.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023       107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




8.    INCOME TAX EXPENSE/DEFERRED TAXATION (Cont’d)
      Tax expense comprises:

                                                                                          Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                        December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                2023                 2022
                                                                                            US$’000              US$’000

      Current tax expense – PRC EIT                                                           12,459                27,293
      Current tax expense – PRC withholding income tax on profit earned
        from PRC subsidiaries                                                                 16,969                10,939
      (Overprovision) underprovision in prior year – PRC EIT                                  (1,478)                   96
      Deferred tax (credit) expense – PRC EIT                                                 (6,293)                4,594
      Deferred tax (credit) expense – PRC withholding income tax on profit
        earned from PRC subsidiaries                                                         (17,359)                6,941


      Total income tax expense                                                                  4,298               49,863


      The income tax expense for the Group can be reconciled to the (loss) profit before income tax for the year as follows:

                                                                                          Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                        December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                2023                 2022
                                                                                            US$’000              US$’000

      (Loss) profit before income tax                                                        (18,671)              275,264


      PRC EIT tax rates                                                                          25%                   25%


      Tax at the PRC EIT tax rates                                                             (4,668)              68,816
      Tax effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in other
        jurisdictions                                                                             736                  211
      Tax effect of concessionary tax rate                                                      3,694              (43,083)
      Tax effect of tax losses and other deductible temporary differences not
        recognised                                                                              1,454                   13
      Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                     1,847                2,572
      Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                           (225)              (2,620)
      Impacts on foreign exchange                                                                 173                7,097
      Utilisation of deductible temporary differences previously not recognised                     –                 (806)
      Withholding tax in respect of profit earned from PRC subsidiaries                             –               17,359
      Withholding tax in respect of interest income earned from PRC
        subsidiaries                                                                            2,765                  208
      (Overprovision) uderprovision of PRC EIT in prior year                                   (1,478)                  96


                                                                                                4,298               49,863




108     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




8.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE/DEFERRED TAXATION (Cont’d)
     The following are the major deferred tax (assets) liabilities recognised and movements thereon during the current
     and prior years:

                                                                                                               Distributable
                                          Environmental           Mining                                           profits of
                                           rehabilitation        rights(1)     Inventories          Others     subsidiaries            Total
                                               US$’000          US$’000          US$’000          US$’000          US$’000          US$’000


     At January 1, 2022                         (12,284)        114,578             1,814             (688)          10,418         113,838
     (Credit) charge to profit or loss           (1,067)         (5,548)            4,641            6,568            6,941          11,535


     At December 31, 2022                       (13,351)        109,030             6,455            5,880           17,359         125,373
     Charge (credit) to profit or loss            2,451          (1,330)            1,626           (9,040)         (17,359)        (23,652)


     At December 31, 2023                       (10,900)        107,700             8,081           (3,160)                –        101,721

     (1)
           Amount represents deferred tax liability arising from the fair value adjustment on mining rights during the business acquisition of
           Skyland Mining Limited and its subsidiaries (“Skyland”) in December 2010.

     For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets and
     liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                            2023                     2022
                                                                                                          US$’000                  US$’000


     Deferred tax assets                                                                                        –                        –
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                            (101,721)                (125,373)


                                                                                                         (101,721)                (125,373)




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023         109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




8.    INCOME TAX EXPENSE/DEFERRED TAXATION (Cont’d)
      The Group’s unrecognised deferred income tax assets are as follows:

                                                                                            2023                 2022
                                                                                          US$’000              US$’000


      Deferred income tax assets
        Tax losses carry forwards                                                          23,837               22,855
        Other deductible temporary differences                                              1,660                1,188


      Total unrecognised deferred income tax assets                                        25,497               24,043


      Due to the unpredictability of future profit streams, deferred tax asset of US$23,837,000 (2022: US$22,855,000)
      has not been recognised in respect of unused tax losses of US$100 million (2022: US$95 million) which are mainly
      generated from the Company. Under Canadian tax laws, unused tax losses can be carried forward for 20 years if the
      loss arises in tax years ended after December 31, 2005. Included in unrecognised tax losses are losses of US$77
      million that will expire from 2027 to 2043 (2022: US$74 million that will expire from 2027 to 2040). Other losses
      may be carried forward indefinitely.

      Other deductible temporary differences of US$1 million (2022: US$1 million) are primarily comprised of share issue
      costs and cumulative eligible capital expenditures that were incurred by the Company which are tax deductible
      according to the relevant tax law in Canada. No deferred tax asset has been recognised because the amount of
      future taxable profit that will be available to realize such assets is unpredictable and not probable.




110    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




9.   PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                        Year ended        Year ended
                                                                                      December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                              2023              2022
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000

     Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging (crediting):
     Auditor’s remuneration                                                                   737                  683


     Depreciation included in cost of sales and inventories                                99,390            154,736
     Depreciation included in research and development expenses                                 2                230
     Depreciation included in general and administrative expenses (note 6)                  7,555              8,441


     Total depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                  106,947            163,407


     Depreciation included in cost of sales and inventories                                  4,212                3,114
     Depreciation included in general and administrative expenses (note 6)                     100                  103


     Total depreciation of right-of-use assets                                               4,312                3,217


     Amortisation of mining rights (included in cost of sales)                             10,411                41,416


     Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                         (23)                   –


     Staff costs
       Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (note 10)                                  534                   538
       Staff salaries and benefits                                                         12,723                14,767
       Retirement benefits contributions                                                    1,242                   796


     Total salaries and benefits included in administrative expenses (note 6)              14,499                16,101
     Total salaries and benefits included in cost of sales and inventories                 51,476                60,820
     Total salaries and benefits included in research and development
       expenses                                                                              2,228               11,575


     Total staff costs                                                                     68,203                88,496


     Bank interest income                                                                   (4,503)              (4,685)


     Government grants                                                                       (829)               (1,548)


     Allowance for credit losses of trade and other receivables, net                         1,668                1,718


     (Reversal) write-down of inventories                                                      (41)                453


                                                                                            Annual Report 2023     111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




9.    PROFIT FOR THE YEAR (Cont’d)
      During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group had entered into barter transactions of RMB73 million
      (equivalent to US$11 million) with independent third parties regarding exchange of gold bearing materials. The
      directors estimated the fair values of the inventories given up and received approximated the same and no gain or
      loss was recognised. There was no barter transactions had been entered into by the Group during the year ended
      December 31, 2023.

10. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
      (a)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
            Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules
            and CO, is as follows:

            For the year ended December 31, 2023

                                                                                  Salaries      Retirement
                                                                                 and other         benefits
                                                                     Fees          benefits   contributions         Total
                                                                  US$’000         US$’000         US$’000        US$’000


            Executive Director and Chief Executive
              (Note a)
            Junhu Tong                                                   –               –               –              –


            Executive Directors (Note b)
            Weibin Zhang                                                 –            220                8            228
            Na Tian                                                      –              –                –              –
            Yuanhui Fu                                                   –            106                3            109


            Non-executive Director (Note c)
            Wanming Wang                                                 –               –               –              –


            Independent Non-executive Directors
              (Note d)
            Yingbin Ian He                                              54               –               3             57
            Wei Shao                                                    46               –               2             48
            Bielin Shi                                                  46               –               –             46
            Ruixia (Rane) Han                                           46               –               –             46


                                                                      192             326               16            534




112    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




10. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
    (Cont’d)
   (a)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Cont’d)
         For the year ended December 31, 2022

                                                                   Salaries     Retirement
                                                                 and other         benefits
                                                       Fees        benefits   contributions        Total
                                                    US$’000       US$’000         US$’000       US$’000


         Executive Director and Chief Executive
           (Note a)
         Junhu Tong                                       –              –               –            –
         Liangyou Jiang                                   –              –               –            –


         Executive Directors (Note b)
         Shiliang Guan                                    –           165                –          165
         Weibin Zhang                                     –           143                7          150
         Na Tian                                          –             2                –            2
         Yuanhui Fu                                       –            19                –           19


         Non-executive Director (Note c)
         Wanming Wang                                     –              –               –            –


         Independent Non-executive Directors
           (Note d)
         Yingbin Ian He                                 56               –               3           59
         Wei Shao                                       48               –               3           51
         Bielin Shi                                     46               –               –           46
         Ruixia (Rane) Han                              46               –               –           46


                                                       196            329               13          538




                                                                               Annual Report 2023   113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




10. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
    (Cont’d)
      (a)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Cont’d)
            Notes:
            (a)      Mr. Junhu Tong was appointed as Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) effective from October 27, 2022, and is re-designated from
                     a non-executive director to an executive director of the Company. He is also employed by CNG and his emolument payments
                     are centralised and made by CNG for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. Mr. Liangyou Jiang resigned as executive
                     director and CEO effective from October 27, 2022. Mr. Liangyou Jiang is also employed by CNG and his emolument payments
                     are centralised and made by CNG for the year ended December 31, 2022.
            (b)      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the affairs
                     of the Company and the Group.
                     Effective from October 27, 2022, Mr. Yuanhui Fu was appointed as executive directors and vice president of the Company.
                     Mr. Shiliang Guan resigned as executive director effective from October 27, 2022.
            (c)      The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as directors of the Company. Effective
                     from October 27, 2022, Mr. Wanming Wang was appointed as a non-executive director following the re-designation of Mr.
                     Junhu Tong that being an executive director of the Company.
            (d)      The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as directors of the Company.

            For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, none of the directors of the Company waived or agreed
            to waive any emoluments.

      (b) Five highest paid employees
            The five highest paid employees included two (2022: two) directors for the year ended December 31, 2023.
            The emoluments of the three (2022: three) non-director employees for the year ended December 31, 2023,
            are as follows:

                                                                                                           Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                                         December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                                 2023                  2022
                                                                                                             US$’000               US$’000


            Employees
             Salaries and other benefits                                                                          378                      434
             Retirement benefits contributions                                                                      8                        8


                                                                                                                  386                      442




114    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




10. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
    (Cont’d)
   (b) Five highest paid employees (Cont’d)
        The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration fell
        within the following band is as follows:

                                                                                       No. of individuals
                                                                                         2023                 2022


        Nil to HK$1,000,000 (equivalent to approximately US$129,000)                         1                    1
        HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
          US$129,001 to US$193,000)                                                          2                    2


        During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors
        of the Company or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
        compensation for loss of office.

11. DIVIDEND
   During the year ended December 31, 2023, a dividend in respect of the year ended December 31, 2022 of US$0.37
   (2022: US$0.25) per common share amounting to US$146,673,000 (2022: US$99,103,000) was declared and paid
   to the shareholders of the Company.

12. (LOSS) EARNINGS PER SHARE
   (Loss) profit used in determining earnings per share are presented below:

                                                                                   Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                 December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                         2023                 2022


   (Loss) profit attributable to owners of the Company for the purposes
     of basic earnings per share (US$’000)                                             (25,500)             222,743


   Weighted average number of common shares, basic                                396,413,753           396,413,753


   Basic (loss) earnings per share (US cents)                                            (6.43)               56.19


   The Group had no outstanding potential dilutive instruments issued as at December 31, 2023 and 2022 and during
   the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. Therefore, no diluted earnings per share is presented.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2023    115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




13. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS/RESTRICTED BALANCES
      Cash and cash equivalents of the Group are comprised of cash on hand and bank balances. The Group’s cash and
      cash equivalents and restricted balances denominated in the foreign currencies other than the respective group
      entities’ functional currencies are presented below:

                                                                                                       December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                              2023                     2022
                                                                                                           US$’000                  US$’000


      Denominated in:
        Canadian dollars                                                                                          238                      191
        Renminbi (“RMB”)                                                                                       72,870                  114,878
        US$                                                                                                         4                        4
        Hong Kong dollars                                                                                       4,138                    2,857


                                                                                                               77,250                  117,930


      The bank balances carry interest rates ranging from 0.001% to 5.25% (2022: 0.001% to 2.65%) per annum.

      Restricted balances carry interest at market rates ranging from 0.46% to 1.35% (2022: 1.55%) per annum. The
      balance as at December 31, 2023 represents deposits that have been frozen by the Tibet Intermediate Court in
      relation to the litigations involved by Huatailong (2022: deposits pledged to banks to secure bills payable issued to
      suppliers for mining costs). Details of litigations are set out in note 31.

14. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                       December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                              2023                     2022
                                                                                                           US$’000                  US$’000


      Trade receivables                                                                                         1,466                     1,112
      Less: allowance for credit losses                                                                          (105)                     (106)


                                                                                                                1,361                     1,006
      Amounts due from related companies (note 30(a))(1)                                                          654                       965
      Other receivables(2)                                                                                     15,061                     6,747


      Total trade and other receivables                                                                        17,076                     8,718


      At January 1, 2022, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to US$1,148,000.

      (1)
               The amounts are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.
      (2)
               Included in the balance as at December 31, 2023 are US$8,837,000 value-added tax (“VAT”) recoverable (2022: nil) and Tax and
               Other Surcharges (as defined in note 21) of US$3,223,000 (2022: US$4,911,000) to be recovered from Zhongxinfang Tibet Construction
               Investment Co. Ltd. (“Zhongxinfang”), an independent third party property developer. Details of the impairment assessment of the
               receivable amount from Zhongxinfang are set out in note 31.




116         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




14. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Cont’d)
   The Group allows an average credit period of 30 days and 180 days to its trade customers.

   Below is an aged analysis of trade receivables (net of allowance for credit losses) presented based on invoice dates,
   which approximated the respective revenue recognition dates, at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                   December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                          2023                     2022
                                                                                                       US$’000                  US$’000


   Less than 30 days                                                                                           60                        24
   31 to 90 days                                                                                               17                       347
   91 to 180 days                                                                                              49                       595
   Over 180 days                                                                                            1,235                        40


   Total trade receivables                                                                                  1,361                     1,006


   In determining the recoverability of a trade receivable, the Group considers any change in the credit quality of the
   trade receivable from the date credit was initially granted up to the reporting date.

15. PREPAID EXPENSES AND DEPOSITS
                                                                                                   December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                          2023                     2022
                                                                                                       US$’000                  US$’000


   Deposits for mine supplies and services (Note a)                                                             53                       92
   Deposits for spare parts (Note a)                                                                            16                      159
   Deposit for acquisition of property, plant and equipment (Note b)                                           768                      735
   Prepaid property and machinery insurance                                                                     13                       14
   Other prepayment and deposits                                                                               257                      545


                                                                                                            1,107                     1,545
   Less: Amounts that will be settled or utilised within one year shown
           under current assets                                                                               (339)                    (810)


   Amounts that will be settled or utilised for more than one year shown
    under non-current assets                                                                                   768                      735


   Notes:
   a.       As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, the amount represents deposits paid to third party vendors for purchasing of raw materials,
            consumable, spare parts and mine services.
   b.       The amount represents deposits paid to third party contractors for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment to expand its
            mining capacity in Tibet, the PRC. The amount is shown as non-current asset.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023          117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




16. INVENTORIES
                                                                                     December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                         US$’000            US$’000


      Gold in process                                                                    221,656            221,807
      Gold doré bars                                                                      24,842             22,110
      Consumables                                                                         15,356             17,409
      Copper concentrate                                                                     606              5,613
      Spare parts                                                                         29,093             26,150


      Total inventories                                                                  291,553            293,089


      Inventories totalling US$317,657,000 (2022: US$709,390,000) for the year ended December 31, 2023 was recognised
      in cost of sales.

17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                        Leasehold           Leased            Leased
                                                            lands        equipment         properties          Total
                                                         US$’000          US$’000           US$’000         US$’000


      At December 31, 2023
      Carrying amount                                     38,297             1,368               126          39,791


      At December 31, 2022
      Carrying amount                                     40,424             1,837               226          42,487

      For the year ended December 31, 2023
      Depreciation charge                                  3,743              469                100           4,312


      For the year ended December 31, 2022
      Depreciation charge                                  2,644              469                104           3,217




118     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Cont’d)
                                                                                       Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                     December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                             2023                 2022
                                                                                         US$’000              US$’000


   Total cash outflow for leases                                                             1,450                21,831


   Additions to right-of-use assets                                                          1,811                21,203


   For both years, the Group leases leasehold lands, equipment and office premises for its operations. The lease terms of
   leasehold lands are 2 years to in perpetuity (2022: 50 years to in perpetuity). Lease contracts of office premises and
   equipment are entered into for a fixed term of 5 years (2022: 5 years). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual
   basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the
   length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for
   which the contract is enforceable.

   The Group obtained several land use right certificates for leasehold lands where its mining facilities are primarily
   located. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire these leasehold lands. The leasehold lands are presented
   separately.

   During the years ended December 31, 2023, the Group leased two pieces of cultivated land from herdsmen and
   paid the related farmland usage tax, which the Group has recognised right-of-use assets of US$1,762,000 and
   environmental rehabilitation of US$965,000 respectively at initial recognition. During the year ended December 31,
   2022, the Group paid the additions of right-of-use assets resulting from lease modification of leasehold land. On the
   date of lease modification, the Group recognised right-of-use assets of US$21,203,000.

   The Group depreciated the leasehold lands using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
   leasehold land.

   Restrictions or covenants on leases
   In addition, lease liabilities of US$1,477,000 are recognised with related right-of-use assets of US$1,494,000 as
   at December 31, 2023 (2022: lease liabilities of US$2,017,000 are recognised with related right-of-use assets of
   US$2,063,000). The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased
   assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023     119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




18. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI
                                                                                                          December 31,              December 31,
                                                                                                                 2023                      2022
                                                                                                              US$’000                   US$’000


      Listed investments:
      Equity securities listed in Hong Kong (Note a)                                                              46,328                     36,509


      Unlisted investments:
      Equity securities (Note b)                                                                                      825                        839


      Total                                                                                                       47,153                     37,348


      Notes:
      a.       The above listed equity investments represent ordinary shares of an entity listed in Hong Kong. These investments are not held
               for trading, instead, they are held for long-term strategic purposes. The directors of the Company have elected to designate these
               investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair
               value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and
               realising their performance potential in the long run.
               The investment of China Nonferrous Mining Corporation Limited (“CNMC”), a listed company in Hong Kong, represents 2.03%
               equity interest in CNMC. CNMC is engaged in mining, processing and trading of nonferrous metals in Zambia. During the year ended
               December 31, 2023, a fair value gain of US$9,819,000 (2022: US$8,468,000) was recognised in other comprehensive income and
               accumulated under the heading of investments revaluation reserve in accordance with the Group’s accounting policies.
      b.       The above unlisted equity investments represent the Group’s equity interests in two (2022: two) private entities established in the
               PRC. The directors of the Company have elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe
               that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s
               strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.
               As at December 31, 2023, the carrying amount of RMB5,838,000 approximately US$825,000 (2022: RMB5,838,000, approximately
               US$839,000), representing 7.425% share interest in Tibet Zhongjin Xinlian Demolition Engineering Co. Ltd. (“Tibet Zhongjin Xinlian”)
               and 4% share interest in Tibet Electric Power Trading Center Co., Ltd. (“Tibet Electric”). Tibet Zhongjin Xinlian is established in the
               PRC and principally engaged in the development and manufacturing of explosives. Tibet Electric is established in the PRC and is
               principally engaged in the trading of electric power in the PRC. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the fair value
               change of unlisted investments are insignificant and has not been recognised for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.




120        China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




19. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                               Furniture   Machinery                                            Construction
                                                              and office         and      Motor        Leasehold     Mineral     in progress
                                      Buildings   Crushers    equipment    equipment    vehicles    improvements      assets         (“CIP”)        Total
                                      US$’000     US$’000      US$’000      US$’000     US$’000         US$’000     US$’000         US$’000      US$’000

   COST
   At January 1, 2022                 708,028     227,332       12,770      326,763      12,172              98    1,471,126          1,996    2,760,285
   Additions                              378           –          379        8,729         545               –       20,237          4,883       35,151
   Transfer from CIP                      672           –            –            –           –               –            –           (672)           –
   Environmental rehabilitation
       adjustment (note 28)                  –           –            –           –           –               –       30,354              –       30,354
   Exchange realignment                (57,537)          –         (858)    (23,257)       (781)              –      (80,235)          (297)    (162,965)


   At December 31, 2022               651,541     227,332       12,291      312,235      11,936              98    1,441,482         5,910     2,662,825
   Additions                              428           –        1,929        3,801         799               –        1,502        33,817        42,276
   Transfer from CIP                    1,292           –        1,528            –           –               –        1,340        (4,160)            –
   Transfer out to CIP arising from
      the Overflow (note 1)           (127,131)          –            –            –          –               –            –        90,852       (36,279)
   Environmental rehabilitation
      adjustment (note 28)                   –           –            –            –          –               –       (9,453)             –       (9,453)
   Disposals                                 –           –            –            –       (863)              –            –              –         (863)
   Exchange realignment                 (9,760)          –         (166)      (4,298)      (144)              –      (15,553)          (708)     (30,629)


   At December 31, 2023               516,370     227,332       15,582      311,738      11,728              98    1,419,318       125,711     2,627,877


   ACCUMULATED
       DEPRECIATION
   At January 1, 2022                 (169,337)   (150,439)      (7,616)   (156,367)     (7,253)            (98)   (465,193)              –     (956,303)
   Provided for the year               (33,379)    (18,505)      (1,007)    (23,569)       (893)              –     (86,054)              –     (163,407)
   Exchange realignment                 13,963           –          516      10,225         437               –      10,989               –       36,130


   At December 31, 2022               (188,753)   (168,944)      (8,107)   (169,711)     (7,709)            (98)   (540,258)              –    (1,083,580)
   Provided for the year               (23,500)    (18,505)      (1,561)    (18,944)       (885)              –     (43,552)              –      (106,947)
   Transfer out to CIP arising from
       the Overflow (note 1)           36,279            –            –           –           –               –           –               –       36,279
   Eliminated on disposals                  –            –            –           –         820               –           –               –          820
   Exchange realignment                 2,761            –          106       2,146          86               –       2,353               –        7,452


   At December 31, 2023               (173,213)   (187,449)      (9,562)   (186,509)     (7,688)            (98)   (581,457)              –    (1,145,976)


   CARRYING VALUE
   At December 31, 2023               343,157      39,883         6,020     125,229       4,040               –     837,861        125,711     1,481,901


   At December 31, 2022               462,788      58,388         4,184     142,524       4,227               –     901,224           5,910    1,579,245



                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023              121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




19. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Cont’d)
      The above items of property, plant and equipment, except for mineral assets and construction in progress, taking
      into account the residual value, are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
      related assets as follows:

      Buildings                                         Over the shorter of the term of lease, or 24 years
      Crushers                                          10 to 14 years
      Furniture and office equipment                    2 to 5 years
      Machinery and equipment                           2 to 10 years
      Motor vehicles                                    5 to 10 years
      Leasehold improvements                            Over the shorter of the term of lease, or 5.5 years

      Mineral assets mainly represent drilling, stripping and related costs incurred on sites with an existing mine and
      on areas within the boundary of a known mineral deposit which contains proven and probable reserves and are
      capitalised when they are incurred to improve access to the future ores. Mineral assets are depreciated using the
      unit-of-production method based on the actual production volume over the estimated total proven and probable
      reserves of the mines.

      Mineral Assets
      (a)   CSH Gold Mine
            CSH Gold Mine, in which the Group holds a 96.5% equity interest, consists of a licensed area in the western
            part of Inner Mongolia, northern China. The site is centrally positioned within the east-west-trending Tian Shan
            Gold Belt. The carrying value of the CSH Gold Mine in relation to mineral assets is US$141,266,000 as at
            December 31, 2023 (December 31, 2022: US$174,879,000).

      (b)   Jiama Mine
            The Jiama Mine, a large copper-gold polymetallic deposit consisting of skarn-type and hornfels-type mineralization
            located in Metrorkongka County in Tibet, in which the Group holds 100% equity interest through its wholly-
            owned subsidiary, Skyland. The Group acquired Skyland on December 1, 2010. The carrying value of the
            Jiama Mine in relation to mineral assets is US$696,595,000 as at December 31, 2023 (December 31, 2022:
            US$726,345,000).




122     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




20. MINING RIGHTS
                                                                                                                                   US$’000


   COST
   At January 1, 2022                                                                                                            1,018,204
   Exchange realignment                                                                                                             (7,104)


   At December 31, 2022                                                                                                          1,011,100
   Exchange realignment                                                                                                             (1,175)


   At December 31, 2023                                                                                                          1,009,925


   ACCUMULATED AMORTISATION
   At January 1, 2022                                                                                                             (186,648)
   Provided for the year                                                                                                           (41,416)
   Exchange realignment                                                                                                              1,434


   At December 31, 2022                                                                                                           (226,630)
   Provided for the year                                                                                                           (10,411)
   Exchange realignment                                                                                                                233


   At December 31, 2023                                                                                                           (236,808)


   CARRYING VALUE
   At December 31, 2023                                                                                                            773,117


   At December 31, 2022                                                                                                            784,470

   Note:
   The amounts represent two mining rights in the Jiama Mine and CSH Gold Mine. Mining rights in the Jiama Mine are in relation to the
   copper and other by-products production, acquired through the acquisition of Skyland. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the
   mining permit of Jiama Mine was renewed in October 2023 at nil consideration and will expire in October 2043. The mining permit of CSH
   Gold Mine was renewed in March 2019 and will expire in June 2026. The Group considers that it will be able to renew the mining rights
   with the relevant government authority continuously until the end of mine life.
   Pursuant to the Notice, there is uncertainty on the amount that Huatailong is required to make payment arising from the mining right to the
   PRC government as compensation fees for using the stated-owned natural resources in the PRC and the determination involved complex
   circumstances, judgements and verification by governments, as at December 31, 2023 and up to the date these consolidated financial
   statements are authorised for issue, no provision is made by Huatailong regarding the payment arising from the mining right. Details of the
   judgments and estimation uncertainty are set out in note 4.
   Amortisation on mining rights acquired is provided to write off the cost of the mining rights using the unit-of-production method based on
   the actual production volume over the estimated total proven and probable reserves of the mines.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023          123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




21. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Group entered into a cooperation agreement (the “Cooperation
      Agreement”) with Zhongxinfang in relation to the development of a composite project in Lhasa, Tibet, China. Pursuant
      to the Cooperation Agreement, the Group agreed to transfer the land use right for the development and Zhongxinfang
      agreed to compensate the Group by transferring a block of the buildings and twenty car parks (the “New Premises”)
      within two years from the date of the Cooperation Agreement (the “Land Exchange”) and all related tax exposures
      including but not limited to land appreciation tax, EIT and other surcharge related to the Land Exchange (the “Tax and
      Other Surcharge”). During the year ended December 31, 2019, the land use right was transferred to Zhongxinfang.
      Accordingly, the Group derecognised the right-of-use assets and recognised the right to receive the New Premises,
      which approximates the fair value of the New Premises at the date of transfer and the other receivables relating
      to the tax reimbursement from Zhongxinfang. The right to receive the New Premises was initially recognised at its
      fair value and subsequently carried at cost less impairment. Based on the Cooperation Agreement, Zhongxinfang is
      obligated to deliver the New Premises to the Group no later than May 31, 2021.

      As at December 31, 2023 and up to the date these consolidated financial statements are authorised for issue,
      the composite project is still suspended due to litigations against Zhongxinfang and the New Premises are still not
      delivered to Huatailong. Based on Group’s assessment on the status of the New Premises and taking into account
      the valuation of the New Premises by using sales comparison method under market approach as its fair value less
      cost of disposal, impairment loss of RMB13,328,000 (equivalent to US$1,872,000) (2022: nil) has been made during
      the year ended December 31, 2023 and the carrying amount of the other non-current assets are RMB111,924,000
      (equivalent to US$15,802,000) as at December 31, 2023 (2022: RMB125,252,000 (equivalent to US$17,984,000)).

22. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED EXPENSES
      Accounts and other payables of the Group are principally comprised of amounts outstanding for trade purchases
      relating to minerals production activities and construction activities. The average credit period taken for trade
      purchases is between 120 to 150 days.

      Accounts and other payables and accrued expenses comprise the following:

                                                                                        December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                               2023                 2022
                                                                                            US$’000              US$’000


      Accounts payable                                                                        18,866                38,808
      Bills payable                                                                                –                31,523
      Construction costs payable                                                             100,769               118,123
      Mining cost accrual                                                                          –                 1,512
      Payroll and benefit payable                                                                257                   324
      Other accruals                                                                           1,606                 1,323
      Other tax payables                                                                       1,543                15,329
      Payable for litigation compensation (note 31)                                           22,828                     –
      Other payables                                                                           8,806                 6,268
      Payable for acquisition of a mining right                                                3,575                 4,848


      Total accounts and other payables and accrued expenses                                 158,250               218,058




124     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




22. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED EXPENSES (Cont’d)
   The following is an aging analysis of the accounts payable presented based on the invoice date at the end of the
   reporting period:

                                                                                      December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                             2023               2022
                                                                                          US$’000            US$’000


   Less than 30 days                                                                         1,830               18,452
   31 to 90 days                                                                             4,398                7,520
   91 to 180 days                                                                            3,934                2,864
   Over 180 days                                                                             8,704                9,972


   Total accounts payable                                                                  18,866                38,808


   The credit period for bills payable is 180 days from the bills issue date.

   The following is an ageing analysis of bills payable, presented based on bills issue date at the end of the reporting
   period:

                                                                                      December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                             2023               2022
                                                                                          US$’000            US$’000


   Less than 30 days                                                                             –                7,604
   31 to 60 days                                                                                 –                2,050
   61 to 90 days                                                                                 –                5,599
   91 to 180 days                                                                                –               16,270


   Total bills payable                                                                           –               31,523




                                                                                            Annual Report 2023     125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




23. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                          December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                 2023                  2022
                                                                                              US$’000               US$’000


      Sales of copper concentrate                                                                     71                 6,255


      At January 1, 2022, contract liabilities amounted to US$10,265,000.

      The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised relates to carried-forward contract liabilities.

                                                                                                Copper concentrate
                                                                                          December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                 2023                  2022
                                                                                              US$’000               US$’000


      Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liability balance
        at the beginning of the year                                                               6,255                10,265


      Typical payment terms which have an impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognised are as follows:

      When the Group receives a deposit before the goods are delivered, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start
      of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit. The Group
      typically receives 100% deposit on acceptance of sales orders for copper concentrate including other by-products.

24. BORROWINGS
                                                                                          December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                 2023                  2022
                                                                                              US$’000               US$’000


      Bank loans                                                                                656,344                533,722
      Loans payable to a CNG’s subsidiary (note 30)                                              81,890                      –
      Bonds(1)                                                                                        –                299,346


                                                                                                738,234                833,068




126     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




24. BORROWINGS (Cont’d)
   The borrowings are repayable as follows:

                                                                                 December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                     US$’000             US$’000


   Carrying amount repayable within one year                                          143,523             399,567
   Carrying amount repayable within one to two years                                   66,500              57,433
   Carrying amount repayable within two to five years                                 424,627             201,017
   Carrying amount repayable over five years                                          103,584             175,051


                                                                                      738,234             833,068
   Less: Amounts due within one year (shown under current liabilities)               (143,523)           (399,567)


   Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                        594,711             433,501


   Included in the carrying amounts of borrowings as above, all are bank loans except for loans payables to a CNG’s
   subsidiary amounted to US$81,890,000 are repayable within two to five years as at December 31, 2023 (2022:
   unsecured bonds of US$299,346,000 is repayable within one year).

   Analysed as:

                                                                                 December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                   Notes             US$’000             US$’000

   Unsecured bonds                                                  (1)                     –             299,346
   Secured syndicated loan                                          (2)               301,511             352,570
   Unsecured syndicated loan                                        (3)               124,762             131,185
   Unsecured bank loans                                             (4)                     –              49,967
   Unsecured bank loan                                              (5)                42,357                   –
   Unsecured bank loans                                             (6)                94,597                   –
   Unsecured bank loan                                              (7)                14,117                   –
   Unsecured bank loan                                              (8)                79,000                   –
   Unsecured loans payable to a CNG’s subsidiary                    (9)                56,475                   –
   Unsecured loans payable to a CNG’s subsidiary                   (10)                25,415                   –


                                                                                      738,234             833,068




                                                                                        Annual Report 2023    127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




24. BORROWINGS (Cont’d)
      Notes:
      (1)      On June 23, 2020, the Company (as “Guarantor”), through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Skyland Mining (BVI) Limited (“Skyland
               (BVI)”), completed the issuance of bonds to independent third parties in an aggregate principal amount of US$300 million, listed on
               the Stock Exchange and ChongWa (Macao) Financial Asset Exchange CO., Limited. The bonds were issued at a price of 99.886%,
               bearing coupon rate of 2.80% with a maturity date of June 23, 2023. Interest is payable in equal semi-annual instalments on
               December 23 and June 23 in each year. The bonds were fully repaid on June 23, 2023.
      (2)      Repayable by instalment and will reach full maturity in November 2028. The loan carries a floating interest rate, currently set at
               2.20% (2022: 2.45%) per annum, based on the People’s Bank of China National Interbank Funding Center Loan Prime Rate (“LPR”)
               benchmark.
      (3)      Repayable by instalment and will reach full maturity in April 2033. The loan carries a floating interest rate, currently set at 2.30%
               (2022: 2.60%) per annum, based on the LPR benchmark.
      (4)      Repayable in full in April 2023, carried interest rate of 1.05% and 3.80% per annum.
      (5)      Repayable by instalment and will reach full maturity in May 2026. The loan carries a floating interest rate, currently set at 2.05%
               per annum, based on the LPR benchmark.
      (6)      Repayable by instalment and will reach full maturity in June 2026. These loans carry a floating interest rate, currently set at a range
               from 1.95% to 2.05% per annum, based on the LPR benchmark.
      (7)      Repayable by instalment and will reach full maturity in November 2026. The loan carries a floating interest rate, currently set at
               2.05% per annum, based on the LPR benchmark.
      (8)      Repayable in full in March 2024, carried floating interest rate ranged from 6.23% to 6.32% per annum, based on the Secured
               Overnight Financing Rate benchmark.
      (9)      Repayable in full in May 2026, carried fixed interest rate at 2.05% per annum.
      (10)     Repayable in full in November 2026, carried fixed interest rate at 2.45% per annum.

      In respect of bank loans with carrying amount of US$283,726,000 as at December 31, 2023 (2022: US$181,152,000),
      the Group is required to comply with certain significant financial covenants throughout the continuance of the relevant
      bank loans and/or as long as the bank loans are outstanding, such as the ratio of liabilities to assets of the borrower
      shall not be more than certain percentage; current asset to current liabilities shall be more than 0.5; and the net
      asset of the Group shall not be less than US$1,000 million and so on.

      During the year ended December 31, 2023, in respect of a bank loan with a carrying amount of US$124,762,000
      as at December 31, 2023, the Group has breached the term of the syndicated loan that the carrying amount of
      frozen assets of Huatailong (as details in note 31(i)(a)) has exceeded RMB200,000,000. On discovery of the breach,
      the directors of the Company informed the lender and commenced a renegotiation of the terms of the loan with the
      relevant banker. As at December 31, 2023, the lender has agreed to waive its right to demand immediate payment
      for the next fifteen month from the end of the reporting period, therefore the syndicated loan has been classified as
      non-current liabilities as at December 31, 2023 based on the instalments repayment schedule set out in the loan
      agreement. Except for this, the Group has complied with all other covenants throughout the reporting period.

      Fixed rate loans amounting to approximately US$81,890,000 (December 31, 2022: US$320,596,000), carry weighted
      average effective interest rate of 3.22% (2022: 3.36%) per annum.

      The carrying values of the pledged assets to secure borrowings by the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                          December 31,              December 31,
                                                                                                                 2023                      2022
                                                                                                              US$’000                   US$’000


      Mining rights                                                                                              770,542                   780,978



128     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




25. ENTRUSTED LOAN PAYABLE
    On December 25, 2023, the Group entered into a three-year entrusted loan agreement with CNG (note 30) and China
    National Gold Group Finance Company Limited (“China Gold Finance”), a subsidiary of CNG, in which CNG provided
    a loan of RMB200 million (equivalent to approximately US$28,238,000 based on the spot rate at the withdrawal
    date) to the Group through China Gold Finance as the entrusted bank. The entrusted loan is unsecured and carries
    interest at a fixed rate of 2.45% per annum. The principal amount is to be repaid on December 26, 2026.

26. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                    Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                  December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                          2023                 2022
                                                                                      US$’000              US$’000


    Lease liabilities payable:
      Within one year                                                                       540                   516
      Within a period of more than one year but not more than two years                     472                   545
      Within a period of more than two years but not more than five years                   465                   956


                                                                                          1,477                  2,017
    Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under current
            liabilities                                                                    (540)                 (516)


    Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under non-current
     liabilities                                                                            937                  1,501


    The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities range is 4.71% (2022: 4.72%).

27. DEFERRED INCOME
                                                                                  December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                         2023                 2022
                                                                                      US$’000              US$’000


    Deferred income – government grants                                                       –                   167
    Deferred lease inducement                                                                19                    19


    Total deferred income                                                                    19                   186




                                                                                          Annual Report 2023      129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




27. DEFERRED INCOME (Cont’d)
      Movement in the deferred income – government grants:

                                                                                           2023                 2022
                                                                                         US$’000              US$’000


      At January 1                                                                            167                1,123
      Addition                                                                                101                  569
      Credited to other income                                                               (220)              (1,215)
      Exchange realignment                                                                    (48)                (310)


      At December 31                                                                            –                  167


28. ENVIRONMENTAL REHABILITATION
      The environmental rehabilitation relates to reclamation and closure costs relating to the Group’s mine operations
      at the CSH Gold Mine and Jiama Mine. The environmental rehabilitation is calculated as the net present value of
      estimated future net cash flows of the reclamation and closure costs of US$114,511,000 (2022: US$148,714,000),
      discounted at 5.7% (2022: 5.8%) per annum at December 31, 2023.

      The following is an analysis of the environmental rehabilitation:

                                                                                           2023                 2022
                                                                                         US$’000              US$’000


      At January 1                                                                         92,285              85,112
      Additions to site reclamation (note 17)                                                 965                   –
      Effect on change in discount rate during the year (note 19)                          (9,453)             13,292
      Accretion incurred in the current year                                                3,785               5,347
      Payment during the year                                                             (10,359)             (4,616)
      Exchange realignment                                                                 (1,299)             (6,850)


      At December 31                                                                       75,924              92,285




130     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




29. SHARE CAPITAL
   Common shares
   (i)    Authorized – Unlimited common shares without par value

   (ii)   Issued and outstanding

                                                                                      Number of shares                  Amount
                                                                                                                       US$’000


          Issued & fully paid:
            At January 1, 2022, December 31, 2022 and 2023                                 396,413,753               1,229,061


30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control the other party or exercise significant influence in making
   financial and operation decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control.
   CNG, a state owned company registered in Beijing, PRC, which is controlled by State-owned Assets Supervision and
   Administration Commission of the State Council of the PRC, is able to exercise significant influence over the Company.

   The management believes that information relating to related party transactions have been adequately disclosed in
   accordance with the requirements of IAS 24 Related party Disclosures.

   In addition to the related party transactions and balances shown elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements,
   the following is a summary of significant related party transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business
   between the Group and its related parties for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 and related party
   balances as at December 31, 2023 and 2022.

   Name and relationship with related parties during the years are as follows:

   CNG owned the following percentages of outstanding common shares of the Company:

                                                                                          December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                 2023                   2022
                                                                                                    %                      %


   CNG                                                                                             40.01                  40.01




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023       131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
      (a)   Transactions/balances with CNG and its subsidiaries
            The Group had the following transactions with CNG and CNG’s subsidiaries:

                                                                                   December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                          2023           2022
                                                                                       US$’000        US$’000


            Gold doré bars sales by the Group (Note a)                                  252,600       267,546


            Copper and other by-product sales by the Group (Note b)                     190,852       794,499


            Provision of transportation services by the Group (Note b)                     853           1,000


            Construction, stripping and mining services provided to
              the Group (Note b)                                                         62,882         12,316


            Accrued expenses for short-term property management fee
              (Note b)                                                                     459            466


            Commitment fee                                                                 648            702


            Interest income                                                               3,924          4,403


            Interest expense on borrowings and entrusted loan payable                      731               –


            Interest expense on lease liabilities (Note b)                                  81            104


            Loans (note 24) and entrusted loan (note 25)
              provided to the Group                                                     110,690              –




132    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
   (a)   Transactions/balances with CNG and its subsidiaries (Cont’d)
         Notes:
         a.       On May 7, 2014, the Company’s subsidiary, IMP entered into an exclusive contract for the sale of doré with CNG pursuant to
                  which IMP sells gold doré bars to CNG for the period up to December 31, 2017. On May 26, 2017, the Company and IMP
                  entered into the Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Dore for an extended term commencing on January 1, 2018
                  and expiring on December 31, 2020. On May 6, 2020, the Company and IMP entered into the third Supplemental Contract
                  for Purchase and Sale of Dore for an extended term commencing on January 1, 2022 and expiring on December 31, 2023.
                  On May 11, 2023, the Company and IMP entered into the fourth Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Dore for
                  an extended term commencing on January 1, 2024 and expiring on December 31, 2026.
                  The extent of the continuing connected transactions for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 did not exceed the
                  limit as set out in the announcements of the Company on May 7, 2020.
         b.       On April 26, 2013, the Company entered into a product and service framework agreement with CNG for the provision of mining
                  related services and products to the Company for three years until June 18, 2016. The agreement was amended to extend
                  the term of the agreement to December 31, 2017 and to include copper concentrates sales contract and office lease contract
                  with CNG since May 29, 2015. On May 26, 2017, the Company and CNG entered into the second supplemental product and
                  service framework agreement to extend the term to December 31, 2020 and to extend the scope of the supplemental product
                  and service framework agreement to include leasing services to be provided by Zhongxin International Financial Leasing
                  (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd., the shares of which are 80% owned by CNG. On May 6, 2020, the Company and CNG entered into the
                  third supplemental product and service framework agreement to extend the term to December 31, 2023. On May 11, 2023,
                  the Company and IMP entered into the fourth supplemental product and service framework agreement for an extended term
                  commencing on January 1, 2024 and expiring on December 31, 2026.
                  The extent of the continuing connected transactions for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 did not exceed the
                  limit as set out in the announcements of the Company on May 7, 2020.
         c.       On December 18, 2017, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a deposit services agreement (“Deposit Services
                  Agreement”) pursuant to which the Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, make withdrawals and deposits with
                  China Gold Finance commencing from January 1, 2018 for one year.
                  On December 18, 2018, the Deposit Services Agreement has been extended for a one year term to December 31, 2019
                  pursuant to the supplemental deposit services agreement.
                  On December 31, 2019, the Deposit Services Agreement have been extended for a one year term to December 31, 2020
                  pursuant to the supplemental deposit services agreement, all other terms and conditions remain the same.
                  On December 22, 2020, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a second Deposit Services Agreement to extend
                  for one year term to December 31, 2022 with all other terms and conditions remaining the same. The second Deposit Services
                  Agreement was expired with the effective of the third Deposit Services Agreement on June 30, 2022 as described below.
                  On May 5, 2021, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a third Deposit Services Agreement pursuant to which
                  the Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, make withdrawals and deposits with China Gold Finance up to a
                  daily maximum deposit balance (including interest) not exceeding RMB3,000 million (approximately equivalent to US$465
                  million) and extend for three years term to December 31, 2023 with all other terms and conditions remaining the same and
                  the third Deposit Services Agreement was effective on June 30, 2021.
                  The extend of the connected transaction for deposit services during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 do not
                  exceed the limit as set out in the announcement of the Company on December 23, 2020 and May 6, 2021, except for the
                  period from February 23, 2023 to April 6, 2023 that exceed the limit of RMB3,000 million. Details of the exceeding of the
                  cap are set out in the announcement of the Company on May 19, 2023.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023          133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
      (a)   Transactions/balances with CNG and its subsidiaries (Cont’d)
            The Group has the following significant balances with CNG and its subsidiaries at the end of each reporting period:

                                                                                          December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                 2023                  2022
                                                                                              US$’000               US$’000


            Assets
            Amounts due from related companies (note 14)                                            654                   965
            Cash and cash equivalents held in a CNG’s subsidiary (Note c)                        78,264               386,715
            Restricted balance held in a CNG’s subsidiary (Note c)                               67,693                     –


            Total amounts due from CNG and its subsidiaries                                    146,611                387,680


            Other than the cash and cash equivalents and restricted balance held in a CNG’s subsidiary, the remaining
            amounts due from CNG and its subsidiaries as at December 31, 2023 and 2022, which are included in trade
            and other receivables are non-interest bearing, unsecured and repayable on demand.

                                                                                          December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                 2023                  2022
                                                                                              US$’000               US$’000


            Liabilities
            Entrusted loan payable (note 25)                                                     28,238                     –
            Loans payable to a CNG’s subsidiary (note 24)                                        81,890                     –
            Construction costs payable to CNG’s subsidiaries                                      6,893                   198
            Trade payable to CNG’s subsidiaries                                                   4,742                 3,168
            Amount due to CNG                                                                     2,574                   727
            Contract liabilities with a CNG’s subsidiary                                             68                 6,172
            Lease liabilities to a CNG’s subsidiary                                               1,334                 1,769


            Total amounts due to CNG and its subsidiaries                                      125,739                 12,034


            As at December 31, 2023, with the exception of the entrusted loan payable to CNG, loans payable to a CNG’s
            subsidiary and lease liabilities to a CNG’s subsidiary, the amounts due to CNG and its subsidiaries which are
            included in other payables and construction costs payable, are non-interest bearing, unsecured and have no
            fixed terms of repayments.




134    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
   (b) Compensation of key management personnel
         Other than the directors’ emoluments disclosed in note 10(a), the Group has the following compensation to
         other key management personnel during the years:

                                                                                        Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                      December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                              2023                  2022
                                                                                          US$’000               US$’000


         Salaries and other benefits                                                            250                   514
         Post-employment benefits                                                                 7                     7


                                                                                                257                   521


31. CONTINGENCIES
   (i)   Litigation with Huaxin and Zhongxinfang
         During the year ended December 31, 2020, there was a construction contract dispute between independent
         third parties including the constructor, Huaxin Construction Group Co., Ltd. (formerly named as “Nantong Huaxin
         Construction Group Co., Ltd.”) (“Huaxin”), Zhongxinfang, and the Group’s subsidiary, Huatailong. The land use
         right of a composite project under the construction contract was transferred from Huatailong to Zhongxinfang
         in 2019 pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement in relation to the Land Exchange (as defined in note 21).

         (a)   Litigations with Huaxin and Zhongxinfang for the construction costs
               During the year ended December 31, 2020, Huaxin proceeded a lawsuit against the parties to the
               construction contract, Zhongxinfang and Huatailong, for the recovery of the construction costs of RMB149
               million (equivalent to US$21,319,000) and applied for pre-litigation preservation of assets from Huatailong.
               The Intermediate People’s Court of Lhasa City, Tibet (“Tibet Intermediate Court”), adjudicated that the
               bank deposit of RMB140 million (equivalent to US$19,775,000) of Huatailong to be frozen for one year
               from April 10, 2020 (the “First Adjudication”). Based on the adjudication of Tibet Intermediate Court after
               the First Adjudication on December 1, 2020 and related notice of execution effective from December 3,
               2020, the related frozen bank deposit of US$19,775,000 of Huatailong was released.

               Based on the first instance adjudication dated July 23, 2020 (the “2020 First Instance Adjudication”),
               the litigation ruling adjudicated that Zhongxinfang and Huatailong shall have the joint obligation for
               the construction costs of RMB140 million (equivalent to US$20,070,000) to Huaxin. Pursuant to the
               Cooperation Agreement, Huatailong is not responsible for the construction and the related construction
               works and costs are the sole responsibilities of Zhongxinfang. Huatailong proceeded an appeal against
               the 2020 First Instance Adjudication on August 17, 2020. Subsequently, it was confirmed that Huatailong
               has no obligation for the aforesaid construction costs as the High People’s Court of Lhasa City, Tibet
               (“Tibet High Court”) entered the final instance adjudication dated November 20, 2020 (the “2020 Final
               Instance Adjudication”) and rescinded the First Instance Adjudication.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023      135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




31. CONTINGENCIES (Cont’d)
      (i)   Litigation with Huaxin and Zhongxinfang (Cont’d)
            (a)   Litigations with Huaxin and Zhongxinfang for the construction costs (Cont’d)
                  During the year ended December 31, 2022, Huaxin filed a petition with the Supreme People’s Court of
                  the PRC for a retrial and request re-adjudicating 2020 Final Instance Adjudication, the Supreme People’s
                  Court of the PRC has formed a collegial panel pursuant to law to review this case and ordered Tibet High
                  Court to retry the case. Pursuant to retrial, Tibet High Court entered the final instance adjudication dated
                  June 5, 2023 (the “June 2023 Huaxin Final Instance Adjudication”) and affirmed the 2020 First Instance
                  Adjudication that Zhongxinfang and Huatailong shall have the joint obligation for the construction costs
                  and should pay to Huaxin within 15 days from the effective date of this judgment. Accordingly, Huatailong
                  recognised RMB159 million (equivalent to US$22,828,000) as payable for litigation compensation which
                  is presented under “accounts and other payables and accrued expenses” as at December 31, 2023.

                  As at December 31, 2023 and up to the date these consolidated financial statements are authorised
                  for issue, the payable to Huaxin amounting to US$22,828,000 has not been settled by Huatailong and
                  Huatailong is actively seeking other measures to appeal against the June 2023 Huaxin Final Instance
                  Adjudication and is not yet come up with a result.

                  In addition, on July 24, 2023, Huaxin applied for an enforcement of the June 2023 Final Instance
                  Adjudication (the “July 2023 Enforcement”) and Huatailong has submitted the declaration of its assets
                  to the Tibet Intermediate Court for assessment. As at December 31, 2023 and up to the date these
                  consolidated financial statements are authorised for issue, the assets that have been frozen temporarily
                  by the Tibet Intermediate Court are set out below. The Tibet Intermediate Court has selected valuation
                  institutes to perform valuation assessment on the leasehold lands held by Huatailong and yet to be finalised.
                  Enforcement is currently under proceeding and enforcement rulings is not finalised.

                                                                                                              Carrying amount
                                                                                                                         as at
                                                                                                                December 31,
                                                                                                                        2023
                                                                                                                     US$’000

                  Bank balances                                                                                           116
                  Other non-current assets (note 21)                                                                   15,802
                  Right-of-use assets – leasehold lands                                                                10,982
                  Equity instruments at FVTOCI – unlisted investments (note 18)                                           825
                  Property, plant and equipment – buildings                                                            22,259
                  51% equity interest in Jiama Industry and Trade, a subsidiary
                    of the Company (note 37)                                                                               N/A


                                                                                                                       49,984


                  Other than the bank balances, the Group considers that the remaining frozen assets are merely restricted
                  from transfer or sale, with no impact of the utilization of these assets by Huatailong, and do not affect
                  the Huatailong’s current operation.




136     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




31. CONTINGENCIES (Cont’d)
   (i)   Litigation with Huaxin and Zhongxinfang (Cont’d)
         (b)   Litigations with Zhongxinfang for the recovery of construction costs
               During the year ended December 31, 2020, Huatailong filed a lawsuit against Zhongxinfang for the recovery
               of the construction costs of RMB149 million (equivalents to US$21,319,000) that shall be jointly borne
               by Huatailong on the 2020 First Instance Adjudication. Based on the first instance adjudication dated
               on September 23, 2020, the litigation ruling adjudicated that Zhongxinfang shall have obligation for the
               construction costs of RMB149 million (equivalents to US$21,319,000) to Huatailong (the “September
               2020 Adjudication”). In October 2020, Zhongxinfang proceeded an appeal against the September 2020
               Adjudication and revoked subsequently. On June 20, 2023, Tibet High Court adjudicated that the
               September 2020 Adjudication sustained (the “June 2023 Zhongxinfang Final Instance Adjudication”) and
               Zhongxinfang should pay relevant compensation to Huatailong within 15 days from the effective date of
               the June 2023 Zhongxinfang Final Instance Adjudication. On 15 September 2023, Huatailong applied
               for an enforcement of the June 2023 Zhongxinfang Final Instance Adjudication (the “September 2023
               Enforcement”) and as at December 31, 2023 and up to the date these consolidated financial statements
               are authorised for issue, Zhongxinfang has not yet paid the compensation to Huatailong and the September
               2023 Enforcement is not executed mainly because Zhongxinfang is involved in several litigations and
               there are no executable properties.

         (c)   Litigations with Zhongxinfang for the delivery of New Premises and recovery of Tax and Other Surcharge
               On June 21, 2021, Huatailong applied for pre-litigation preservation of the New Premises from Zhongxinfang,
               the Tibet Intermediate Court adjudicated that the value of New Premises limited to RMB137 million
               (equivalent to US$21,207,000), and the New Premises comprising a block of buildings and twenty car
               parks from Zhongxinfang were frozen for three and two years respectively (the “New Premises Pre-
               litigation Preservation”). On July 21, 2021, pursuant to the New Premises Pre-litigation Preservation,
               Huatailong proceeded a lawsuit against Zhongxinfang for the delivery of New Premises and the payment
               of penalty amounting to RMB5 million (equivalent to US$773,000), and on April 20, 2022, Huatailong
               submitted alternation of claims application to the court and requested the delivery of New Premises and
               changing the penalty charge to be RMB9 million (equivalent to US$1,397,000). On November 5, 2022,
               Tibet Intermediate Court adjudicated that Zhongxinfang should pay penalty of RMB9 million (equivalent
               to US$1,397,000) to Huatailong (the “November 2022 Adjudication”) within 15 days from the effective
               date of the November 2022 Adjudication due to the overdue in delivery of the New Premises. In March
               2023, Huatailong applied for an enforcement of the November 2022 Adjudication in March 2023 (the
               “March 2023 Enforcement”).

               As at December 31, 2023 and the date these consolidated financial statements are authorised for issue,
               the frozen period over the twenty car parks has expired and Huatailong is in progress to apply for a
               further period for New Premises Pre-litigation Preservation. In addition, based on legal advice, the March
               2023 Enforcement is currently under proceeding and the result is not ascertain as at the date these
               consolidated financial statements are authorised for issue.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023      137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




31. CONTINGENCIES (Cont’d)
      (i)   Litigation with Huaxin and Zhongxinfang (Cont’d)
            (c)   Litigations with Zhongxinfang for the delivery of New Premises and recovery of Tax and Other Surcharge
                  (Cont’d)
                  In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2020, Huatailong has paid Tax and Other Surcharge of
                  RMB46 million (equivalent to US$6,997,000) and expects to recover such payments from Zhongxinfang
                  in accordance with the Cooperation Agreement. On July 8, 2020, Huatailong applied for pre-litigation
                  preservation of assets from Zhongxinfang, the Tibet Intermediate Court adjudicated that the value of certain
                  properties limited to RMB46 million (equivalent to US$6,609,000) from Zhongxinfang was frozen for one
                  year (the “Pre-litigation Preservation”). Based on the adjudication issued on November 20, 2020 in relation
                  to the lawsuit against Zhongxinfang for the recovery of the Tax and Other Surcharge, the litigation ruling
                  adjudicated that Zhongxinfang shall repay the Tax and Other Surcharge to Huatailong (the “November
                  2020 Adjudication”). As Zhongxinfang has not settled such amount within the due date, Huatailong applied
                  for an enforcement of the November 2020 Adjudication in January 2021 (the “2021 Enforcement”). On
                  June 24, 2021, the Tibet Intermediate Court adjudicated the 2021 Enforcement be suspended as all of
                  the assets owned by Zhongxinfang have been sealed up or frozen and there are no executable properties
                  from Zhongxinfang. Based on legal advice, the 2021 Enforcement is currently suspended and the Group’s
                  first priority of claim over one of the assets under Pre-litigation Preservation has been extended for three
                  years till May 24, 2024. The result of aforementioned 2021 Enforcement is not ascertain as at December
                  31, 2023 and the date these consolidated financial statements are authorised for issue.

                  Based on the best available information to the Group and the credit assessment, US$1,579,000 expected
                  credit loss (2022: US$1,644,000) for other receivables is recognized during the year ended December 31,
                  2023, and the accumulated allowance for credit losses is RMB22,827,000 (equivalent to US$3,223,000)
                  as of December 31, 2023 (2022: RMB11,452,000 (equivalent to US$1,644,000)).

      (ii) Litigation with an independent supplier of Huatailong
            In May 2023, a supplier of Huatailong proceeded a lawsuit against Huatailong for the loss of work stoppage
            and slowdown resulting from the suspension of Jiama Mine’s south pit (the “Supplier Work Stoppage Loss”)
            which are required to be remediated by local government from June 19, 2021, for a claim of RMB479 million
            (equivalent to US$67,693,000), and applied for pre-litigation preservation of assets from Huatailong for one year.

            On May 24, 2023, the Tibet Intermediate Court adjudicated balance with same amount as aforementioned
            placed in China Gold Finance by the Group to be frozen for one year. Accordingly, the frozen bank deposit of
            US$67,693,000 was included in restricted balances as at December 31, 2023.




138     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




31. CONTINGENCIES (Cont’d)
   (ii) Litigation with an independent supplier of Huatailong (Cont’d)
        On November 27, 2023, the Tibet Intermediate Court adjudicated (the “2023 First Instance Adjudication”)
        that Huatailong shall pay the Supplier Work Stoppage Loss of RMB178 million (equivalent to US$25,201,000)
        to that independent supplier. Huatailong proceeded an appeal to the Tibet High Court against the 2023 First
        Instance Adjudication on December 9, 2023 that Huatailong has no obligation for the aforesaid Supplier Work
        Stoppage Loss. Tibet High Court has held a trial during the period from February 28 to March 2, 2024 and
        Huatailong has submitted new evidences and materials that are against the 2023 First Instance Adjudication. As
        at December 31, 2023 and up to the date these consolidated financial statements are authorised for issue, the
        verdict is not delivered, the Group concludes that it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be
        required by taking into account the new evidences and materials collected and the legal advice. Accordingly, no
        provision is made in the consolidated financial statements in regard to this litigation as of December 31, 2023.

32. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
   The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
   in order to operate its mines, pursue the development of its mineral properties and to maintain a flexible capital
   structure which optimizes the costs of capital at an acceptable risk. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged
   from prior years.

   The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the borrowings, entrusted loan payable and
   lease liabilities disclosed in notes 24, 25 and 26 respectively, net of cash and cash equivalents, restricted balances
   and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital, retained profits and other reserves.
   The Group manages the capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of operating results, changes in
   economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure,
   the Group may attempt to issue new shares, issue new debt, repayment of existing debt.

   In order to facilitate the management of its capital requirements, the Group prepares annual expenditure budgets that
   are updated as necessary depending on various factors, including operating results, successful capital deployment and
   general industry conditions. The annual and updated budgets are approved by the board of directors of the Company.

   In order to maximize ongoing development efforts, the Group is committed to providing sustainable returns to
   shareholders. The Group’s policy is to invest its short-term excess cash in fixed bank deposits with maturities of 90
   days or less from the original date of acquisition, selected with regards to the expected timing of expenditures from
   its operations.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023      139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                     December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                            2023                2022
                                                                                         US$’000             US$’000


      Financial assets
      Financial assets at amortised cost                                                  173,169            438,743
      Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                         47,153             37,348


      Financial liabilities
      At amortised cost                                                                   921,316           1,032,638
      Lease liabilities                                                                     1,477               2,017


      Financial assets at amortised cost as at December 31, 2023 and 2022 respectively are as follows:

                                                                                     December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                            2023                2022
                                                                                         US$’000             US$’000


      Cash and cash equivalents                                                             97,237           428,453
      Restricted balances                                                                   67,693             1,572
      Trade and other receivables(1)                                                         8,239             8,718


                                                                                          173,169            438,743


      Financial liabilities at amortised cost as at December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

                                                                                     December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                            2023                2022
                                                                                         US$’000             US$’000


      Accounts and other payables(2)                                                      154,844            199,570
      Borrowings
        – Loans, other than syndicated loans                                              311,961            349,313
        – Syndicated loans                                                                426,273            483,755
      Entrusted loan payable                                                               28,238                  –


                                                                                          921,316           1,032,638




140     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
   (1)
         Excluded VAT recoverable.
   (2)
         Excluded mining cost accrual, other accruals, payroll and benefit payable and other tax payables.

   The Group’s financial instruments are exposed to certain financial risks including market risk (e.g. currency risk,
   interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

   (a)   Currency risk
         The Group is exposed to the financial risk related to the fluctuation of foreign exchange rates for the monetary
         assets and liabilities denominated in the currencies other than the functional currencies to which they related.
         The Group has not hedged its exposure to currency fluctuations. However, the Management monitors foreign
         exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.

         At the end of each reporting period, Huatailong and Skyland Mining Limited (note 37), of which its functional
         currency is RMB, had US$ denominated intra-group borrowings from Skyland (BVI). The intra-group borrowing
         is approximately US$20,285,000 (2022: US$192,417,000) as at December 31, 2023.

         The Group is mainly exposed to exchange rate fluctuation of RMB and US$.

         RMB monetary assets and (liabilities)
                                                                                                 December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                        2023                   2022
                                                                                                     US$’000                US$’000


         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       72,869               114,878
         Trade and other receivables                                                                        612                   463
         Accounts and other payables                                                                    (13,917)              (14,429)
         Borrowings                                                                                           –               (21,250)


                                                                                                         59,564                   79,662


         Based on the above net exposures, and assuming that all other variables remain constant, a 5% (2022: 5%)
         depreciation/appreciation of the RMB against the US$ would result in an increase/decrease in the Group’s
         loss for the year of approximately US$2,531,000 (2022: decrease/increase in the Group’s profit for the year of
         approximately US$3,385,000) for the year ended December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023     141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
      (a)   Currency risk (Cont’d)
            US$ monetary assets and (liabilities)
                                                                                        December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                               2023                 2022
                                                                                            US$’000              US$’000


            Cash and cash equivalents                                                               4                    4
            Inter-company loans                                                               (20,285)            (192,417)


                                                                                              (20,281)            (192,413)


            Based on the above net exposures, and assuming that all other variables remain constant, a 5% (2022: 5%)
            depreciation/appreciation of the US$ against the RMB would result in an decrease/increase in the Group’s
            loss for the year of approximately US$923,000 (2022: increase/decrease in the Group’s profit for the year of
            approximately US$8,755,000) for the year ended December 31, 2023.

            In the Management’s opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange risk
            as the year end exposure does not reflect the exposure during the year.

      (b) Interest rate risk
            Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value in relation to borrowings, entrusted loan payables and lease
            liabilities with total carrying amounts of US$111,605,000 (2022: US$322,613,000) bearing fixed interest rate
            or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The
            Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk on the variable rate bank balances and restricted balances and
            variable-rate bank borrowings with total net carrying amounts of US$491,415,000 (2022: US$82,447,000) (see
            note 24 for details of these borrowings).

            Sensitivity analysis
            The following analysis is prepared assuming the variable rate bank balances and borrowings outstanding at the
            end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year and all other variables were held constant. A 25
            basis point (2022: 25 basis points) increase or decrease is used when reporting interest rate risk internally to
            key management personnel and represents the Management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change
            in interest rates.




142    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
   (b) Interest rate risk (Cont’d)
         Sensitivity analysis (Cont’d)
         The analysis below reflects the sensitivity that the interest rate may be higher/lower by 25 basis points (2022:
         25 basis points).

                                                                                        Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                      December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                              2023                  2022
                                                                                          US$’000               US$’000


         25 basis points (2022: 25 basis points) higher
           – increase in loss (2022: decrease in profit) for the year                          (907)                  (151)
           – addition in finance costs capitalised                                               19                      4


         25 basis points (2022: 25 basis points) lower
           – decrease in loss (2022: increase in profit) for the year                           907                   151
           – reduction in finance costs capitalised                                             (19)                   (4)


         The Group monitors interest rate exposure and will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should
         the need arise.

   (c)   Other price risk
         The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in equity securities listed in Hong Kong.
         The Group’s equity price risk is mainly concentrated on equity instruments operating in the mining industry
         sector quoted on the Stock Exchange. In addition, the Group also invested in unquoted equity securities for
         investees operating in the chemical and public utility industries for long term strategic purposes which had
         been designated as FVTOCI. The Group has formed a team led by the Chief Financial Officer to monitor the
         price risk and will consider hedging the risk exposure should the need arise.

         Sensitivity analysis
         The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risk at the reporting
         date. No sensitivity analysis is presented for unlisted investments as the directors of the Company consider the
         amounts of unlisted investments to be insignificant. If the prices of the respective listed equity instruments had
         been 10% (2022: 10%) higher/lower, investments revaluation reserve would increase/decrease by US$4,633,000
         (2022: US$3,651,000) for the Group as a result of the changes in fair value of listed investment at FVTOCI
         (2022: listed investment at FVTOCI).




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023      143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
      (d) Credit risk and impairment assessment
          Credit risk is the risk of an unexpected loss if a customer or third party to a financial asset fails to meet its
          contractual obligations. The Group sold approximately 100% (2022: 100%) of its gold to one creditworthy
          customer, CNG, and approximately 92% (2022: 95%) of its copper and other by-product to CNG subsidiaries
          for the year ended December 31, 2023. The failure of these customers to make required payments could have
          a negative impact on the Group’s results. The Group manages this risk by demanding upfront payment for
          sales of copper and other by-products and has set up monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is
          taken for timely settlement of receivables from CNG, the CNG subsidiary and third-party customers. The Group
          reviews the recoverable amount of each individual trade debt at the end of the reporting period to ensure the
          adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In addition, the Group performs impairment
          assessments using the ECL model on trade balances individually. In this regard, Management considers the
          Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

          The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL on trade receivables as permitted and prescribed
          by IFRS 9.

          The Management assessed the ECL on trade receivables individually. Based on the historical experience of
          the Group, these trade receivables are generally recoverable due to the long term/on-going relationship and
          good repayment record.

          As at December 31, 2023, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate carrying
          amount of US$1,235,000 (2022: US$40,000) which are past due over 90 days as at the reporting date. The
          directors of the Company are of the opinion that no default has occurred for the past due balances and the
          balances are still considered fully recoverable due to long-term/on-going relationships and good repayment
          records from these customers.

          Movement in the allowance for credit losses of trade receivables:

                                                                                      December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                             2023                  2022
                                                                                          US$’000               US$’000


          At January 1                                                                          106                   163
          Reversal of expected credit losses                                                      –                   (44)
          Exchange realignment                                                                   (1)                  (13)


          At December 31                                                                        105                   106




144    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
   (d) Credit risk and impairment assessment (Cont’d)
         The Group was also exposed to credit risk on amount due from related parties and other receivables. The
         Management periodically monitors the financial position of each of the related companies to ensure each
         related company is financially viable to settle the amount due to the Group. The Management makes individual
         assessment on the recoverability of other receivables based on historical settlement records and past experience.
         The directors of the Company believe that there is no material credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding
         balance of other receivables except the receivable of the Tax and Other Surcharge, of which the impairment
         assessment has been disclosed in note 31.

         The Group’s bank deposits and restricted balances are held in PRC and Canadian financial institutions with
         high credit ratings, where the credit risks on these bank deposits are limited.

         The Group had concentration of credit risk by geographical locations as the financial assets at amortised cost
         comprise various debtors which are located either in the PRC or Canada for the years ended December 31,
         2023 and 2022.

         Other than the concentration of balance with CNG and its subsidiaries, the Group does not have any other
         significant concentration of credit risk.

   (e)   Liquidity risk
         The Group operates in a capital intensive industry. The Group’s liquidity requirements arise principally from
         the need for financing the expansion of its mining and processing operations.

         Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The
         Group manages liquidity risk through the management of its capital structure and financial leverage as outlined
         in note 32.

         The Group manages its liquidity primarily through maintaining an adequate level of cash and cash equivalents
         and borrowings.

         In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
         deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in
         cash flows. The Management monitors the utilisation of borrowings and ensures compliance with loan covenants.

         The Group relies on borrowings as a significant source of liquidity, details of which are set out in note 24.

         The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturities for its financial liabilities. The table is
         based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group
         can be required to satisfy the liabilities.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023      145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
      (e)   Liquidity risk (Cont’d)
            To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate at the
            end of the reporting period:

                                             Weighted                                                         Total
                                               average    Within       1–2          2–5         Over 5 undiscounted     Carrying
                                          interest rate     1 year     years        years        years    cash flow      amount
                                                     %    US$’000    US$’000      US$’000      US$’000     US$’000      US$’000


            At December 31, 2023
            Accounts and other payables                   154,844          –            –            –      154,844     154,844
            Entrusted loan payable                2.45        703        701       28,880            –       30,284      28,238
            Borrowings                            2.60    158,595     79,140      441,505      109,858      789,098     738,234
            Lease liabilities                     4.71        606        514          485            –        1,605       1,477


                                                          314,748     80,355      470,870      109,858      975,831     922,793


                                             Weighted                                                          Total
                                               average     Within      1–2          2–5         Over 5 undiscounted     Carrying
                                          interest rate     1 year     years        years        years    cash flow      amount
                                                     %    US$’000    US$’000      US$’000      US$’000     US$’000      US$’000


            At December 31, 2022
            Accounts and other payables                   199,570          –            –            –      199,570     199,570
            Borrowings                            2.64    411,657     67,994      223,453      186,133      889,237     833,068
            Lease liabilities                     4.72        608        612        1,019            –        2,239       2,017


                                                          611,835     68,606      224,472      186,133    1,091,046    1,034,655

      (f)   Fair value
            Equity instruments at FVTOCI – listed equity securities and equity instruments at FVTOCI – unlisted equity
            securities are measured at fair value based on the quoted bid price in an active market (Level 1) and the
            discounted cash flow models (Level 3) respectively. The fair values of the unlisted equity securities are considered
            insignificant. The fair values of other financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost are
            determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis.

            The Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised
            cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.

            There was no transfer amongst level 1, 2 and 3 in the current and prior years.




146     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




34. COMMITMENTS
                                                                                     December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                            2023                 2022
                                                                                         US$’000              US$’000


   Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of property, plant and
     equipment in the consolidated financial statements
     – contracted but not provided for                                                     16,352                 1,282


35. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
   The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries are members of a state-managed retirement benefits scheme operated by
   the PRC government. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of payroll cost to the retirement
   benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefits scheme
   is to make the specified contributions.

   The total cost charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of approximately
   US$8,497,000 for the year ended December 31, 2023 (2022: US$7,764,000), represent contributions payable to
   the scheme by the Group.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023     147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




36. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      The table below details changes in the Group’ liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and
      non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash
      flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                           Entrusted loan                   Lease          Dividend
                                                Borrowings        payable               liabilities        payables        Total
                                                  US$’000        US$’000                 US$’000           US$’000      US$’000
                                                 (note 24)      (note 25)                (note 26)


      At January 1, 2023                           833,068                 –                2,017                –       835,085
      Financing cash flows                         (85,247)           28,382                 (604)        (147,764)     (205,233)
      Dividend declared                                  –                 –                    –          147,782       147,782
      Exchange difference arising on
        translation                                  (9,339)               (144)                    –               –     (9,483)
      Unrealised foreign exchange loss,
        net                                             (248)                 –                   (27)         (18)         (293)
      Accrued interest expenses                            –                  –                    91            –            91


      At December 31, 2023                         738,234            28,238                1,477                   –   767,949


                                                                                       Lease             Dividend
                                                          Borrowings                liabilities          payables          Total
                                                            US$’000                 US$’000              US$’000        US$’000
                                                           (note 24)               (note 26)


      At January 1, 2022                                        970,559                2,711                   –         973,270
      Financing cash flows                                      (84,893)                (628)            (99,791)       (185,312)
      Dividend declared                                               –                    –              99,803          99,803
      Exchange difference arising on translation                (51,992)                   –                   –         (51,992)
      Unrealised foreign exchange loss, net                      (1,971)                (186)                (12)         (2,169)
      Accrued interest expenses                                   1,365                  120                   –           1,485


      At December 31, 2022                                      833,068                2,017                   –        835,085




148     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




37. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES
   Details of the Company’s subsidiaries at December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

                             Place and date                       Issued and fully            Equity interest
                             of incorporation/        Place of    paid share capital/   attributable to the Group
   Name of subsidiaries      establishment            operation   registered capital       as at December 31,       Principal activities
                                                                                              2023          2022


   Pacific PGM Inc.          British Virgin Islands   BVI         US$100                     100%           100%    Investment holding
                                (“BVI”)
                                May 17, 2001

   Pacific PGM (Barbados)    Barbados                 Barbados    US$250,000                 100%           100%    Investment holding
     Inc.                      September 6, 2007


   IMP(1)                    PRC                      PRC         US$45,000,000             96.5%          96.5%    Engaged in exploration and
                               April 29, 2002                                                                         development of mining properties
                                                                                                                      in China


   Skyland Mining Limited    Barbados                 Barbados    US$233,380,700 plus        100%           100%    Investment holding
                               October 6, 2004                      RMB1,510,549,032


   Jia Ertong(1)             PRC                      PRC         US$273,920,000             100%           100%    Exploration, development and
                               October 31, 2003                                                                        mining of mineral properties and
                                                                                                                       investment holding


   Huatailong(1)             PRC                      PRC         RMB1,760,000,000           100%           100%    Exploration, development and mining
                               January 11, 2007                                                                        of mineral properties


   Jiama Industry and        PRC                      PRC         RMB5,000,000                51%            51%    Mining logistics and transport
      Trade(1)                 December 1, 2011                                                                        business


   Skyland (BVI)             BVI                      BVI         US$1                       100%           100%    Issue of bonds
                               October 26, 2010

   (1)
            Domestic limited liability company.

   None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of both years except for Skyland (BVI), which
   has issued listed bonds with principal of US$300 million as at December 31, 2022. Other than Pacific PGM Inc.,
   Pacific PGM (Barbados) Inc. and Skyland (BVI) which are directly held by the Company, all other subsidiaries listed
   above are indirectly held under the Group.




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023               149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




38. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                        December 31,    December 31,
                                                               2023            2022
                                                            US$’000         US$’000


      Current assets
      Cash and cash equivalents                              10,089            9,647
      Other receivables                                          40               16
      Prepaid expenses and deposits                              38               58
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                          39,644           11,272


                                                             49,811           20,993


      Non-current assets
      Right-of-use assets                                       126             226
      Property, plant and equipment                               –               1
      Equity instruments at FVTOCI (note 18)                 46,328          36,509
      Investments in subsidiaries (note 37)                 987,016         987,066


                                                          1,033,470        1,023,802


      Total assets                                        1,083,281        1,044,795


      Current liabilities
      Other payable and accrued expenses                        889             963
      Borrowings (note 24)                                   79,000               –
      Lease liabilities                                         116             105


                                                             80,005            1,068


      Net current (liabilities) assets                       (30,194)         19,925


      Total assets less current liabilities               1,003,276        1,043,727


      Non-current liabilities
      Lease liabilities                                          27             144
      Deferred income                                            19              19


                                                                 46             163


      Total liabilities                                      80,051            1,231




150     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023




38. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Cont’d)
                                                                December 31,      December 31,
                                                                       2023              2022
                                                                    US$’000           US$’000


   Owners’ equity
   Share capital (note 29)                                         1,229,061         1,229,061
   Reserves (note 39)                                                 29,113            19,294
   Accumulated losses (note 39)                                     (254,944)         (204,791)


   Total owners’ equity                                            1,003,230         1,043,564


   Total liabilities and owners’ equity                            1,083,281         1,044,795


39. RESERVES AND DEFICITS OF THE COMPANY
                                                                  Accumulated
                                                     Reserves          losses             Total
                                                     US$’000         US$’000           US$’000


   At January 1, 2022                                 10,826         (160,579)        (149,753)


   Profit for the year                                     –           54,891              54,891
   Fair value gain on equity instruments at FVTOCI     8,468                –               8,468


   Total comprehensive income for the year             8,468           54,891              63,359


   Dividends distribution                                  –          (99,103)         (99,103)


   At December 31, 2022                               19,294         (204,791)        (185,497)


   Profit for the year                                     –           96,520              96,520
   Fair value gain on equity instruments at FVTOCI     9,819                –               9,819


   Total comprehensive income for the year             9,819           96,520          106,339


   Dividends distribution                                  –         (146,673)        (146,673)


   At December 31, 2023                               29,113         (254,944)        (225,831)




                                                                      Annual Report 2023     151
FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY



The consolidated results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from the
audited financial statements are as follows:

                                                                   Year ended December 31
                                                2023           2022             2021             2020             2019
                                              US$’000        US$’000          US$’000          US$’000          US$’000


RESULTS


Revenue                                       459,434      1,104,949        1,137,356          864,032          657,459


(Loss) profit attributable to owners
  of the Company                              (25,500)       222,743          267,361          111,962          (32,837)


                                                                        At December 31
                                                2023           2022             2021             2020             2019
                                              US$’000        US$’000          US$’000          US$’000          US$’000


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES


Total assets                                2,834,716      3,194,911        3,257,043        3,322,642        3,197,130
Total liabilities                          (1,106,975)    (1,291,481)      (1,423,651)      (1,727,173)      (1,746,463)


Net assets                                  1,727,741      1,903,430        1,833,392        1,595,469        1,450,667


Equity attributable to owners of
  the Company                               1,706,858      1,883,979        1,815,922        1,578,522        1,435,337
Non-controlling interests                      20,883         19,451           17,470           16,947           15,330


Total owners’ equity                        1,727,741      1,903,430        1,833,392        1,595,469        1,450,667




152      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                           2023
                                                      Annual Report




2023 Annual Report
                     (Incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)
                     HK Stock Exchange Stock Code: 2099
                     Toronto Stock Exchange Stock Code: CGG
