                         (Incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)
                         HK Stock Exchange Stock Code: 2099
                         Toronto Stock Exchange Stock Code: CGG




                     2021
                     Annual Report




2021 Annual Report
                                                          COMPANY HIGHLIGHTS



THE COMPANY
Overview
China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. (“China Gold International” or “The Company”) and
its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) is a gold and base metal mining company
incorporated in British Columbia, Canada. The Company’s main business involves the operation,
acquisition, development and exploration of gold and base metal mineral properties. The Company’s
principal mining operations are the Chang Shan Hao Gold Mine (“CSH Gold Mine” or “CSH Mine”
or “CSH”), located in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, China and the Jiama Copper-Gold
Polymetallic Mine (“Jiama Mine” or “Jiama”), located in Tibet Autonomous Region, China. China
Gold International holds a 96.5% interest in the CSH Gold Mine, while its Chinese joint venture
(“CJV”) partner holds the remaining 3.5% interest. China Gold International began its trial gold
production at the CSH Gold Mine in July 2007 and commercial production commenced on July
1, 2008. The Company acquired 100% interest in the Jiama Mine on December 1, 2010. Jiama
hosts a large scale copper-gold polymetallic deposit consisting of copper, gold, molybdenum, silver,
lead and zinc. The Jiama Mine commenced the commercial production of phase I and phase II
in September 2010 and July 2018 respectively.

The Company is working to expand resources and reserves at its existing properties through
exploration programs. The Company also has adopted a growth strategy focused on strategic
acquisitions sourced from the international project pipeline of its principal shareholder China
National Gold Group Co., Ltd. (formerly known as China National Gold Group Corporation) (“China
National Gold”) and developing potential partnerships with other senior and junior mining companies.




                                                                       Annual Report 2021         1
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO




Dear shareholders and friends,

We are very pleased to release the 2021 annual report to share with you our operation results in the past year and
prospects in the future.

2021 has been an important year for the Company in entering a new stage of operations in an all-round way as we’ve
reached an important milestone in the history of CGG. We continue to enhance the value of the Company both operationally
and financially through our best performance ever. The annual gold output and copper output reached 244,312 ounces
and 86,400 tons respectively, which were 101.4% and 105.3% of the same period last year; with realized profits of
US$268.7 million being 136% higher for the same period last year. The Jiama copper-gold polymetallic mine is operating
stably and efficiently, with continued delivery of production capacity and return. The CSH Gold Mine has maintained its
consistency in achieving production expectations on schedule. We contribute these milestone results to the continuous
efforts and persistence of all employees, as well as the Company’s long-term accumulation and breakthroughs in production
optimization, cost control and technological innovation. As a public company, the increase in value is also reflected in the
attention and recognition of the capital market. CGG was included in the Hang Seng Composite Index in February 2022,
and entered the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect as scheduled in March 2022. The investor base has continued to
expand and market activity has been further enhanced.

2021 is the year that CGG continues to reward its shareholders, partners and the communities where it operates. The
company is distributing dividends for the second consecutive year; in the challenges of the Covid-19 epidemic and the
complex and volatile market environment, we enhance mutual support and win-win cooperation with various stakeholders
which consolidate the foundation of long-term cooperation; the local communities have benefited from CGG, shared
development achievements and built harmonious coexistence.

2021 has also been a year of hope for CGG to lay a solid basis for high-quality development. We will continue to devote
ourselves to seizing internal and external opportunities, promoting the development of new resources and new project
constructions which will inject impetus into the realization of our long-term goals.

We have full confidence in the future of CGG! We also look forward to your continued attention and support!

Thanks!

Jiang Liangyou



2      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Liangyou Jiang
Mr. Jiang, age 56, was appointed as Chairman of the Board on March 29, 2020 concurrently as serving as Chief Executive
Officer of the Company since November 2018. Mr. Jiang has served as an Executive Director since October 2014 to
present. Mr. Jiang was appointed as Vice President of China National Gold since July 2018. He was appointed as Director
and Executive Vice President of China National Gold Group Hong Kong Ltd. (“China Gold Hong Kong” or “CNGHK”) from
October 2018 to December 2021. Mr. Jiang was elected as Senior Executive Vice President of the Company from August
2014 to November 2018. He has served as a manager of Oversea Operation Department of China National Gold from
December 2015 to July 2018. Mr. Jiang joined the Company in August 2010 as the General Manager of Tibet Huatailong
Mining Development Co., Ltd. (“Tibet Huatailong”), and served as Chairman of Tibet Huatailong from February 2012 to
August 2014.

Mr. Jiang has served as Director of Guizhou Jinfeng Mining Limited from August 2016 to August 2018. He has also served
as Chairman of Zhongji Mining and General Manager of China Gold Hong Kong Buchuk Mining Company Limited (“Buchuk”)
from May 2015 to December 2020. Mr. Jiang has served as Chairman and Executive Director of Buchuk from October
2017 to December 2020. Mr. Jiang has served as Chairman of Soremi Investments Limited from January 2018 to present.
Mr. Jiang has served as Chairman of Kichi Chaarat Closed Joint Stock Company from January 2018 to December 2020.

Mr. Jiang has served as a Director of Tibet Jia Ertong Mining Development Co., Ltd. (“Tibet Jia Ertong”) and Executive
Director of Skyland Mining Limited (“Skyland”) from August 2014 to December 2020. He has served as Director of
Mundoro Mining Inc (“Mundoro”) from August 2014 to September 2020. He has served as Director of China Gold Hong
Kong Holding Corp. Limited (“China Gold Hong Kong Holding”) from January 2015 to December 2020.

From January 2008 to August 2010, he has served as manager of Investment Management Department of China National
Gold. Prior to joining China National Gold’s headquarters, Mr. Jiang served as a General Manager of China Kazakhstan
Mining Co., Limited, a subsidiary of China National Gold from September 2006 to October 2007. From August 1987 to
March 2005, Mr. Jiang worked at Changchun Gold Design Institute Co., Ltd. (the “Design Institute”). He was appointed as
the Chief Engineer of the Design Institute in February 2000 and then as Vice President and Chief Engineer of the Design
Institute since April 2002. Mr. Jiang won more than 20 provincial-level scientific and technological achievement awards and
numerous honorary titles from various agencies. In 2005, Mr. Jiang was awarded the special allowance by the State Council.

Mr. Jiang is a Senior Professional Engineer, holds a Bachelor’s Degree in mineral processing from Northeastern University
in China.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2021        3
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Shiliang Guan
Mr. Guan, age 54, was appointed as the Vice President of the Company in September 2016 and elected as an Executive
Director in June 2019. Mr. Guan was appointed as Chairman of Tibet Jia Ertong and a Director of Skyland Mining Ltd.
since June 2019. He has served as Chairman of Tibet Huatailong from November 2015 to December 2021.

Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Guan served as Deputy Manager of the Production Management Department of China
National Gold from 2011 to 2014. He was Chairman of the Board of Inner Mongolia Baotou Xinda Gold Mining Co., Ltd
from February 2014 to November 2015, where he was responsible for the overall production and operations. Prior to 2011,
Mr. Guan held senior positions at Jilin Haigou Mining Company, Shaanxi Dongtongyu Gold Mine of Zhongjin Gold Co., Ltd,
Tongguan Zhongjin Gold Mining Co., Ltd, Songxian Jinniu Co., Ltd. and Jin Ding Mining Co. Ltd.

Mr. Guan is a senior professional mining engineer and has over 27 years of experience in the mining industry. Mr. Guan
holds a bachelor’s degree in Mining Engineering from Northeastern University in China.

Weibin Zhang
Mr. Zhang, age 58, joined Inner Mongolia Pacific Mining Co., Limited (“Inner Mongolia Pacific”) in March 2018 as
Chairman and General Manager. From October 2017 to March 2018, he served as Executive Director and General Manager
of Changchun Gold Design Institute Co., Ltd.. From March 2014 to October 2017, Mr. Zhang served as the Principle
of Changchun Gold Design Institute Co., Ltd.. From March 2011 to March 2014, he served as Vice President of China
National Gold Engineering Corporation.

Starting in 1985 through March 2014, Mr. Zhang held numerous senior executive roles at the Changchun Gold Design
Institute Co., Ltd. and Yunnan Gold LLC.

Mr. Zhang is a senior professional mining engineer and has over 37 years of experience in the mining industry. Mr. Zhang
holds a college diploma in Mining Engineering from Shenyang Gold College.

Na Tian
Ms. Tian, age 41, acted as Deputy General Manager of Audit and Legal Compliance Department of China National Gold
since February 2021. She joined CNGHK as Legal Deputy Manager of General Administration Office in September 2018.
Since February 2012, Ms. Tian has worked in the Division of Corporate Secretary Affairs of the Company and was promoted
to Deputy Director in September 2017. In July 2017, she was appointed as a director of Skyland Mining (BVI) Limited, a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. From July 2008 to May 2011, Ms. Tian was an auditor at Ernst & Young Hua
Ming LLP. In 2008, Ms. Tian passed PRC national judicial examination and obtained the Legal Professional Qualification.

Ms. Tian holds a master’s degree in Law from Peking University Law School. She also holds double bachelor’s degrees
and majored in law and business English from Guangdong University of Foreign Studies.




4      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Non-Executive Director
Junhu Tong
Mr. Tong, age 59, is elected as Non-Executive Director of the Company since June 2020. He has served as Vice President of
CNGHK from October 2018 to December 2021. He was appointed as President of CNGHK from December 2021 to present.
From July 2009 through October 2018, Mr. Tong served in numerous senior executive roles with China National Gold.

Mr. Tong has had a long career in the mining industry spanning over 31 years, with extensive senior executive and board
experience. Mr. Tong currently served as Chairman of Closed Joint-Stock Company Rudnik (“Zapadnava-Kluchi”) from
October 2018 to present.

Mr. Tong has been a Fellow authorized by Australasian Institute of Mining &Metallurgy since December 2013 up to present.
Mr. Tong holds a master’s degree in Mining Engineering from Beijing Science and Technology University and a bachelor’s
degree in Mining Engineer from Chongqing University.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Yingbin Ian He
Mr. He, age 60, joined the Company as an Independent Non-Executive Director in May 2000. He is appointed as Chairman
of the Audit Committee since October 2009 and as Lead Independent Non-Executive Director since November 2018. Mr.
He has over 31 years of experience in mining industry, with career covering research, engineering consulting, management
of mining operations, merger and acquisition, and management of public companies. Mr. He serves as Managing Director
of Lacnord Capital Corp, a venture capital company and Chairman of Vatukoula Gold Mines, a company with gold mining
operation in Fiji. From 1995 to 2006, Mr. He served as President and Director of Spur Ventures Inc. a company listed
on the TSX Venture Exchange with phosphate mining and phosphate fertilizer production in China. Mr. He also serves
on the boards of several public companies, including SouthGobi Resources Ltd. a coal mining company dual listed on
the Toronto Stock Exchange and Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and PT Bumi Resources Tbk, a mining company listed on
Indonesian Stock Exchange.

Mr. He holds a Ph.D. degree in mineral process engineering and a Master of Applied Science degree in mineral process
engineering both from the University of British Columbia, and a Bachelor of Engineering degree in coal preparation and
utilization technology from the Heilongjiang Institute of Mining and Technology (now Heilongjiang University of Science
and Technology) in China.

Wei Shao
Mr. Shao, age 67, is elected as Independent Non-Executive Director as well as Chairman of the Nominating & Corporate
Governance Committee since June 2019. He is a partner and the National China Service Co-Leader at Dentons Canada
LLP and specializes in international business transactions focusing on China. Mr. Shao has over 28 years of extensive
experience in mergers and acquisitions, corporate and project financing, cross-border counseling and general corporate
and commercial transactions. Mr. Shao is actively involved in community and non-profit organizations. Prior to his legal
career, Mr. Shao worked for the United Nations in New York. Mr. Shao is an interpreter accredited by the United Nationals
and by the federal government of Canada.

Mr. Shao holds an LLB from the University of Toronto, BA from Xi’an Foreign Languages Institute and U.N Accreditation
of Simultaneous Interpretation from the Beijing University of Foreign Studies.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2021        5
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Bielin Shi
Mr. Shi, age 65, is elected as Independent Non-Executive Director as well as Chairman of the Health, Safety and
Environmental Committee since June 2019. He is a leading mining executive and geologist who specialises in investment
management, mining geology, geostatistics, resource estimation and optimisation, exploration and project development.
Mr. Shi has over 35 years of experience as a geologist with high level experience in investment management, applied
geostatistics, resource estimation and mining geology, and worldwide operational expertise in exploration and mine projects.
He also has expertise with independent technical reviews, due diligence audits and expert technical reporting in compliance
with the JORC Code, NI43-101 and Hong Kong Stock Exchange standards.

Mr. Shi is a Competent Person under the JORC Code and holds equivalent credentials in respect of Canadian and Hong
Kong’s Mineral Resources/Reserves reporting standards. Mr. Shi has published numerous papers on the application of
geostatistics in resource estimation.

Mr. Shi’s recent work has included investment management, audit and reviews of resources for multiple commodity projects.

Mr. Shi is a Post-Doctoral Research Fellow in Geostatistics from Edith Cowan University, Western Australia. He obtained
his PhD in Geology from The University of Melbourne, Australia and Master of Science in Geology from Guizhou University
of Technology, China.

Ruixia Han
Ms. Han, age 38, is elected as Independent Non-Executive Director as well as Chairwoman of the Compensation and
Benefit Committee since June 2019. She is the Deputy CEO and Executive Director of Mason Group Holdings Limited
(HKEX Stock Code: 273) since 16 April 2020. Prior to joining Mason Group Holdings Limited in late 2019, Ms. Han
was Head of Operations and Risk of MEC Advisory Limited, which was the sole Investment Advisor to Can-China Global
Resource Fund. Ms. Han’s role in MEC Advisory Limited covers investment, accounting, finance treasury and investor
relationships related matters. Prior to joining MEC Advisory Limited in early 2014, Ms. Han was an Investment Manager
at The Export-Import Bank of China responsible for sourcing, evaluating and negotiating investment opportunities in the
banking and direct investment industry.

Ms. Han has obtained her PhD’s degree of Economics (Finance), Master’s degree in Applied Economics (Venture Capital)
and Bachelor’s degree of Economics (Finance) from Renmin University of China.




6      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Jerry Xie
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CORPORATE SECRETARY
Mr. Xie, age 61, joined the Company in March 2009 and serves as Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary. Mr.
Xie is responsible for overseeing corporate secretarial matters and managing compliance and plays an important role in
business development, project evaluation, investor relations as well as public relations. Mr. Xie served as Vice President
and Secretary to the Board of the Company from March 2009 to October 2009 at which time he was promoted to Executive
Vice President and Corporate Secretary. After joining the Company, Mr. Xie was involved in the Company’s HK IPO process,
evaluation of the Company’s Jiama polymetallic mineral property located in Tibet, China (the “Jiama Mine”), merger and
acquisitions and bond issuance, as further described below. Mr. Xie has over 31 years of experience of Engineering and
Project Management in the petro-chemical and oil-sand industry and mining industry. Prior to joining the Company, Mr.
Xie worked as Project Manager, Project Engineer and a Senior Piping Stress Analyst for LPEC/SINOPEC, Fluor, Bantrel,
Tri-Ocean and WorleyParsons Canada Ltd., resource and energy engineering companies in China and Canada, from
February 1982 to March 2009.

Mr. Xie holds a Master’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Calgary in Canada, a Master’s Degree in
Mining Engineering from the Beijing University of Science & Technology and a diploma from the Mechanical Department
of Shanghai Institute of Chemical Industry.

Yuehe Lu
INTERIM CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Ms. Lu, aged 37, joined the Company in August 2011 and is responsible for corporate financial management. She was
promoted to Interim Chief Financial Officer in October 2020. Ms. Lu has participated in major financing activities of the
Company, including the issuance of U.S. dollar-denominated bonds. Ms. Lu has extensive experience in financial reporting,
internal control and corporate financing.

Ms. Lu holds a Senior Accountant qualification in China, and is a Certified Internal Auditor (CIA) and a member of China
Institute of Internal Audit (CIIA). Ms. Lu holds a Master’s Degree in Business Administration (MBA) from School of Economics
and Management, Tsinghua University, and a Bachelor’s Degree in Management (International Accounting) from School
of Economics and Management, Beijing Forestry University.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2021         7
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Gerard Guo
CHIEF ENGINEER
Mr. Guo, age 58, was appointed as Chief Engineer of the Company on November 13, 2018. Mr. Guo is a professional
engineer with Professional Engineers of Ontario, Canada and has over 38 years of experience in engineering studies,
mine engineering and mine operations. He had served as a senior mining engineer and director of technical services
for the Company since 2014. Previously Mr. Guo held senior mining engineer positions with global mining engineering
consulting firms, working on a variety of projects for a wide range of clients, including some of the world’s largest mining
companies. He also held the position of Deputy Principle with the Mine and Gold Branch, Changsha Engineering and
Research Institute of Nonferrous Metallurgy, leading design and consultancy of key national and provincial/ministry projects
in China. In addition, he also assumed responsibilities of leading China’s strategic planning initiatives for development at
new and existing nonferrous metals mines and smelters. Mr. Guo has been serving as the Company’s internal qualified
person for purposes of National Instrument 43-101 of the Canadian Securities Administrators since May 2018. Areas of
expertise include mine planning, feasibility studies, cost estimation, economic evaluations, risk analysis and due diligence.

Mr. Guo holds a Master’s Degree in Natural Resources Engineering from Laurentian University, Sudbury, Ontario, Canada
and a Bachelor’s Degree in Mining Engineering from Baotou Institute of Iron & Steel Technology (Presently Inner Mongolia
University of Science & Technology) of the Ministry of Metallurgy Industry, China. He is trilingual (English, French and
Chinese).




8      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT



The Directors are pleased to present this report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2021 (the “Reporting Period”).

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW
The Company is a gold and base metal mining company incorporated under the laws of British Columbia, Canada. The
Company’s main business involves the operation, acquisition, development and exploration of gold and base metal properties.
The principal activities of the subsidiaries are set out in Note 39 of the Financial Statements. There were no significant
changes in the nature of the Company’s principal activities during the year.

Further discussion and analysis of the business review as required by Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,
including a fair view of the business and a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company, particulars
of important events affecting the Company that have occurred since the end of the financial year 2021, an indication of
likely future development in the Company’s business, the Company and all its subsidiaries (the “Group”) environmental
policies and performance, compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Company,
outlook of the Company’s business, and an account of the Company’s relationships with its key stakeholders can be found
in the “Five-Year Financial Summary”, “Message From the Chairman and CEO”, “Management Discussion and Analysis”
and “Corporate Government Report” sections of this annual report.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movement in the share capital of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 31 of the
Financial Statements.

RESERVES
Details of the reserves available for distribution to the shareholders as at December 31, 2021 are set out in Note 41 of
the Financial Statements.

RESULTS
The results of the Group as at December 31, 2021 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income on page 70.

DIVIDEND
In connection with the Company’s financial results for the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company is pleased to
announce the declaration of a special dividend of US$0.25 per common share payable on June 15, 2022 to shareholders
of record as of April 20, 2022. This dividend qualifies as an “eligible dividend” for Canadian income tax purposes while
dividends paid to shareholders outside Canada (non-resident investors) will be subject to Canadian non-resident withholding
taxes. If you are a non-resident taxpayer resident in a country or area that Canada has a tax treaty with, you may be eligible
to receive the reduced rate of tax for the dividend you will be receiving. Please review the NR301 form to check if you are
eligible and if so, submit the aforementioned form to ensure the benefit from the tax treaty is applied to you. The Board
of Directors will determine any future dividends and dividend policy on the basis of earnings, financial requirements and
other relevant factors.

DIRECTORS
The directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report are as follows:




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021         9
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Executive Directors
Liangyou Jiang
Shiliang Guan
Weibin Zhang
Na Tian

Non-Executive Director
Junhu Tong

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Yingbin Ian He
Wei Shao
Bielin Shi
Ruixia Han

In accordance with article 14.1 of the Company’s articles (the “Articles”), each of the Directors shall retire at the 2022
annual and special meeting of the Company (the “2022 AGM”) and, being eligible, shall offer themselves to be re-elected
at the 2022 AGM.

THE BIOGRAPHY OF THE DIRECTORS AND THE SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Company are set out in the Directors and
senior management’s profile from page 3 to page 8 of this annual report.

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTOR PURSUANT TO RULE 13.51B(1) OF THE
HONG KONG LISTING RULES
Save as disclosed in this annual report, there are no other changes to the Directors’ information as required to be disclosed
pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on Hong Kong Stock Exchange (the “Listing
Rules”).

INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Board has received from each of the Independent Non-Executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his independence
pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and considers that all of the Independent Non-Executive Directors are independent.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
None of the Directors elected at the 2021 AGM have a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which
is not determinable by the employing company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory
compensation.




10      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT




PERMITTED INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE
Pursuant to the Articles of the Company and subject to the provisions of the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia)
(the “Business Corporations Act”), every Director or alternate director of the Company or its affiliates (and his or her heirs
and legal personal representatives) shall be indemnified by the Company against any judgment, penalty or fine awarded
or imposed in, or an amount paid in settlement of, a legal proceeding or investigative action where such person is liable
by reason of him/her having been a director or alternate director of the Company and the Company must, after the final
disposition of such proceeding, pay the expenses actually and reasonably incurred by such person. The Company has
taken out insurance policies against the liabilities of the Directors that may arise out of corporate activities and the costs
associated with defending any proceeding. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis. During the Reporting
Period, no claims were made against the Directors.

DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Mr. Liangyou Jiang, Mr. Shiliang Guan, Mr. Weibin Zhang, Ms. Na Tian and Mr. Junhu Tong are considered to have
conflicts of interest in the transactions as set out in the section headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected
Transactions” in this report due to their senior management positions or affiliate roles with China National Gold, the
ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions and
Continuing Connected Transactions” in this report, no transactions, arrangement or contracts of significance in relation
to the business of the Group to which the Company, any of its subsidiaries or the controlling shareholder of the Company
was a party and in which a Director or any of his connected entity had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
subsisted as at December 31, 2021 or at any time during the Reporting Period.

CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
Save as disclosed under the section headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions” in this
report, no other material contract (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) was entered into
by a member of the Group, the controlling shareholder or its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESSES
To the best knowledge of the Directors, during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, save for the
directorships and management roles of our Directors in other mining companies, none of our Directors had any interests
in businesses that compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the Company. Please refer to the
biographies of our Directors set out under the section headed “Board of Directors and Senior Management” of this report
for details of such circumstances.

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS IN SHARES
As at December 31, 2021, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”)) which were required to be
notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or as recorded
in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company
and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
(the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules were as follows:




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021       11
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




SHARES
Long position in shares
                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                              percentage
                                                                             Nature of   Nature of          of interest in
Name                    Position              Company                         interest   interest           the Company

Yingbin Ian He          Independent           China Gold International        150,000    Personal              0.0378%
                          Non- Executive        Resources Corp. Ltd.
                          Director


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
China National Gold is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company currently holding approximately 40.01% of the
issued shares of the Company and is therefore a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules. As a result,
the transactions entered into between China National Gold and the Controlled Entities as described in this section below,
constitute non-exempt continuing connected transactions or partially exempt connected transactions of the Company as
defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

In addition, Tibet Huatailong, Inner Mongolia Pacific, China National Gold Group Finance Company Limited (“China Gold
Finance”), and China Gold Hong Kong (together the “Controlled Entities”) are ultimately controlled by China National Gold
and are therefore connected persons of the Company by virtue of Rule 14A.07 of the Listing Rules.

Non-Exempt Continuing Connected Transactions
Product and Service Framework Agreement
On April 26, 2013, the Company entered into a Product and Service Framework Agreement (as subsequently amended,
the “Product and Service Framework Agreement”) with China National Gold for the provision of mining related services
and products to the Company in order to facilitate the Group’s operations in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”)
for three years until June 18, 2016.

The Company entered into a First Supplemental Product and Service Framework Agreement (the “First Supplemental Product
and Service Framework Agreement”) on May 29, 2015 to extend the expiry date of the Product and Service Framework
Agreement to December 31, 2017 and included the sale and purchase of copper concentrates produced at the Jiama Mine
between the Group and China National Gold into the product and service scope of the Product and Service Framework
Agreement, which were approved by the independent shareholders of the Company on June 30, 2015. Details of the First
Supplemental Product and Services Framework Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated June 3,
2015, circular dated May 29, 2015 and poll results announcement dated July 1, 2015.

The Company entered into a Second Supplemental Product and Services Framework Agreement (the “Second Supplemental
Product and Services Framework Agreement”) on May 26, 2017 to extend the term to December 31, 2020 and to extend
the scope of the First Supplemental Product and Service Framework Agreement to include leasing services to be provided by
Zhongxin International Financial Leasing (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd., the shares of which are 80% owned by China National Gold.




12     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT




On May 6, 2020, the Company and China National Gold entered into the Third Supplemental Products and Services
Framework Agreement (the “Third Supplemental Product and Services Framework Agreement”) to extend the term of
the Products and Services Framework Agreement to December 31, 2023. Details of the Third Supplemental Product and
Services Framework Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated May 7, 2020, circular dated May
26, 2020 and poll results announcement dated June 17, 2020.

For the Reporting Period, the transaction amounts under the Product and Service Framework Agreement, as amended
were approximately RMB3,717 million where the relevant annual monetary cap was RMB6,300 million.

Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré
On May 7, 2014, Inner Mongolia Pacific entered into a Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré (as subsequently amended,
the “Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré”) with China National Gold for the sale and purchase of gold doré bars and
silver by-products produced at the CSH Gold Mine from time to time for three years ending December 31, 2015, December
31, 2016 and December 31, 2017. Details of the Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré are as stated in the Company’s
announcement dated May 7, 2014, circular dated May 15, 2014 and poll results announcement dated June 20, 2014.

On May 26, 2017 Inner Mongolia Pacific and China National Gold entered into the Supplemental Contract for Purchase
and Sale of Doré (the “Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré”) for a term commencing on January 1,
2018 and expiring on December 31, 2020. Details of the Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré are as
stated in the Company’s announcement dated May 26, 2017, circular dated May 31, 2017 and poll results announcement
dated June 30, 2017.

On 28 March 2018, Inner Mongolia Pacific entered into the Second Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré
with China National Gold, to make certain immaterial and non-consequential amendments to the purchase terms of gold
doré pursuant to which both parties agreed to amend the reference price for gold doré from “the real-time price of Au9995
gold ingot at Shanghai Gold Exchange on the notification date less RMB0.95 per gram” to the monthly average price of
the AU(T+D) contract on the Shanghai Gold Exchange less RMB1.50 per gram”.

On May 6, 2020 Inner Mongolia Pacific and China National Gold entered into the Third Supplemental Contract for Purchase
and Sale of Doré for a three-year term commencing January 1, 2021 and expiring on December 31, 2023. Details of the
Third Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated May 7
2020, circular dated May 26, 2020 and poll results announcement dated June 17, 2020.

For the Reporting Period, the transaction amounts under the Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré, as amended, were
approximately RMB1,717 million where the relevant annual monetary cap was RMB2,800 million.

Partially Exempt Connected Transactions
Deposit Services Agreement
On December 18, 2017, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a deposit services agreement pursuant to which
the Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, make withdrawals and deposits with China Gold Finance up to a
daily maximum deposit balance (including interest) not exceeding RMB100,000,000, for a term of one year commencing
on January 1, 2018 (the “Deposit Services Agreement”). Deposit interest rates payable by China Gold Finance to the Group
for any deposits shall be, at a minimum, 20% higher than the benchmark interest rate published by The People’s Bank
of China for the same period and for the same type of deposit. Details of the Deposit Services Agreement are as stated in
the Company’s announcement dated December 19, 2017.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2021      13
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




On December 18, 2018, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement
(the “Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement”) to extend the term for a further year to December 31, 2019. Details of
the Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated December 20, 2018.

On December 31, 2019, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement
(the “Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement”) to extend the term for a further year to December 31, 2020. Details of
the Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated December 31, 2019.

On December 22, 2020, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a 2021 Supplemental Deposit Services
Agreement (the “2021 Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement”) to extend the term for a further year to December
31, 2021. Details of the Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated
December 23, 2020.

Daily maximum deposit monetary caps for the transactions stipulated under the Deposit Services Agreement (as amended)
pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (including accumulative settlement interest) shall not exceed RMB100,000,000
for 2020, increasing to RMB180,000,000 in the 2021 Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement. There have not been
any deposits exceeding the daily maximum monetary cap for the Reporting Period.

On May 5, 2021, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into the 2021 Financial Services Agreement pursuant
to which China Gold Finance agreed to provide the Company with a range of financial services including (a) the Deposit
Service, and the daily maximum deposit monetary caps for the transactions shall not exceed RMB3,000,000,000 (b) the
Lending Services, (c) the Settlement Services and (d) the Other Financial Services

On June 29, 2021, the Financial Services Agreement was approved by shareholders on AGM. The agreement will expire
on December 31, 2023. Details of the Financial Service Agreement stated in the Company’s announcement dated May
6 2021, circular dated May 31, 2021 and poll results announcement dated June 30, 2021. There have not been any
deposits exceeding the daily maximum monetary cap for the Reporting Period.

Annual Review
The Company’s auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions
in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other
Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on
Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. The auditor’s letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected
transactions disclosed above by the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules has been provided to
the Directors, and was confirmed in respect of the above matter. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the
Company to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Auditor has confirmed to the Board that nothing has come to their
attention that causes them to believe that the above continuing connected transactions for the year ended December 31,
2021: (a) have not been approved by the Board; (b) the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with
the pricing policies of the Company; (c) the transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with
the relevant agreements governing the transactions; and (d) have exceeded the respective maximum aggregate annual
caps as disclosed in the previous announcements of the Company.




14     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT




In accordance with Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors have reviewed and confirmed
that the continuing connected transactions carried out under (i) the third supplemental Product and Services Framework
Agreement, (ii) the third supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré (as amended), and (iii) the Financial Services
Agreement have each been entered into: (a) in the ordinary and usual course of the Company’s business; (b) on normal
commercial terms or better; and (c) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair
and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

The Independent Non-Executive Directors also confirmed in their review of the continuing connected transactions that all
such transactions were carried out in accordance with the pricing policies of the Company and processes set out in the
respective agreements for such transactions.

Related Party Transactions
Details of the related party transactions undertaken during the Reporting Period set out in Note 32 of the Financial
Statements. All the related party transactions constituted connected transactions and/or continuing connected transactions
of the Company as defined in the Listing Rules. The Company had complied with the relevant requirements under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period.

SKYLAND BONDS
On June 16, 2020, the Company, Skyland Mining, Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited, China International Capital
Corporation Hong Kong Securities Limited, China Construction Bank (Asia) Corporation Limited, Citigroup Global Markets
Limited, Guotai Junan Securities (Hong Kong) Limited, Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd., Hong Kong Branch,
Silk Road International Capital Limited and Standard Chartered Bank (the “Joint Bookrunners” and “Joint Lead Managers”)
entered into a subscription agreement (the “Subscription Agreement”) pursuant to which Skyland Mining agreed to issue
to the Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Managers, and the Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Managers agreed severally
and not jointly, to subscribe for bonds in an aggregate principal amount of US$300 million at an issue price of 99.886%
(the “Bonds”) bearing interest at the rate of 2.80% with a maturity date of June 23, 2023, rated BBB- by Standard &
Poor’s. The Bonds were unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Company. The net proceeds were used for
repaying existing indebtedness and general corporate purposes of the Company.

On June 23, 2020, all the conditions to the issue of the Bonds as set out in the Subscription Agreement were satisfied and
the issue of the Bonds was closed. The Bonds were listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and the Chongwa
(Macao) Financial Asset Exchange Co., Limited on 24 June 2020.

Details of the Subscription Agreement are stated in the Company’s announcements dated June 16, 2020 and June 23, 2020.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company has not entered into any equity-linked agreement (as defined
in section 6 of the Companies (Directors’ Report) Regulation (Chapter 622D of the Laws of Hong Kong)).

NUMBER AND REMUNERATION OF EMPLOYEES
As at December 31, 2021, the Company had 2,090 employees working at various locations. During the Reporting Period,
staff cost (including Directors’ remuneration in the form of salaries and other benefits) was approximately US$79,907,000
as compared to the staff costs of US$59,888,000 in 2020.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2021       15
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




EMOLUMENT POLICY
The Company’s director emolument policy is administered by the Compensation and Benefits Committee with regard to
comparable market statistics. Decisions relating to the compensation of directors are reported by the Compensation and
Benefits Committee to the Board for approval.

The emolument policy for the Company’s employees is determined on a department by department basis with the Chief
Executive Officer determining the emoluments for employees and managers based on merit, qualifications and the
Company’s hiring and retention needs.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHT TO PURCHASE SHARES
Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests in Shares” above, at no time during
the Reporting Period, were there any rights to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in or debentures of
Company or any of its subsidiaries or its holding companies or any of the subsidiaries of the Company’s holding companies
granted to any director or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised by
them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the directors to acquire such
rights in any other body corporate.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
As at December 31, 2021, based on the information available to the Board and the register of substantial shareholders
required to be kept under section 336 of Part XV of the SFO, the Company was notified of the following substantial
shareholders’ interests and short positions, being 5% or more of the Company’s issued share capital. These interests are
in addition to those disclosed above in respect of the Directors and chief executive:

Long Position in Shares of the Company
                                                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                             Number of            percentage of
Name                                                                       Nature of interest               Shares held      outstanding shares

China National Gold Group Co., Ltd.(1)                                     Indirect                     158,588,330(2)                    40.01%
China National Gold Group Hong Kong Limited                                Registered Owner              158,588,330                      40.01%


Notes:
(1)      China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. directly and wholly owns China National Gold Group Hong Kong Limited and therefore the interest
         attributable to China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. represents its indirect interest in the Company’s shares through its equity interest in
         China National Gold Group Hong Kong Limited.
(2)      Information relating to registered and indirect ownership of the Company’s shares were provided by China National Gold Group Co., Ltd.




16         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT




PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold and redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or under the laws of British Columbia, Canada which
would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the date of this
report, the Company has complied with the sufficiency of public float requirement under the Listing Rules.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The percentage of purchases and sales for the Reporting Period attributable to the Company’s major suppliers and
customers are as follows:

                                                                                                          Percentage of the
                                                                                                      total purchases/sales
                                                                                                              accounted for

Purchases
  – the largest supplier                                                                                               17%
  – the five largest suppliers combined                                                                                49%
Sales
  – the largest customer                                                                                               50%
  – the five largest customers combined                                                                                96%


Sales to the largest customer of the Company account for 50% of the Company’s sales and relate to the sale of Copper
concentrate from the Jiama copper Mine pursuant to the Copper concentrate powder purchase and sale Contract. In
addition, the five largest customers account for 96% of the Company’s sales. However, due to the fact that pricing for the
Company’s mineral products is based on prevailing market prices in accordance with the contracts with customers, the
Company does not consider there to be any risks associated with reliance on major customers. The Company considers
that its pricing structure based on prevailing metal prices mitigates against any adverse effects from concentration on five
customers.

Save as disclosed above, at no time during the Reporting Period did a director, an associate of a director or any other
shareholder (which owned more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) hold any direct or indirect interest in the
Company’s five largest suppliers or customers during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2021       17
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




CHARITABLE DONATIONS
The Company made charitable donations during the Reporting Period amounting to US$nil.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
There are no other significant events occurring after December 31, 2021 as set out in the Financial Statements and
Management’s Discussion and Analysis.

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
A resolution will be submitted at the 2022 AGM to re-appoint Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu of Hong Kong as the Company’s
auditors.




On behalf of the Board,
Liangyou Jiang
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 30, 2022




18     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Board will continue to review and, where appropriate, improve the current practices of the Company on the basis
of the experience and regulatory changes to enhance the confidence of shareholders of the Company, and to safeguard
shareholders’ interest for continued and long term success of the Company over time.

To further this philosophy and to ensure that the Company follows good governance practices the Board has taken the
following steps:

•    approved and adopted a mandate for the Board;

•    established an Audit Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and a Compensation and
     Benefits Committee;

•    established a Health, Safety and Environmental Committee;

•    approved charters for all of the Board committees to formalize the mandates of those committees;

•    established a Disclosure Committee with a mandate to oversee the Company’s disclosure practices including the
     establishment of a sub-committee charged with overseeing the Company’s technical disclosure;

•    adopted a formal Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities Trading Policy and formalized the Company’s
     disclosure controls and procedures;

•    adopted a formal Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that governs the behavior of directors, officers and employees
     and which is also distributed to consultants;

•    adopted formal written position descriptions for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, clearly defining
     their roles and responsibilities;

•    adopted a whistleblower policy administered by an independent third party;

•    formalized a process for assessing the effectiveness of the Board as a whole, the Board committees and the contribution
     of individual directors on a regular basis;

•    reviewing and approving the Company’s incentive compensation plans; and

•    providing continuing education opportunities for all directors.

COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Company has, throughout the Reporting Period, applied the principles and complied with the requirements of its
corporate governance practices as defined by the Board and all applicable statutory, regulatory and stock exchange listings
standards, in particular, the code provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in
Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules. The Company’s current practices are reviewed and updated regularly to ensure that the
latest developments in corporate governance are followed and observed.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021       19
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




BOARD COMPOSITION
Corporate governance guidelines adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators (“CSA”) recommend that a majority
of the directors of a corporation be independent directors and Rule 3.10 of the CG Code requires every Board of Directors
to include at least three Independent Non-Executive Directors and at least one-third of the Board of Directors to comprise
of Independent Non-Executive Directors. Under the CSA corporate governance guidelines, an “independent director” is
a director who has no direct or indirect material relationship with the Company, including as a partner, shareholder or
officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company. A “material relationship” is one that would, or in the
view of the Board could be reasonably expected to, interfere with the exercise of a director’s independent judgment. The
CG Code includes a number of factors to take into consideration when assessing the independence of a Non-Executive
director, including the percentage of shares held by him or her in the Company and any material interest in any principal
business activity of the Group. As at December 31, 2021 and as at the date of this report, the Board has determined
that it consisted of four “independent directors” and five non-independent directors under the CSA corporate governance
guidelines. The Board believes that its current size and composition and the composition of the Board committees, results
in balanced representation.

As at the date of this report, the Company believes it has a well-balanced Board. The Board is comprised of four (4)
Executive Directors, one (1) Non-Executive Directors and four (4) Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Directors for
the year ended 31 December 2021 and up to the date of this report are as follows:

Executive Directors
Liangyou Jiang (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)(1)
Shiliang Guan (Vice President)(2)
Weibin Zhang(3)
Na Tian(4)

Non-Executive Directors
Junhu Tong(5)

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Yingbin Ian He
Wei Shao
Bielin Shi
Ruixia Han

Notes:
(1)      Mr. Jiang is an Executive Director in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
(2)      Mr. Guan is an Executive Director in his capacity as Vice President of the Company.
(3)      Mr. Zhang is an Executive Director in his capacity as Chairman and General Manager of Inner Mongolia Pacific.
(4)      Ms. Tian is an Executive Director in her capacity as an affiliate of China National Gold which has a material relationship with the Company.
(5)      Mr. Tong is a Non-Executive Director in his capacity as an affiliate of China National Gold which has a material relationship with the Company.




20         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




As at the date of this report, China National Gold holds approximately 40.01% of the Company’s outstanding common shares.

Biographical details of the Directors of the Company are set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors
and Senior Management” on pages 3 to 8 of this annual report. The Board has assessed the independence of all the
Independent Non-Executive Directors and considers each of them to be independent having regard to (i) their annual
confirmation on independence as required under the Listing Rules, (ii) the absence of involvement in the daily management
of the Company and (iii) the absence of any relationships or circumstances which would interfere with the exercise of
their independent judgement.

The Directors are satisfied that the size and composition of the Board results in a balanced representation on the Board
among executive and non-executive directors and the Company’s controlling shareholder.

Since November 2018, Mr. Liangyou Jiang serves as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer in addition to being an Executive
Director. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for running the Company’s businesses and implementing the Group’s
strategic plans and business goals.

For the reporting period, Mr. Yingbin Ian He was appointed lead Independent Non-Executive Director as of November 2018.
The role of lead Independent Non-Executive Director was created to enhance the Company’s corporate governance practices
and provides leadership to the Independent Non-Executive Directors, liaise with Chief Executive Officer on behalf of the
Independent Non-Executive Directors and advise the Board on matters where there may be an actual or perceived conflict
of interest such as Chief Executive Officer’s performance evaluation to ensure the best possible operation of the Board.

For the Reporting Period, the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-
Executive Directors, namely, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han and one Non-Executive
Director, namely, Mr. Junhu Tong. Mr. Wei Shao was appointed Chairman of the Nominating & Corporate Governance
Committee on June 25, 2019.

For the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors, namely, Mr.
Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han. Mr. Yingbin Ian He was appointed as the Chairman of
the Audit Committee on June 25, 2019.

For the Reporting Period, the Compensation & Benefits Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors,
namely, Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han and one Executive Director Mr. Weibin
Zhang. Ms. Ruixia Han was appointed as the Chairwoman of the Compensation & Benefits Committee on June 25, 2019.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2021      21
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




For the Reporting Period, the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive
Directors, namely, Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han and one Executive Director Mr.
Shiliang Guan. Mr. Bielin Shi was appointed as the Chairman of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee on June
25, 2019.

The Company has received from each of its Independent Non-Executive Directors, their confirmation of independence
pursuant to listing rules in all applicable jurisdictions.

To the best knowledge of the Company, none of the Directors are related. Relationships include financial, business or
family relationships. The Directors are free to exercise their independent judgment. Directors, including the current non-
executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors, are elected at each annual general meeting and hold
office until the next annual general meeting, unless a Director’s office is earlier vacated in accordance with the provisions
of the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) and the Company’s Articles.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Non-Executive Directors bring a range of business, professional and financial expertise, experience and independent
judgment to the Board.

Through active participation at Board meetings, taking the lead in managing issues involving potential conflict of interests
and serving on Board committees, all Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Non-Executive Directors) make
various contributions to the effective direction of the Company.

In accordance with the Company’s Articles, the Non-Executive Directors (including the Independent Non-Executive Directors)
are subject to re-election each year at the Company’s annual general meeting.

DIRECTORS’ PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
The Board, through the Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, ensures that all new Directors
receive a comprehensive orientation so that each new Director fully understands the role of the Board and its Committees,
as well as the contribution individual directors are expected to make and to understand the nature and operation of the
Company’s business.

The Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
and skills. The Board provides continuing education opportunities for all Directors, so that each individual Director may
maintain or enhance his or her skills and abilities as a Director, as well as to ensure his knowledge and understanding of
the Company’s business remains current.




22     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The orientation and continuing education process will be reviewed on an annual basis and will be revised accordingly.
There are technical presentations at Board meetings, focusing on either a particular property or a summary of various
properties. The question and answer portions of these presentations are valuable learning resources for the non-technical
Directors. The Board has also incorporated training into their Board meetings with presentations by legal, accounting and
other professional groups and individuals.

All Directors participated in appropriate continuous professional development and provided the Company with their records of
training they received for Reporting Period. Directors participated in the training which included reading regulatory updates,
attending seminars or conducting training sessions and exchanging views. According to the training records maintained
by the Company, the trainings received by each of the Directors during the Reporting Period are summarized as follows:

                                                                                                                      Reading/
                                                                                                           Attending seminars/
                                                                                                              conferences and
                                                                                                               exchange views

Executive Directors
Liangyou Jiang                                                                                                              Yes
Shiliang Guan                                                                                                               Yes
Weibin Zhang                                                                                                                Yes
Na Tian                                                                                                                     Yes


Non-Executive Director
Junhu Tong                                                                                                                  Yes


Independent Non-Executive Directors
Yingbin Ian He                                                                                                              Yes
Wei Shao                                                                                                                    Yes
Bielin Shi                                                                                                                  Yes
Ruixia Han                                                                                                                  Yes


MANDATE OF THE BOARD
Under the Business Corporations Act, the Directors are required to manage the Company’s business and affairs, and
in doing so, to act honestly and in good faith with a view to furthering the best interests of the Company. In addition,
each Director must exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonably prudent person would exercise in comparable
circumstances. The Board is responsible for supervising the conduct of the Company’s affairs and the management of its
business. The Board’s mandate includes setting long term goals and objectives for the Company, formulating the plans and
strategies necessary to achieve those objectives and supervising senior management in their implementation. Although the
Board delegates the responsibility for managing the day-to-day affairs of the Company to senior management, the Board
retains a supervisory role in respect of, and ultimate responsibility for, all matters relating to the Company and its business.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021       23
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Board’s mandate requires that the Board be satisfied that the Company’s senior management will manage the affairs
of the Company in the best interest of the shareholders, in accordance with the Company’s principles, and that the
arrangements made for the management of the Company’s business and affairs are consistent with their duties described
above. The Board is responsible for protecting shareholders’ interests and ensuring that the incentives of the shareholders
and of management are aligned. The obligation of the Board must be performed continuously, and not merely from time
to time, and in times of crisis or emergency the Board may have to assume a more direct role in managing the affairs of
the Company.

In discharging this responsibility, the Board’s mandate provides that the Board oversees and monitors significant corporate
plans and strategic initiatives. The Board’s strategic planning process includes annual budget reviews and approvals and
discussions with management relating to strategic and budgetary issues.

As part of its ongoing review of business operations, the Board periodically reviews the principal risks inherent in the
Company’s business, including financial risks, and assesses the systems established to manage those risks. Directly
and through the Audit Committee, the Board also assesses the integrity of internal control over financial reporting and
management information systems.

In addition to those matters that must, by law, be approved by the Board, the Board is required to approve annual operating
and capital budgets, any material dispositions, acquisitions and investments outside of the ordinary course of business or
not provided for in the approved budgets, long-term strategy, organizational development plans and the appointment of
senior executive officers. Management is authorized to act, without Board approval on all ordinary course matters relating
to the Company’s business.

The Board’s mandate provides that the Board expects management to provide the directors, on a timely basis, with
information concerning the business and affairs of the Company, including financial and operating information and
information concerning industry developments as they occur, all with a view to enabling the Board to discharge its
stewardship obligations effectively. The Board expects management to efficiently implement its strategic plans for the
Company, to keep the Board fully apprised of its progress in doing so and to be fully accountable to the Board in respect
to all matters for which it has been assigned responsibility.

The Board has instructed the management to maintain procedures to monitor and promptly address shareholders’ concerns
and has directed and will continue to direct the management to apprise the Board of any major concerns expressed by
shareholders.




24     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Each Board Committee is empowered to engage external advisors as it sees fit. Any individual Director is entitled to engage
an outside advisor at the expense of the Company provided such Director has obtained the approval of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee to do so. In conjunction with its review of operations, the Board considers risk issues
when appropriate and approves corporate policies addressing the management of the risk of the Company’s business.

The Board takes ultimate responsibility for the appointment and monitoring of the Company’s senior management. The
Board approves the appointment of senior management and reviews their performance on an ongoing basis.

The Company has a corporate disclosure policy addressing, among other things, how the Company interacts with analysts
and the public, and contains measures for the Company to avoid selective disclosure. The Company has a Disclosure
Committee responsible for overseeing the Company’s disclosure practices. The Disclosure Committee consists of the
Company’s Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and the
Company’s senior communications and investor relations officers, or those individuals who act in equivalent positions for the
Company, and receives advice from the Company’s external legal counsel. The Disclosure Committee assesses materiality
and determines when developments require public disclosure. The Disclosure Committee reviews the corporate disclosure
policy annually and as otherwise needed to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements and reviews all documents
which are reviewed by the Board and Audit Committee. The Board reviews and approves the Company’s material disclosure
documents, including its annual report, annual information form and management proxy circular. The Company’s annual
and quarterly financial statements, management’s discussion and analysis and other financial disclosure is reviewed by
the Audit Committee and recommended to the Board for approval, prior to its release.

In order to ensure diversity of the Board and improve the Company’s corporate governance, the Board approved the
Board diversity policy (the “Policy”) in accordance with the requirements set out in code provision A.5.6 of the CG Code.
The Policy sets out the approach to achieve diversity on the board by considering a number of factors, including without
limitation, gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional skills, knowledge, experience and length of
service, in order to maintain an appropriate range and balance of talents, skills, experience and background of the Board.
Appointments of Board members shall be based on merit, and candidates will be assessed based on objective criteria. The
Company will also take into account factors based on its own business model and specific needs from time to time. The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will monitor the implementation of the Policy; review the Policy from
time to time, as appropriate; report to the Board on their decisions or propose recommendations on any amendments for
the Board’s review and approval, to ensure the effectiveness of the Policy. No measurable objectives for achieving diversity
were specifically set by the Board during the year, other than the recruitment of the most suitable candidate for a position.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2021       25
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
To oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs and to assist in the execution of its responsibilities, the Board
has established four Board committees, namely Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,
Compensation and Benefits Committee, and Health, Safety and Environment Committee. Independent Non-Executive
Directors play an important role in these committees to ensure that independent and objective views are expressed and
to promote critical review and control.

Audit Committee
The Board has established an Audit Committee, which operates under a charter approved by the Board. It is the Board’s
responsibility to ensure that the Company has an effective risk management and internal control system. This includes
internal controls to manage both the effectiveness and efficiency of significant business processes, the safeguarding of
assets, the maintenance of proper accounting records, and the reliability of financial information as well as non-financial
considerations such as the benchmarking of operational key performance indicators. The Company’s Audit Committee is
comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors, including Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and
Ms. Ruixia Han. Mr. Yingbin Ian He serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee.

The primary objective of the Audit Committee is to act as a liaison between the Board and the Company’s independent
auditors and to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to (a) the financial statements and other
financial information provided by the Company to its shareholders, the public and others; (b) the Company’s compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements; (c) the qualification, independence and performance of the auditors; and (d) the
Company’s risk management and internal financial and accounting controls, and management information systems.

Although the Audit Committee has the powers and responsibilities set forth in its charter, the role of the Audit Committee
is oversight. The members of the Audit Committee are not full-time employees of the Company and may or may not be
accountants or auditors by profession or experts in the fields of accounting or auditing and, in any event, do not serve in
such capacity. Consequently, it is not the duty of the Audit Committee to conduct audits or to determine that the Company’s
financial statements and disclosures are complete and accurate and are in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRS”). These are the responsibilities of the management and the auditors.

All services to be performed by the auditors of the Company must be approved in advance by the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee held four meetings during the Reporting Period. In performing its duties in accordance with its
charter, the Audit Committee has:

•     overseen the Company’s relationship, audit fees and terms of engagement of the external auditors;

•     reviewed the independence of the external auditors and made recommendations to the Board on the re-appointment
      of the external auditors;




26      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




•    reviewed the financial budget and planning including the annual and interim financial statements and results
     announcements during the Financial Year;

•    reviewed and assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s financial controls, corporate governance, internal controls
     and risk management systems;

•    reviewed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal audit function; and

•    reported to the Board on the decisions and recommendations of the Audit Committee.

The individual attendance of Audit Committee members at meetings is set out on page 29 of this annual report.

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
The Board established a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, operating under a charter approved by the
Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors,
including Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han, and one Non-Executive Director, namely
Mr. Junhu Tong. Mr. Wei Shao serves as Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.

The primary objective of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its
oversight responsibilities by (a) determining a policy and process for identifying individuals qualified to become Board
and Board Committee members and recommending that the Board select director nominees for appointment or election
to the Board; and (b) developing and recommending to the Board corporate governance guidelines for the Company and
making recommendations to the Board with respect to corporate governance practices. The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee monitors the disclosure of conflicts of interest to the Board and ensures that no director will vote in
respect of a matter in which such director has a material interest. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
met during the Financial Year to review its charter, to review the Articles, to assess the competencies and characteristics
represented on the Board, to review the results of a Board effectiveness survey and self-assessments and to monitor, review
and confirm compliance with legal, regulatory, corporate governance and disclosure requirements. The Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee is also responsible for reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional
development of directors and senior management as required under code provision D.3.1 (b) of the CG Code.

The individual attendance of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee members at meetings is set out on page
29 of this annual report.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2021       27
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Compensation and Benefits Committee
The Board has established the Compensation and Benefits Committee, which operates under a charter approved by the
Board. The Compensation and Benefits Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors including
Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han, and one Executive Director, namely, Mr. Weibin
Zhang. Ms. Ruixia Han serves as Chairwoman of the Compensation and Benefits Committee.

The primary objective of the Compensation and Benefits Committee is to discharge the Board’s responsibilities relating to the
compensation and benefits for senior executives and Directors of the Company. This role includes reviewing the adequacy
and form of compensation for senior executives and the Directors, determining the recipients of, the nature and size of
share compensation awards granted from time to time and determining any bonuses to be awarded. The Compensation
and Benefits Committee met during the Financial Year to review its charter, to assess the performance and compensation
of the Chief Executive Officer, to review the compensation and benefits for senior executives and Directors of the Company
and to complete self-assessments. The Compensation and Benefits Committee made recommendations to the Board for
adjustments to compensation for the Company’s senior executives on various occasions throughout the Reporting Period.

The individual attendance of Compensation and Benefits Committee members at meetings is set out on page 29 of this
annual report.

Health, Safety and Environmental Committee
The Board has established the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee, which operates under a charter approved by
the Board. The Company’s Health, Safety and Environmental Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive
Directors, including Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han, and one Executive Director,
namely, Mr. Shiliang Guan. Mr. Bielin Shi serves as the Chairman of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee.

The primary objective of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee is to discharge the Board’s responsibilities
relating to compliance with applicable health, safety and environmental rules and regulations. This role includes assisting
the Board in its oversight of the development, implementation and evaluation by management of the Company’s health,
safety and environmental objectives and for monitoring the Company’s compliance with applicable health, safety and
environmental laws and regulations. The Health, Safety and Environmental Committee met during the Reporting Period
to receive reports from the Chief Safety Officers from the CSH Gold Mine and the Jiama Mine, to review the findings of
an independent safety audit, and to complete self-assessments. The Health, Safety and Environmental Committee made
recommendations to the mine sites for continuous improvements.

The individual attendance of Health, Safety and Environmental Committee members at meetings is set out on page 29 of
this annual report.

Ad Hoc and Special Committees
In appropriate circumstances, the Board will establish a special committee to review a matter in which several Directors
or management may have a conflict of interest.




28     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




MEETINGS OF THE BOARD AND BOARD COMMITTEES
Details of attendance of the Directors (either in person or through telephone conferences) at Board regular meetings,
meeting of Board Committees and general meetings during the Reporting Period are set out below. The management also
communicates informally with the Board on a regular basis, and solicits the advice of the Directors on matters falling within
their special knowledge or experience. In addition, the Independent Non-Executive Directors meet regularly on formal and
informal basis to facilitate the exercise of their independent judgment.



Attendances/Number of Meetings
                                                           Nominating                     Health,
                                                         and Corporate Compensation   Safety and    2021 Annual
                                                   Audit   Governance and Benefits Environmental     and Special   Committees        Overall
                                     Board     Committee    Committee     Committee   Committee         Meeting       (Total)    Attendance

Liangyou Jiang                  4/4 (100%)          N/A           N/A           N/A           N/A           0/1          N/A    4/5 (80%)
Shiliang Guan                    3/4 (75%)          N/A           N/A           N/A    4/4 (100%)           0/1   4/4 (100%)    7/9 (78%)
Weibin Zhang                    4/4 (100%)          N/A           N/A    1/1 (100%)           N/A           0/1   1/1 (100%)    5/6 (83%)
Na Tian                         4/4 (100%)          N/A           N/A           N/A           N/A           0/1          N/A    4/5 (80%)
Junhu Tong                      4/4 (100%)          N/A    1/1 (100%)           N/A           N/A           0/1   1/1 (100%)    5/6 (83%)
Yingbin Ian He                  4/4 (100%)   4/4 (100%)    1/1 (100%)    1/1 (100%)    4/4 (100%)           1/1 10/10 (100%) 15/15 (100%)
Wei Shao                        4/4 (100%)   4/4 (100%)    1/1 (100%)    1/1 (100%)    4/4 (100%)           1/1 10/10 (100%) 15/15 (100%)
Bielin Shi                      4/4 (100%)   4/4 (100%)    1/1 (100%)    1/1 (100%)    4/4 (100%)           0/1 10/10 (100%) 14/15 (93%)
Ruixia Han                      4/4 (100%)   4/4 (100%)    1/1 (100%)    1/1 (100%)    4/4 (100%)           0/1 10/10 (100%) 14/15 (93%)


*      Except for the 2021 Annual and Special Meeting held on June 29, 2021, no other general meeting was held during the Reporting Period.

According to code provision A.6.7 of the CG Code, Independent Non-Executive Directors and other Non-Executive Directors
should attend general meetings and develop a balanced understanding of the views of the shareholders.

The Executive and Non-Executive Directors and two of the four Independent Non-Executive Directors were unable to attend
the Annual and Special Meeting of the Company held on June 29, 2021 due to other business commitments.

The 2022 AGM will be held on June 16, 2022. The notice of the 2022 AGM will be sent to shareholders at least 20 clear
business days before the 2022 AGM.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2021         29
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS
The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all employees, consultants, executive
officers and Directors regardless of their position in the Company, at all times and everywhere the Company does business.
The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics provides that the Company’s employees, consultants, executive officers and
directors will uphold its commitment to a culture of honesty, integrity and accountability and the Company requiring the
highest standards of professional and ethical conduct from its employees, consultants, executive officers and Directors.

The Company’s employees, executive officers and Directors are required to confirm, on an annual basis, that they have
reviewed the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and if they are aware of any actual or potential conflicts
of interest.

The Company’s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee monitors compliance with the Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics and the disclosure of conflicts of interest by Directors with a view to ensuring that no Director votes on a matter
in respect of which he has a material interest.

APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
The Board determines, in light of the opportunities and risks facing the Company, what competencies, skills and personal
qualities it should seek in new Directors in order to add value to the Company. Based on this framework, the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee developed a skills matrix outlining the Company’s desired complement of competencies,
skills and characteristics. The specific make-up of the matrix includes technical, geological and engineering knowledge,
financial literacy, mining industry experience, public company experience and legal knowledge. The Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee assesses the competencies and characteristics represented on the Board annually
and utilize the matrix to determine the Board’s strengths and to identify areas for improvement. This analysis assists the
Nominating and Governance Committee in discharging its responsibility for approaching and proposing new nominees to
the Board and for assessing Directors on an ongoing basis.

Unless a Director dies, resigns or is removed from office in accordance with the Business Corporations Act, the term of
office of each of the Director’s ends at the conclusion of the next annual general meeting following his or her most recent
election or appointment.

At every annual general meeting the shareholders entitled to vote at the annual general meeting for the election of directors
are entitled to elect a Board consisting of the number of Directors for the time being set under the Articles and all the
Directors cease to hold office immediately before such election but are eligible for re-election. If the Company fails to hold
an annual general meeting on or before the date by which the annual general meeting is required to be held under the
Business Corporations Act or the shareholders fail, at the annual general meeting, to elect or appoint any Directors then
each Director then in office continues to hold office until the earlier of the date on which his or her successor is elected
or appointed, or the date on which he or she otherwise ceases to hold office under the Business Corporations Act or the
Articles.

According to code provision A.4.3 of the CG Code, if an independent non-executive Director serves more than 9 years,
his further election should be subject to a separate resolution to be approved by shareholders.




30     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted policies in its Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities Trading Policy on terms no
less exacting than those set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules.

Furthermore, if a Director (a) enters into a transaction involving a security of the Company or, for any other reason, the
direct or indirect beneficial ownership of, or control or direction over, securities of the Company changes from that shown or
required to be shown in the latest insider report filed by the Director, or (b) the director enters into a transaction involving
a related financial instrument, the Director must, within the prescribed period, file an insider report in the required form
on the System for Electronic Disclosure by Insiders website at www.sedi.ca.

A “related financial instrument” is defined as: (a) an instrument, agreement, security or exchange contract the value, market
price or payment obligations of which are derived from, referenced to or based on the value, market price or payment
obligations of a security, or (b) any other instrument, agreement or understanding that affects, directly or indirectly, a
person’s economic interest in respect of a security or an exchange contract.

Having made specific enquiry with each Director, all Directors have confirmed their full compliance with the required
standards set out in the Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities Trading Policy throughout the Reporting
Period. Details of the shareholding interests held by the directors as at December 31, 2021 are set out on page 12 of
this annual report.

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS
The Company’s director emolument policy is administered by the Compensation and Benefits Committee with regard to
comparable market statistics. Decisions relating to the compensation of directors are reported by the Compensation and
Benefits Committee to the Board for approval.

The Company pays its Independent Non-Executive Directors a cash retainer of US$3,825 per month for acting as Independent
Non-Executive Directors and for their roles on various Board Committees. The Company pays the lead Independent Non-
Executive Director a cash retainer of US$4,500 per month.

Details regarding the remuneration of Directors are set out in Note 11 of the Financial Statements.

COMPANY SECRETARY
The Corporate Secretary is responsible for advising the Board through the Chairman of the Board on governance matters
and also facilitates induction and professional development of Directors. The Corporate Secretary reports to the Chairman of
the Board. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Corporate Secretary to ensure that Board procedures,
all applicable laws, rules and regulations are followed.

Dr. Ngai Wai Fung, the director and chief executive officer of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, an
external service provider, has been appointed by the Board as its company secretary in Hong Kong with effect from January
16, 2014. Dr. Ngai’s contact person in the Company in relation to any corporate secretarial matters is Mr. Jerry Xie, the
Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary.

According to Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Dr. Ngai has confirmed that he has taken no less than 15 hours of professional
training to update his skills and knowledge during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021       31
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board is responsible for overseeing the risk management and internal controls of the Company and reviewing their
effectiveness. Risk management and internal controls are used by the Board to facilitate the effectiveness and efficiency
of operations, to safeguard the investment of shareholders and assets of the Company and to ensure compliance with
relevant statutory and regulatory requirements. The Company’s risk management and internal control policies are designed
to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material misstatements and to help the Board identify and
mitigate, but not eliminate, risk exposure.

The Company maintains internal audit functions for both itself and its operating subsidiaries. The Company leverages the
internal audit function of China National Gold, its controlling shareholder, for its internal audit function. Risk management
and internal control systems are reviewed on a quarterly basis in conjunction with the quarterly certification requirements
for disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting as mandated by applicable Canadian
securities laws.

The Audit Committee and the Board have reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems
of the Company and its subsidiaries, including financial, operational and compliance controls, for the Reporting Period
and are of the view that the Company’s current risk management and internal control systems are adequate and operating
effectively in safeguarding the investment of shareholders and assets of the Company.

The Company has used the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) 2013 framework
to evaluate the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, and has concluded that its internal controls and
procedures were effective as of December 31, 2021 and provide reasonable assurance that material information, including
financial information, relating to the Company is made known to senior management, the Audit Committee and the Board,
as applicable, and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner.

The Board has established a framework for identifying, evaluating and managing key risks faced by the Company. The
Board, through the Audit Committee, reviews annually the effectiveness of the internal control system of the Company and
its subsidiaries, considering factors such as:

•    changes, since the last annual review, in nature and extent of significant risks, and the Company’s ability to respond
     to changes in its business and the external environment;

•    the scope and quality of management’s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems, and the work
     of the internal audit function;

•    the extent and frequency of communication of monitoring results to the Board which enables it to assess control of
     the Company and the effectiveness of risk management;

•    adequacy of resources;

•    staff qualifications and experience;

•    training programs;




32     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




•    budget of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions; communication of the monitoring
     results to the Board that enables it to assess control of the Company and the effectiveness of the risk management;

•    significant control failings or weaknesses that have been identified during the period, and the extent to which they
     have caused unforeseeable outcomes or contingencies that had or might have, a material impact on the Company’s
     financial performance or condition; and

•    the effectiveness of the Company’s processes for financial reporting and compliance with applicable listing rules and
     securities laws.

Pursuant to National Instrument 52-109 Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings of the Canadian
Securities Administrators (“NI – 52-109”), the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Chief Financial Officer
(“CFO”) are required to evaluate the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and
procedures (“DC&P”), as defined in NI 52-109, and certify that the DC&P are effective to achieve the purpose for which
they have been designed. Internal controls over financial reporting (“ICFR”), as defined in NI 52-109, are designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
in accordance with IFRS. Management is also responsible for the design of the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting in order to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. The CEO and CFO provide confirmation of the foregoing
matters to the Audit Committee as part of its review and approval of periodic financial disclosure.

The Company has established a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities
Trading Policy (the “Code”), which includes a policy on the handling of confidential information, information disclosure and
securities dealing for all employees of the Company to comply with when they are in possession of confidential or inside
information in relation to the Company. The Code provides that the Company’s employees, officers, Directors and contract
employees will uphold our commitment to a culture of honesty, integrity and accountability and that the Company requires
the highest standards of professional and ethical conduct from its employees, officers, Directors and contract employees.
The various policies forming the Code are available on the Company’s website (www. chinagoldintl.com) and have been
disseminated to all employees of the Company.

Ethics Point is the Company’s whistleblowing program, which is administered by an independent third party, and is available
for use when someone suspects or is aware of illegal, unsafe or inappropriate activity at work. Ethics Point provides an
avenue for individuals to raise concerns confidentially and anonymously. The Audit Committee monitors compliance with
the Code. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee monitors the Code and assists the Board in dealing with
conflict of interest issues.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2021       33
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




AUDITORS
The Company’s auditor is Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu of Hong Kong. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu was first appointed as auditor
of the Company on April 1, 2010. The appointment of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu was approved by an ordinary resolution
of the shareholders at the Company’s annual and special meeting held on June 29, 2021. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu will
be nominated for re-appointment as auditors of the Company for the fiscal year at the 2021 AGM, at a remuneration to
be fixed by the Board.

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu is independent of the Company in accordance with Section 290 “Independence – Assurance
Engagements” of the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The financial reporting responsibilities and audit report of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu are set out on pages
67 to 69 of the Financial Statements.

Deloitte LLP served as auditor of the Company until April 1, 2010. The Company continues to use the services of Deloitte
LLP from time to time for tax compliance advice relating to transactions and proposed transactions of the Company and
its subsidiaries.

The fees paid/payable to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu in respect of audit and non-audit services provided during the Reporting
Period were as follows:

                                                                                                                                 Fees paid/payable
Nature of services rendered                                                                                                                  (US$)

Audit fees(1)                                                                                                                               683,000
Non-audit fees(2)                                                                                                                            53,100

Total                                                                                                                                       736,100


Notes:
(1)      Fees for audit services consisted of fees incurred to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (US$683,000) in connection with the audit of the Company’s
         annual financial statements, review of the Company’s interim financial statements and other services related to securities regulatory matters.
(2)      Fees for non-audit services consisted of fees incurred to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (US$53,100) in connection with preparation of the
         Company’s Hong Kong Tax filings and additional services.

RESPONSIBILITIES IN RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility in preparing the financial statements that provide a true and fair view of
the financial affairs of the Company. With the assistance of the Company’s management, the directors ensure that the
financial statements are being prepared and published in a timely manner in accordance with the applicable accounting
standards and statutory requirements.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company has not made any changes to its notice of articles or articles.




34         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Right to convene a meeting of shareholders
The general meetings of the Company provide an opportunity for communication between the shareholders and the Board.
Every company having securities listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange must hold its annual meeting of shareholders within
six months from the end of its fiscal year, or at such earlier time as is required by applicable legislation.

Pursuant to Section 167 of the Business Corporations Act, shareholders who hold in the aggregate at least one-twentieth
of the issued shares of the Company that carry a right to vote at general meetings may requisition a general meeting by
delivering a signed written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary at the Company’s principal place of business
at Suite 660, 505 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V7X 1M4 for the purpose of transacting any
business that may be transacted at a general meeting.

Right to put enquiries to the Board
Shareholders have the right to put enquiries to the Board. All enquiries shall be in writing and sent by post to the principal
place of business of the Company at Suite 660, 505 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V7X 1M4, or
by email to info@chinagoldintl.com for the attention of the Company secretary.

Right to put forward proposals at general meetings
There are no provisions allowing shareholders to propose new resolutions at general meetings under the Business
Corporations Act. However, qualified shareholders (as defined in section 187 of the Business Corporations Act) may put
forward a proposal for the next general meeting pursuant to Part 5, Division 7 of the Business Corporations Act.

INVESTOR RELATIONS AND COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company follows a policy of disclosing relevant information to shareholders in a timely manner. Members of the Board
and senior management meet and communicate with shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company to address
shareholders’ queries. Voting results are posted on the Company’s website on the day of the annual general meeting.

The Company also published its ESG Report on its website, www.chinagoldintl.com.

The ESG Report communicates to the Company’s stakeholders in a broad manner the relevant environmental, social and
governance initiatives that the Company has made in reference to Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules. The 2021 ESG Report
will be published on the Company’s website no later than three months after the publication of the Company’s Annual Report.

Our corporate website which contains corporate information, corporate governance practice, interim and annual reports,
news releases, announcements and circulars issued by the Company enables the Company’s shareholders to have timely
and updated information of the Company.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021       35
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
     and Results of Operations for the three months and year ended
     December 31, 2021.


     (Stated in U.S. dollars, except as otherwise noted)




FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                 39

THE COMPANY                                                40

OVERVIEW                                                   40

PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS                                     41

SELECTED ANNUAL INFORMATION                                42        SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, ACQUISITIONS
OUTLOOK                                                    42        AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES.
                                                                     ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES, AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                                      43
                                                                     FUTURE PLAN FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS
SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA                          43
                                                                     OF CAPITAL ASSETS                       60
SELECTED QUARTERLY PRODUCTION DATA
                                                                     CHARGE ON ASSETS                        60
AND ANALYSIS                                               43
                                                                     EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN EXCHANGE
REVIEW OF QUARTERLY DATA                                   43
                                                                     RATES AND RELATED HEDGES                60
NON-IFRS MEASURES                                          47
                                                                     COMMITMENTS                             60
MINERAL PROPERTIES                                         50
                                                                     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS              61
THE CSH MINE                                               50
                                                                     PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS                   62
THE JIAMA MINE                                             53
                                                                     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES           62
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES                            58
                                                                     CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES           62
CASH FLOWS                                                 59
                                                                     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND OTHER
OPERATING CASH FLOW                                        59        INSTRUMENTS                             62

INVESTING CASH FLOW                                        59        OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS          62

FINANCING CASH FLOW                                        59        DIVIDEND AND DIVIDEND POLICY            63

EXPENDITURES INCURRED                                      59        OUTSTANDING SHARES                      63

GEARING RATIO                                              59        DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
                                                                     AND INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
                                                                     REPORTING                               63

                                                                     RISK FACTORS                            64

                                                                     QUALIFIED PERSON                        64




36       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS




                               Annual Report 2021   37
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The following Management Discussion and Analysis of financial condition and results of operations (“MD&A”) is prepared
as of March 30, 2022. It should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of
China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. (referred to herein as “China Gold International”, the “Company”, “we”
or “our” as the context may require) for the three months and year ended December 31, 2021 and the three months
and year ended December 31, 2020, respectively. Unless the context otherwise provides, references in this MD&A to
China Gold International or the Company refer to China Gold International and each of its subsidiaries collectively on a
consolidated basis.

The following discussion contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the Company’s plans, objectives, expectations
and intentions, which are based on the Company’s current expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and changes
in circumstances. Readers should carefully consider all of the information set out in this MD&A, including the risks and
uncertainties outlined further in the Company’s Annual Information Form (“Annual Information Form” or “AIF”) dated
March 30, 2022 on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, www.chinagoldintl.com and www.hkex.com.hk. For further information on
risks and other factors that could affect the accuracy of forward-looking statements and the result of operations of the
Company, please refer to the sections titled “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” and to discussions elsewhere
within this MD&A. China Gold International’s business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and
adversely affected by any of these risks.




38     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                              MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements made herein, other than statements of historical fact relating to the Company, represent forward-looking
information. In some cases, this forward-looking information can be identified by words or phrases such as “may”, “will”,
“expect”, “anticipate”, “contemplates”, “aim”, “estimate”, “intend”, “plan”, “believe”, “potential”, “continue”, “is/are likely
to”, “should” or the negative of these terms, or other similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking information.
This forward-looking information includes, among other things; China Gold International’s production estimates, business
strategies and capital expenditure plans; the development and expansion plans and schedules for the CSH Mine and
the Jiama Mine; China Gold International’s financial condition; the regulatory environment as well as the general industry
outlook; general economic trends in China; and statements respecting anticipated business activities, planned expenditures,
corporate strategies, participation in projects and financing, and other statements that are not historical facts.

By their nature, forward-looking information involves numerous assumptions, both general and specific, which may cause
the actual results, performance or achievements of China Gold International and/or its subsidiaries to be materially different
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward–looking information. Some of
the key assumptions include, among others, the absence of any material change in China Gold International’s operations or
in foreign exchange rates, the prevailing price of gold, copper and other non-ferrous metal products; the absence of lower-
than-anticipated mineral recovery or other production problems; effective income and other tax rates and other assumptions
underlying China Gold International’s financial performance as stated in the Company’s technical reports for its CSH Mine
and Jiama Mine; China Gold International’s ability to obtain regulatory confirmations and approvals on a timely basis;
continuing positive labor relations; the absence of any material adverse effects as a result of political instability, terrorism,
natural disasters, pandemics such as COVID-19, litigation or arbitration and adverse changes in government regulation;
the availability and accessibility of financing to China Gold International; and the performance by counterparties of the
terms and conditions of all contracts to which China Gold International and its subsidiaries are a party. The forward-looking
information is also based on the assumption that none of the risk factors identified in this MD&A or in the AIF that could
cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information actually occurs.

Forward-looking information contained herein as of the date of this MD&A is based on the opinions, estimates and
assumptions of management. There are a number of important risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause
actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described as forward-looking information. China Gold
International disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information,
estimates, opinions or assumptions, future events or results, or otherwise except to the extent required by law. There can
be no assurance that forward-looking information will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ
materially from those anticipated in such statements. The forward-looking information in this MD&A is expressly qualified
by this cautionary statement. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021        39
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




THE COMPANY
Overview
China Gold International is a gold and base metal mining company registered in British Columbia Canada. The Company’s
main business involves the operation, acquisition, development and exploration of gold and base metal properties.

The Company’s principal mining operations are the Chang Shan Hao Gold Mine (“CSH Mine” or “CSH”), located in Inner
Mongolia, China and the Jiama Copper-Gold Polymetallic Mine (“Jiama Mine” or “Jiama”), located in Tibet, China. China
Gold International holds a 96.5% interest in the CSH Mine, while its Chinese joint venture (“CJV”) partner holds the
remaining 3.5% interest. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Jiama Mine, which hosts a large scale copper-gold
polymetallic deposit containing copper, gold, molybdenum, silver, lead and zinc metals.

China Gold International’s common shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) and The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited (“HKSE”) under the symbol CGG and the stock code 2099, respectively. Additional information about
the Company, including the Company’s Annual Information Form, is available on SEDAR at sedar.com as well as Hong
Kong Exchange News at hkexnews.hk.
                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Performance Highlights
Three months ended December 31, 2021
•   Revenue increased by 17% to US$312.0 million from US$265.8 million for the same period in 2020.

•   Mine operating earnings increased by 24% to US$111.8 million from US$90.1 million for the same period in 2020.

•   Net income of US$58.8 million increased by 4% or US$2.4 million from US$56.4 million for the same period in
    2020.

•   Cash flow from operation decreased by 73% to US$23.4 million from US$86.8 million for the same period in 2020.

•   Total gold production increased by 5% to 62,278 ounces from 59,177 ounces for the same period in 2020.

•   Total copper production decreased by 6% to 47.1 million pounds (approximately 21,387 tonnes) from 50.1 million
    pounds (approximately 22,742 tonnes) for the same period in 2020.

Year ended December 31, 2021
•   Revenue increased by 32% to US$1,137.4 million from US$864.0 million for the same period in 2020.

•   Mine operating earnings increased by 93% to US$404.1 million from US$209.9 million for the same period in 2020.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2021     41
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




•    Net income of US$268.7 million increased by 136% or US$154.7 million from US$113.9 million for the same period
     in 2020.

•    Cash flow from operation increased by 60% to US$417.3 million from US$260.5 million for the same period in 2020.

•    Total gold production increased by 1.4% to 244,312 ounces from 240,848 ounces for the same period in 2020.

•    Total copper production increased by 5% to 190.5 million pounds (approximately 86,400 tonnes) from 180.9 million
     pounds (approximately 82,059 tonnes) for the same period in 2020.

SELECTED ANNUAL INFORMATION*
                                                                       Year ended December 31
                                                   2021              2020           2019               2018             2017

US$ Millions except for per share
Total revenue                                      1,137              864              657              571              412
Income (loss) from operations                        333              154               (3)              43               79
Net profit (loss)                                    269              114              (32)              (4)              64
Basic earnings (loss) per share (cents)            67.44            28.24            (8.28)           (1.22)           15.93
Diluted earnings (loss) per share (cents)            N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A
Total assets                                       3,257            3,323            3,197            3,216            3,230
Total non-current liabilities                      1,080            1,284              818            1,301            1,324


*    Prepared under IFRS

OUTLOOK
•    The anticipated gold production will be between 241,130 ounces (7.5 tonnes) and 250,775 ounces (7.8 tonnes).

•    Total copper production is estimated to be between 187 million pounds (85,000 tonnes) and 198 million pounds
     (90,000 tonnes).

•    The Company continues to focus its efforts on optimizing the operation at both mines, stabilizing the Jiama Mine’s
     production and potentially extending the mine life of CSH Mine.

•    To fulfill its growth strategy, the Company continues to work with CNG and other interested parties to identify potential
     international mining acquisition opportunities.

•    The Company has not experienced any significant impact on its operations from the COVID-19 pandemic. Both of the
     Company’s mines have been able to operate and sell products without significant interruption during the year ended
     December 31, 2021. The Company continues to closely monitor the health of its employees and supply chains to
     be able to respond to any potential disruptions, should any arise. The Company is also managing its cash reserves
     to be able to withstand any financial ramifications of potential disruptions.




42     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Selected Quarterly Financial Data
                                                                                    Quarter ended
                                                             2021                                              2020
(US$ in thousands except per share)          31-Dec     30-Sep        30-Jun       31-Mar       31-Dec    30-Sep       30-Jun      31-Mar

Revenue                                     312,016    248,326       304,944   272,070         265,810   240,451      209,188     148,583
Cost of sales                               200,210    165,681       179,001   188,319         175,717   174,346      173,701     130,414
Mine operating earnings                     111,806     82,645       125,943    83,751          90,093    66,105       35,487      18,169
General and administrative expenses          16,165      9,462        10,294     8,099          13,656     8,026        5,793       9,186
Exploration and evaluation expenses             358        260            59        41             174        77          165          61
Research and development expenses            10,347      6,619         5,051     4,424          11,019     3,251        2,264       1,966
Income from operations                       84,936     66,304       110,539    71,187          65,244    54,751       27,265       6,956
Foreign exchange gain (loss)                  2,071       (161)        4,944     1,728           4,806     6,366       (2,331)     (5,438)
Finance costs                                 8,296      8,670         9,604     9,743           9,732    10,241       11,525      10,516
Profit (loss) before income tax              81,198     57,885       108,486    64,079          63,961    51,665       17,597      (7,793)
Income tax expense (credit)                  22,422      5,650         7,789     7,112           7,513     4,029         (926)        876
Net profit (loss)                            58,776     52,235       100,697    56,967          56,448    47,636       18,523      (8,669)
Basic earnings (loss) per share (cents)       14.76      13.11         25.27     14.30           14.10     11.87         4.52       (2.25)
Diluted earnings (loss) per share (cents)       N/A        N/A           N/A       N/A             N/A       N/A          N/A         N/A


Selected Quarterly Production Data and Analysis
CSH Mine                                                          Three months ended December 31,        Year ended December 31,
                                                                           2021           2020                 2021           2020

Gold sales (US$ million)                                                   78.77               63.30         266.19               260.07
Realized average price (US$) of gold per ounce                             1,789               1,852          1,798                1,739
Gold produced (ounces)                                                    42,852              34,753        148,082              149,572
Gold sold (ounces)                                                        44,035              34,184        148,086              149,578
Total production cost (US$ per ounce)                                      1,577               1,474          1,538                1,392
Cash production cost(1) (US$ per ounce)                                    1,262               1,205          1,062                  942


(1)    Non-IFRS measure. See ‘Non-IFRS measures’ section of this MD&A




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2021         43
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Gold production at the CSH Mine increased by 23% to 42,852 ounces for the three months ended December 31, 2021
compared to 34,753 ounces for the same period in 2020. The total production cost of gold for the three months ended
December 31, 2021 increased to US$1,577 per ounce compared to US$1,474 for the same period in 2020. The cash
production cost of gold for the three months ended December 31, 2021 increased to US$1,262 per ounce from US$1,205
for the same period in 2020. The increase in total production cost is mainly due to higher depreciation and depletion and
higher reagents costs.

Jiama Mine                                                          Three months ended December 31,    Year ended December 31,
                                                                             2021             2020           2021             2020

Copper sales (US$ in millions)                                             172.42            95.29        561.59           291.18
Realized average price 1 (US$) of copper per pound after smelting
   fee discount                                                              3.61             1.78           2.91            1.64
Copper produced (tonnes)                                                   21,387           22,742         86,400          82,059
Copper produced (pounds)                                               47,149,705       50,138,122    190,479,023     180,909,850
Copper sold (tonnes)                                                       21,525           23,545         87,565          80,463
Copper sold (pounds)                                                   47,454,102       51,908,517    193,047,766     177,391,325
Gold produced (ounces)                                                     19,426           24,424         96,230          91,276
Gold sold (ounces)                                                         19,634           24,999         97,491          89,771
Silver produced (ounces)                                                  927,345        2,369,769      5,188,715       7,275,862
Silver sold (ounces)                                                      923,044        2,407,638      5,330,630       7,113,859
Lead produced (tonnes)                                                        453           23,457         40,661          72,031
Lead produced (pounds)                                                    998,475       51,712,012     89,641,813     158,800,112
Lead sold (tonnes)                                                              –           24,183         42,978          69,714
Lead sold (pounds)                                                              –       53,313,232     94,749,967     153,691,955
Zinc produced (tonnes)                                                        317           10,519         19,560          34,425
Zinc produced (pounds)                                                    699,854       23,191,738     43,121,710      75,893,783
Zinc sold (tonnes)                                                              –           10,917         20,669          33,315
Zinc sold (pounds)                                                              –       24,068,017     45,568,038      73,447,451
Moly produced (tonnes)                                                        230              187            433             187
Moly produced (pounds)                                                    506,714          411,239        954,793         411,239
Moly sold (tonnes)                                                            214              169            363             169
Moly sold (pounds)                                                        472,126          372,762        800,855         372,762


Total production cost 2 (US$) of copper per pound                            3.29             2.87           2.96            2.80
Total production cost 2 (US$) of copper per pound after by-
  products credits 4                                                         2.25             0.81           1.42            1.04


Cash production cost 3 (US$) of copper per pound                             3.13             2.29           2.44            2.14
Cash production cost 3 (US$) of copper per pound after by-
  products credits 4                                                         2.09             0.23           0.90            0.38




44      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




1     A discount factor of 13.4% to 26.4% is applied to the copper benchmark price to compensate the refinery costs incurred by the buyers,
      mixed copper concentrate containing lead and zinc have an average discount factor of 69.95%. The discount factor is higher if the grade
      of copper in copper concentrate is below 18%. The industry standard of copper in copper concentrate is between 18-20%.
2     Production costs include expenditures incurred at the mine sites for the activities related to production including mining, processing, mine
      site G&A and royalties etc.
3     Non-IFRS measure. See ‘Non-IFRS measures’ section of this MD&A
4     By-products credit refers to the sales of gold, silver, lead, zinc and moly during the corresponding period.

During the three months ended December 31, 2021, the Jiama Mine produced 21,387 tonnes (approximately 47.1 million
pounds) of copper, a decrease of 6% compared with the three months ended December 31, 2020 (22,742 tonnes, or
50.1 million pounds).

Both total production cost of copper per pound after by-products and cash production cost of copper per pound after
by-product increased as compared to the same period in 2020 due to lower head grades, and less by-products recovered
of silver, lead and zinc, despite more by-product recovered from molybdenum.

Taking advantage of high metal prices in 2021, the Jiama Mine increased the utilization rate of low-grade ores with operating
costs being strictly controlled. A flexible mining plan with a dynamic cut-off grade was adopted which is responsive and
tailored to the market conditions. The flexible mining plan can effectively maintain the stability of the Jiama Mine’s operation
results and reduce the impact and risk of metal price fluctuations to ensure sustainable growth in operation performance.

Review of Quarterly Data
Three months ended December 31, 2021 compared to three months ended December 31, 2020
Revenue of US$312.0 million for the fourth quarter of 2021 increased by US$46.2 million from US$265.8 million for the
same period in 2020.

Revenue from the CSH Mine was US$78.8 million, an increase of US$15.5 million from US$63.3 million for the same period
in 2020. Realized average gold price decreased by 3% from US$1,852/oz in Q4 2020 to US$1,789/oz in Q4 2021. Gold
sold by the CSH Mine was 44,035 ounces (gold produced: 42,852 ounces), compared to 34,184 ounces (gold produced:
34,753 ounces) for the same period in 2020.

Revenue from the Jiama Mine was US$233.2 million, an increase of US$30.7 million, compared to US$202.5 million for the
same period in 2020. Realized average price of copper increased by 103% from US$1.78/pound in Q4 2020 to US$3.61/
pound in Q4 2021. Total copper sold was 21,525 tonnes (47.5 million pounds) for the three months ended December
31, 2021, a decrease of 9% from 23,545 tonnes (51.9 million pounds) for the same period in 2020.

Cost of sales of US$200.2 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2021, an increase of US$24.5 million from
US$175.7 million for the same period in 2020. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue for the Company decreased from
66% to 64% for the three months ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Cost of sales was impacted by
many operation factors such as grade of ore, recovery rates and stripping ratio. Refer to the sections below for details of
production factors for each individual mine.

Mine operating earnings of US$111.8 million for the three months ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 24%, or
US$21.7 million, from US$90.1 million for the same period in 2020. Mine operating earnings as a percentage of revenue
increased from 34% to 36% for the three months ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively.




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021           45
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




General and administrative expenses increased by US$2.5 million, from US$13.7 million for the quarter ended December
31, 2020 to US$16.2 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2021. The increase was mainly due to the increase in
taxes and surcharges as a result of the increase in sales at the Jiama Mine.

Research and development expenses of US$10.3 million for the three months ended December 31, 2021, decreased from
US$11.0 million for the comparative 2020 period. The decrease in the fourth quarter of 2021 was mainly due to the
completion of several research projects in Q4 2021.

Income from operations of US$84.9 million for the fourth quarter of 2021, increased by US$19.7 million, compared to
US$65.2 million for the same period in 2020.

Finance costs of US$8.3 million for the three months ended December 31, 2021, decreased by US$1.4 million compared
to US$9.7 million for the same period in 2020. The decrease was primarily due to the reduction in the total amount of
borrowings outstanding.

Foreign exchange gain of US$2.1 million for the three months ended December 31, 2021, decreased from US$4.8 million
for the same period in 2020. The gain was attributed to changes in the RMB/USD exchange rates and the revaluation of
monetary items held in Chinese RMB.

Income tax expense of US$22.4 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2021, increased by US$14.9 million from
US$7.5 million for the comparative period in 2020. During the current quarter, the Company had US$17.7 million of
deferred tax expense compared to US$5.3 deferred tax credit million for the same period in 2020. During December
2021, deferred tax expense of US$10.4 million (2020: US$3.8 million) was recognized as withholding tax on declared
dividends to shareholders.

Net income of US$58.8 million for the three months ended December 31, 2021, increased by US$2.4 million from US$56.4
million for the three months ended December 31, 2020.

Year ended December 31, 2021 compared to year ended December 31, 2020
Revenue of US$1,137.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased by US$273.4 million from US$864.0
million for the same period in 2020.

Revenue from the CSH Mine was US$266.2 million, an increase of US$6.1 million, compared to US$260.1 million for the
same period in 2020. Realized average gold price increased by 3% from US$1,739/oz in 2020 to US$1,798/oz in 2021.
Gold sold by the CSH Mine was 148,086 ounces (gold produced: 148,082 ounces), compared to 149,578 ounces (gold
produced: 149,572 ounces) for the same period in 2020.

Revenue from the Jiama Mine was US$871.2 million, an increase of US$267.2 million, compared to US$604.0 million for
the same period in 2020. Realized average price of copper increased by 77% from US$1.64/pound in 2020 compared to
US$2.91/pound in 2021. Total copper sold was 87,565 tonnes (193.0 million pounds) for the year ended December 31,
2021, an increase of 9% from 80,463 tonnes (177.4 million pounds) for the same period in 2020.

Cost of sales of US$733.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of US$79.0 million from US$654.2
million for the same period in 2020. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue for the Company decreased from 76% to
64% for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Cost of sales was impacted by many operation factors
such as grade of ore, recovery rates and stripping ratio. Refer to the sections below for details of production factors for
each individual mine.




46     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                             MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Mine operating earnings of US$404.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 93%, or US$194.2
million, from US$209.9 million for the same period in 2020. Mine operating earnings as a percentage of revenue increased
from 24% to 36% for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively.

General and administrative expenses increased by US$7.3 million, from US$36.7 million for the year ended December 31,
2020 to US$44.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was mainly due to the increase in taxes
and surcharges as a result of the increase in sales at Jiama mine.

Research and development expenses of US$26.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, increased from US$18.5
million for the comparative 2020 period. The increase in 2021 was mainly due to the Company’s research and development
activities in the areas of improvement of recovery rates and optimization of processing and mining processes.

Income from operations of US$317.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, increased by US$162.9 million,
compared to US$154.2 million for the same period in 2020.

Finance costs of US$36.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, decreased by US$5.7 million compared to
US$42.0 million for the same period in 2020. The decrease was primarily due to the reduction in the total amount of
loans outstanding.

Foreign exchange gain of US$8.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, increased from US$3.4 million for the
same period in 2020. The gain was attributed to changes in the RMB/USD exchange rates and the revaluation of monetary
items held in Chinese RMB.

Income tax expense of US$43.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, increased by US$31.5 million from US$11.5
million for the comparative period in 2020. During the current year, the Company had US$7.0 million of deferred tax
expense compared to US$12.5 million deferred tax credit million for the same period in 2020. During December 2021,
deferred tax expense of US$10.4 million (2020: US$3.8 million) was recognized as withholding tax on declared dividends
to shareholders.

Net income of US$268.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, increased by US$154.8 million from US$113.9
million for the year ended December 31, 2020.

NON-IFRS MEASURES
The cash cost of production, cash cost after by-product credits and cash cost per ounce and per pound are measures
that are not in accordance with IFRS.

The Company has included these metrics to supplement its consolidated financial statements, which are presented in
accordance with IFRS. Non-IFRS measures do not have any standardized meaning prescribed under IFRS, and therefore
they may not be comparable to similar measures employed by other companies. The data is intended to provide additional
information and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance, operating results or
financial condition prepared in accordance with IFRS. The Company has included cash production cost per ounce and
per pound data because it understands that certain investors use this information to determine the Company’s ability to
generate earnings and cash flow. The measures are not necessarily indicative of operating results, cash flow from operations,
or financial condition as determined under IFRS.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2021       47
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The following tables provide a reconciliation of cost of sales to the cash costs of production in total dollars and in dollars
per gold ounce for the CSH Mine or per copper pound for the Jiama Mine:

Cash production cost for gold is calculated as total cost of sales adjusted by depreciation and depletion and amortization
of intangible assets. Cash production cost of gold per ounce is calculated as total cash production cost divided by total
gold sold (ounces).

                                                                                          CSH Mine (Gold)
                                              Three months ended December 31,                                             Year ended December 31,
                                         2021                                2020                                2021                                  2020
                                      US$     US$ Per ounce               US$     US$ Per ounce               US$     US$ Per ounce                 US$     US$ Per ounce

Total Cost of sales            69,456,400             1,577         50,400,816            1,474        227,735,962            1,538       208,152,055               1,392
Adjustment – Depreciation &
   depletion                   (13,468,927)            (306)        (9,011,507)            (264)       (68,520,787)            (463)       (65,315,849)              (437)

Adjustment – Amortization of
   intangible assets             (394,392)               (9)          (193,794)              (5)        (1,963,165)             (13)        (1,923,637)               (13)

Total cash production costs    55,593,081             1,262         41,195,515            1,205        157,252,010            1,062       140,912,569                942

Total Gold sold ounces                               44,035                              34,184                             148,086                               148,578


Cash production cost of gold US$ per ounce calculated as total cash production cost divided by total gold sold ounces.

Cash Production cost for copper is calculated as production costs (total cost of sales adjusted by General and administrative
expenses and Research and development expenses) adjusted by depreciation and depletion and amortization of intangible
assets. Cash production cost of copper pound is calculated as total cash production cost divided by total copper sold
(pounds).




48          China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                       Jiama Mine (Copper with by-products credits)
                                               Three months ended December 31,                                  Year ended December 31,
                                             2021                          2020                           2021                          2020
                                                      US$ Per                     US$ Per                           US$ Per                    US$ Per
                                           US$          Pound          US$          Pound             US$             Pound         US$         Pound

Total Cost of sales                 130,752,878          2.76    125,314,548           2.41   505,474,497           2.62   446,024,457            2.52

General and administrative
  expenses                           14,846,633          0.31     12,814,567           0.25    39,255,597           0.20     31,480,286           0.18
Research and development
  expenses                           10,347,536          0.22     11,018,405           0.21    26,441,416           0.14     18,499,635           0.10

Total production cost               155,947,047          3.29    149,147,520           2.87   571,171,510           2.96   496,004,378            2.80

Adjustment – Depreciation &
  depletion                           2,179,303          0.05    (21,664,945)         (0.41) (66,068,137)           (0.34) (81,238,181)          (0.46)
Adjustment – Amortization of
  intangible assets                  (9,751,516)        (0.21)    (8,819,569)         (0.17) (35,310,659)           (0.18) (35,988,790)          (0.20)

Total cash production costs         148,374,834          3.13    118,663,006           2.29   469,792,715           2.44   378,777,407            2.14

By-products credits                 (49,289,762)        (1.04) (106,956,933)          (2.06) (297,073,351)          (1.54) (312,118,617)         (1.76)

Total cash production costs after
   by-products credits               99,085,072          2.09     11,706,073           0.23   172,719,364           0.90     66,658,790           0.38

Total Copper sold pounds                           47,454,102                   51,908,517                   193,047,766                   177,391,325


Cash production cost of copper US$ per pound calculated as total cash production cost divided by total copper sold pounds.

Cash production cost of copper US$ per pound after by-products credits calculated as total cash production cost less total
sales of by-products divided by total copper sold pounds.




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021           49
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




MINERAL PROPERTIES
The CSH Mine
The CSH Mine is located in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region of China (Inner Mongolia). The property hosts two low-
grade, near surface gold deposits, along with other mineralized prospects. The main deposit is called the Northeast Zone
(the “Northeast Zone”), while the second, smaller deposit is called the Southwest Zone (the “Southwest Zone”).

The CSH Mine is owned and operated by Inner Mongolia Pacific Mining Co. Limited, a Chinese Joint Venture in which the
Company holds a 96.5% interest and Ningxia Nuclear Industry Geological Exploration Institution holds the remaining 3.5%.

The CSH Mine is an open-pit mining operations with a designed mining and processing capacity of 60,000 tpd. In July
2019, CSH updated its mine plan based on a result of latest ultimate limit optimization, in which the production rate was
reduced to 40,000 t/d with a life of mine (“LoM”) of seven years as of 2019. The run-of-mine ore is heap leached with
cyanide solution to extract gold and electro-winned to produce a gold dore which is sold to refiners. In June 2020, the
operation of southwest pit ended.

The major new contracts entered into during the year ended December 31, 2021:

                                                                                          Contract period
                                                                        Subject amount    (effective day and
Item No.     Contract Name                Counterpart                   (US$ millions)    expiration date)     Date of Contract

1            Purchase and sale contract of Bayannur Sheng’an Chemical   Estimated: 3.4    2021.1.1 –           2021.1.1
               civil explosive equipment     Co., Ltd. Urad Middle                          2022.1.1
                                             Banner Branch
2            Purchase and sale contract of Hunan Zhongxing              Estimated: 12.7   2021.6.16 –          2021.6.16
               gold bearing materials        Environmental Protection                       2021.7.16
                                             Technology Co., Ltd
3            Purchase and sale contract of Hunan Jinruntiye Co.Ltd      Estimated: 5.2    2021.12.7 –          2021.12.7
               gold bearing materials                                                       2022.1.7
4            Pulverized ore transportation Wulate Zhongqi Taiyue        Estimated: 13.0   2021.12.21 –         2021.12.21
               and Heap Leaching Site        Earthwork Engineering                          2022.12.20
               construction contract         C. Ltd.




50         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                            MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Production Update
                                                         Three months ended                       Year ended
CSH Mine                                                    December 31,                         December 31,
                                                            2021            2020                 2021               2020

Ore mined and placed on pad (tonnes)                   1,754,180         2,564,675         13,182,193         11,508,406
Average ore grade (g/t)                                     0.63              0.46               0.54               0.57
Recoverable gold (ounces)                                 20,618            24,156            137,758            124,330
Ending gold in process (ounces)                          157,816           160,713            157,816            160,713
Waste rock mined (tonnes)                              8,948,518        17,375,012         47,072,911         64,940,037


For the year ended December 31, 2021, the total amount of ore placed on the leach pad was 13.2 million tonnes, with
total contained gold of 137,758 ounces (4,285 kilograms). The overall accumulative project-to-date gold recovery rate
has remained at approximately 55.39% at the end of December 2021 from 54.81% at the end of September 2021. Of
which, gold recovery from the phase I and phase II heap leach pads were 59.77% and 51.92%; at December 31, 2021,
respectively.

Exploration
Two geological exploration programs were conducted at CSH in 2020 to increase and upgrade mineral resources. In the first
quarter of 2021, the drilling was completed. A total of 7 drill holes with 4,654.35 meters were completed at the southwest
zone, and a total of 26 drill holes with 17,167.50 meters, including one hydro-geological hole with 755.50 meters, were
completed at the northeast zone. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company focused on the data processing, interpretation
and modeling work based on the 33 drill holes amounting to 21,821.85 meters completed at the southwest and northeast
zones in the first quarter of 2021.

An exploration report on zones along boundary and at depth was reviewed by the Evaluation Centre for Mineral Resources
and Mineral Reserves of the Ministry of Natural Resources (PRC) in November 2021 and registered in the Ministry of
Natural Resources (PRC) in January 2022, providing a basis for development studies of mineral resources at depth.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2021      51
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Mineral Resource Update
CSH Mine Mineral Resources by category, at December 31, 2021 under NI 43-101 are listed below:

                                                                                                                     Metal
Type                                                     Quantity Mt                    Au g/t                     Au t                 Au Moz

Measured                                                        0.93                      0.43                    0.40                     0.01
Indicated                                                      94.62                      0.62                   58.52                     1.88

M+I                                                            95.55                      0.62                   58.92                     1.89
Inferred                                                       80.24                      0.52                   41.52                     1.33


Note: The gold price (in USD) used to estimate the cut-off grade for the mineral resources is AU = $1,800/oz. The estimated cut-off grade is 0.28
        g/t.

Mineral Reserves Update
CSH Mine Mineral Reserves by category at December 31, 2021 under NI 43-101 are summarized below:

                                                                                                                     Metal
Type                                                     Quantity Mt                    Au g/t                     Au t                 Au Moz

Proven                                                          0.35                      0.47                    0.16                     0.01
Probable                                                       42.32                      0.67                   28.29                     0.91

Total                                                          42.67                      0.67                   28.45                     0.91


Note: The gold price (in USD) used to estimate the cut-off grade for the mineral reserves is AU = $1,380/oz. The estimated cut-off grade is 0.28
        g/t.




52         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                          MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The Jiama Mine
Jiama is a large copper-gold polymetallic deposit containing copper, gold, silver, molybdenum, lead and zin, located in
the Gandise metallogenic belt in Tibet Autonomous Region of China.

The Jiama Mine has both underground mining and open-pit mining operations. Phase I of the Jiama Mine commenced
operation in the latter half of 2010 and reached its design capacity of 6,000 tpd in early 2011. Phase II of the Jiama Mine
commenced mining operations in 2018 with 44,000 tpd design capacity. The combined mining and processing capacity
at the Jiama Mine is 50,000 tpd.

The major new contracts entered into during the year ended December 31, 2021:

                                                                                                                   Contract period
                                                                                                 Subject amount    (effective day and
Item No.   Contract Name                                   Counterpart                           (US $ millions)   expiration date)      Date of Contract

1          Production and operation project of pressure Mozhugongka Tai Hua Mine                 Estimated: 3.7    2021.2.1-2022.1.31    2021.2.1
              filter workshop of the first plant of Mineral    Machinery Repair Co. Ltd
              Processing
2          Management and maintenance of Phase II           Zhejiang Bao shu Construction        Estimated: 6.0    2021.2.1-2024.1.31    2021.2.1
              ore breakage and orepass system contract         Co., Ltd
3          No 1 processing plant, No 2 processing           Sichuan haotianyu Construction       Estimated: 13.0   2021.2.1-2023.1.31    2021.2.1
              plant, phase I tailings pond, phase II           Machinery Leasing Co., Ltd
              tailings pond, Open air rotary crushing
              station, flood control and sporadic
              machinery and equipment lease contract
4          Steel ball purchase contract                     Chinalco Industrial Services Co.,    Estimated: 3.1    2021.4.20-2022.4.20   2021.4.20
                                                               Ltd
5          Contract for purchase of Cement                  Tibet Wanshun Industrial Co., Ltd    Estimated: 16.1   2021.4.28-2022.4.28   2021.4.28
6          Supplementary Agreement 2 of EPC General Beijing General Research Institute           Estimated: 14.0   2021.4.6-2021.12.31   2021.4.6
              Contracting Project Contract for Phase           of Mining & Metallurgy
              II Guolanggou Tailing reservoir Subdam
              (4265-4315m
7          Supplementary Contract 6 to the EPC              China National Gold Engineering      Estimated: 27.8   2012.12.31-2021.4.9   2021.4.9
              General Contracting Contract of Lhasa            Corporation
              Base and Surface Mining and Selecting
              Engineering of Tibet Jiama Project Phase
              II
8          Supplemental agreement (sodium                   Fengshi Chemical (Shanghai) Co.,     Estimated: 5.3    2021.1.31-2022.1.30   2021.1.31
              hydrosulfide purchase contract signed a          Ltd.
              supplementary agreement for Party A to
              provide free warehouse matters to Party
              B)
9          Copper concentrate powder purchase and           China National Gold Group            Estimated: 557.3 2021.1.1-2021.12.31    2021.1.1
              sale contract                                    International Trading Co., Ltd.
10         Sodium hydrosulfide purchase contract            Fengshi chemical (Shanghai) Co.,     Estimated: 4.5    2021.7.15-2022.7.14   2021.7.15
                                                               Ltd



                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2021         53
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                                                                 Contract period
                                                                                               Subject amount    (effective day and
Item No.    Contract Name                                 Counterpart                          (US $ millions)   expiration date)        Date of Contract

11          Steel ball purchase contract                  China Aluminum Industrial Services   Estimated: 3.4    2021.9.13-2022.9.12     2021.9.13
                                                             Co., Ltd
12          Tibet Huatailong smart mine service           China United Network                 Estimated: 5.7    2021.10.1-2026.10.1     2021.9.29
               procurement contract                          Communication Co., Ltd. Tibet
                                                             autonomous division
13          Lime purchase contract                        Tibet Chengsong Trading Co., Ltd     Estimated: 5.0    2021.11.18-2022.11.17   2021.11.18
14          Blasting engineering construction services    Tibet Gaozheng Blasting              Estimated: 11.0   2022.1.1-2022.12.31     2021.12.15
                                                             Engineering Co., Ltd
15          Blasting engineering construction services    Tibet Zhongjin Xinlian Blasting      Estimated: 11.0   2022.1.1-2022.12.31     2021.12.15
                                                            Engineering Co., Ltd


Production Update
Jiama Mine                                               Three months ended December 31,                           Year ended December 31,
                                                                  2021               2020                                2021              2020

Ore processed (tonnes)                                         4,114,206                 4,064,717                16,304,513              14,990,810
Average copper ore grade (%)                                        0.61                      0.67                      0.63                    0.67
Copper recovery rate (%)                                              86                        83                        85                      82
Average gold grade (g/t)                                            0.24                      0.26                      0.28                    0.27
Gold recovery rate (%)                                                61                        71                        66                      70
Average silver grade (g/t)                                         10.71                     28.71                     15.24                   24.94
Silver recovery rate (%)                                              65                        63                        65                      61
Average lead grade (%)                                                 –                      1.81                      1.42                    1.78
Lead recovery rate (%)                                                 –                     74.32                     81.65                   68.74
Average zinc grade (%)                                                 –                      0.89                      0.77                    0.93
Zinc recovery rate (%)                                                 –                     68.01                         –                   62.85
Average Moly grade (%)                                             0.023                     0.025                     0.022                   0.025
Moly recovery rate (%)                                             24.45                     30.73                     28.22                   39.42


During the year ended December 31, 2021, the metals recovery rates increased by 3% for copper, 4% for silver, 13%
for lead and 9% for zinc, and decreased 4% for gold. The improvement is mainly due to the continued optimization of
mineral processing operations including regime of reagents, and the amelioration of steady flowsheet.

Exploration
The 2021 exploration program for Jiama Mine planned for 12 drill holes totaling 17,418 meters. The program focused on
extremities of the Jiama deposit. As of the fourth quarter of 2021, a total portion of three drill holes for 2,811.72 meters
have been completed, with basic assay of 971 samples. The remaining nine holes are pending the leasing approval of
land to serve as temporary exploration access roads.




54         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Mineral Resources Estimate
Jiama Mine resources by category at December 31, 2021 under NI 43-101:

                                                 Jiama Project – Cu, Mo, Pb, Zn, Au, and Ag Mineral Resources under NI 43-101
                                                    Reported at a 0.3% Cu Equivalent Cut off grade*, as of December 31, 2021
                Quantity                                                                         Cu Metal Mo Metal Pb Metal         Zn Metal
Class                Mt         Cu %     Mo %       Pb %         Zn %      Au g/t      Ag g/t          (kt)       (kt)       (kt)       (kt)   Au Moz   Ag Moz

Measured          92.99         0.38      0.04      0.04        0.02        0.07        5.10       356.9        34.0        33.5       16.8     0.224    15.236
Indicated      1,330.44         0.40      0.03      0.05        0.03        0.10        5.53     5,306.6       456.0       613.1      380.0     4.315   236.515
M+I            1,423.43         0.40      0.03      0.05        0.03        0.10        5.50     5,663.5       489.0       646.6      396.8     4.539   251.752
Inferred          406.1         0.31      0.03      0.08        0.04        0.10        5.13     1,247.0       123.0       311.0      175.0     1.317    66.926


Note: Figures reported are rounded which may result in small tabulation errors.
        The Copper price is US$2.9/lbs
        The Copper Equivalent basis for the reporting of resources has been compiled on the following basis:
        CuEq Grade: = (Ag Grade * Ag Price + Au Grade * Au Price + Cu Grade * Cu Price + Pb Grade * Pb Price +
                           Zn Grade * Zn Price + Mo Grade * Mo Price)/Copper Price




                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2021           55
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Mineral Reserves Estimate
Jiama Mine reserves by category at December 31, 2021 under NI 43-101:

                                             Jiama Project Statement of NI 43-101 Mineral Reserve Estimate as of December 31, 2021
                   Quantity                                                                     Cu Metal Mo Metal Pb Metal Zn Metal
Class                   Mt     Cu %      Mo %       Pb %         Zn %       Au g/t     Ag g/t         (kt)        (kt)       (kt)  (kt)   Au Moz   Ag Moz

Proven              18.48      0.60       0.05       0.02       0.01       0.19       7.67      110.5        9.1        4.0        2.7     0.114     4.559
Probable           356.44      0.60       0.03       0.12       0.07       0.16      10.25    2,127.3      121.1      427.7      236.2     1.844   117.524
P+P                374.92      0.60       0.03       0.12       0.06       0.16      10.13    2,237.8      130.3      431.7      238.9     1.958   122.083


Notes:
1.       All Mineral Reserves have been estimated in accordance with the JORC code and have been reconciled to CIM standards as prescribed by
         the NI 43-101.
2.       Mineral Reserves were estimated using the following mining and economic factors:
         Open Pits:
         a)      5% dilution factor and 95% recovery were applied to the mining method;
         b)      an overall slope angles of 43 degrees;
         c)      a copper price of US$2.9/lbs;
         d)      an overall processing recovery of 88 – 90% for copper
         Underground:
         a)      10% dilution added to all Sub-Level Open Stoping;
         b)      Stope recovery is 87% for Sub-Level Open Stoping;
         c)      An overall processing recovery of 88 – 90% for copper.
3.       The cut-off grade for Mineral Reserves has been estimated at copper equivalent grades of 0.3% Cu (NSR) for the open pits and 0.45% Cu
         (NSR) for the underground mine.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, there was a construction contract dispute between independent third parties
including the constructor, Huaxin Construction Group Co., Ltd. (formerly named as “Nantong Huaxin Construction Group Co.,
Ltd.”) (“Huaxin”) and the developer, Zhongxinfang, and the Company’s subsidiary, Tibet Huatailong Mining Development
Co. Ltd. (“Huatailong”). The land use right was transferred to Zhongxinfang in 2019 pursuant to the cooperation agreement
signed between Zhongxinfang and Huatailong in 2019 in relation to the transferring of land use right in return of a block
of the buildings and twenty car parks (the “Land Exchange”).




56            China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                              MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Based on the cooperation agreement, Zhongxinfang is obligated to deliver a block of the buildings and twenty car parks (the
“New Premises”) to the Company no later than 2021. As at December 31, 2021 and up to the date these consolidated
financial statements are authorised for issue, the composite project is still suspended due to litigations against Zhongxinfang
and the New Premises are not delivered to Huatailong on May 31, 2021, the original contractual delivery date. The
construction of the New Premises is substantially completed pending for installation of plumbing, electrical wiring, interior
walls and decoration. On June 21, 2021, Huatailong applied for pre-litigation preservation of the New Premises from
Zhongxinfang, the Intermediate People’s Court of Lhasa City, Tibet, adjudicated that the value of New Premises limited to
RMB137 million (equivalent to US$21 million), and a block of the building and twenty car parks from Zhongxinfang were
frozen for three and two years, respectively (the “New Premises Pre-litigation Preservation”). On July 21, 2021, pursuant
to the New Premises Pre-litigation Preservation, Huatailong proceeded a lawsuit against Zhongxinfang for the delivery of
New Premises and penalty amounting to RMB5 million (equivalent to US$773,000), and on 18 October 2021, Huatailong
submitted further application to the court and requested assessment on the level of rent to be used for determining the
penalty, the lawsuit is currently under processing and the result is not ascertain as at the date these consolidated financial
statements are authorised for issue. Based on Company’s assessment on the completion status of the New Premises, the
construction of the New Premises has been substantially completed, there has been no significant market value decline of
comparable properties during the current interim period and the Company has first priority of claim over the New Premises
under New Premises Pre-litigation Preservation. Accordingly, no impairment loss (2020: nil) has been made on the other
non-current assets as the management are of the opinion that the recoverable amount of the non-current assets is above
its carrying amount of US$19,645,000 (equivalent to RMB125,252,000) as at December 31, 2021.

In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2020, Huatailong has been subjected to tax and other surcharges (the
“Tax and Other Surcharge”) in relation to Land Exchange amounting to RMB60 million (equivalent to US$8,714,000),
which Huatailong expects to recover from Zhongxinfang in accordance with the cooperation agreement between Huatailong
and Zhongxinfang signed in 2019. On July 8, 2020, Huatailong applied for pre-litigation preservation of assets from
Zhongxinfang, the Intermediate People’s Court of Lhasa City, Tibet, adjudicated that the value of certain properties limited
to RMB46 million (equivalent to US$6,609,000) of Zhongxinfang was frozen for one year (the “Pre-litigation Preservation”).
Based on the first instance adjudication dated November 20, 2020 in relation to the lawsuit against Zhongxinfang for the
recoverability of the Tax and Other Surcharges paid by Huatailong, which became final adjudication upon expiry of appeal
application in December 2020, the litigation ruling adjudicated that Zhongxinfang shall repay the Tax and Other Surcharge
of RMB46 million (equivalent to US$6,997,000) to Huatailong (the “November Adjudication”) within 30 days from the
effective date of the November Adjudication (the “Due Date”). As Zhongxinfang has not settled such amount within the
Due Date, Huatailong applied for an enforcement of the November Adjudication in January 2021 (the “Enforcement”).
On June 24 2021, the Intermediate People’s Court of Lhasa City, Tibet, adjudicated the Enforcement is suspended as
there are no executable properties from Zhongxinfang as all of the assets owned by Zhongxinfang have been sealed up
or frozen. Based on legal advice, the Enforcement is currently suspended and the Company’s first priority of claim over
one of the assets under Pre-litigation Preservation has been extended for three years till May 24, 2024, Furthermore, in
order to recover Tax and Other Surcharge from Zhongxinfang, Huatailong has applied for participation of enforcement
procedures over assets sealed up together with the other plaintiffs, which the Higher People’s Court of Lhasa City will
start the auctions of the assets. The Company will also reapply for enforcement when there are executable properties of
Zhongxinfang being made available.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021       57
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Based on the best available information to the Company as of December 31, 2021, and up to the date these consolidated
financial statements are authorised for issue, the Company estimated that the fair value of total assets owned by Zhongxinfang
exceeded the outstanding liabilities that the courts adjudicated to Zhongxinfang’s plaintiffs. In addition, the Company has
first priority of claim over one of the assets under Pre-litigation Preservation, which has estimated fair value exceeding the
carry amount of the other receivable related to the Tax and Other Surcharge. In the opinion of the management, expected
credit loss on other receivables is insignificant based on the credit risk assessment for the year ended December 31, 2021.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The Company operates in a capital intensive industry. The Company’s liquidity requirements arise principally from the
need for financing its mining and mineral processing operations, exploration activities and acquisition of exploration and
mining rights. The Company’s principal sources of funds have been proceeds from borrowings from commercial banks in
China, corporate bonds financing, equity financings, and cash generated from operations. The Company’s liquidity primarily
depends on its ability to generate cash flow from its operations and to obtain external financing to meet its debt obligations
as they become due, as well as the Company’s future operating and capital expenditure requirements.

At December 31, 2021, the Company had an accumulated surplus of US$482.2 million, working capital of US$197.8
million and borrowings of US$970.6 million. The Company’s cash balance at December 31, 2021 was US$208.1 million.

Management believes that its forecast operating cash flows are sufficient to cover the next twelve months of the Company’s
operations including its planned capital expenditures and current debt repayments. The Company’s borrowings are comprised
of US$298.0 million of 2.8% coupon rate unsecured bonds maturing on June 23, 2023, and US$89.4 million of short
term debt facilities with interest rates ranging from 1.20% to 4.51% per annum arranged through various banks in China.
In addition, on November 3, 2015, the Company entered into a Loan Facility agreement with a syndicate of banks, led
by Bank of China. The lenders agreed to lend an aggregate principle amount of RMB3.98 billion, approximately US$613
million with the interest rate of 2.83% per annum. The People’s Bank of China Lhasa Center Branch’s interest rate serves
as a local benchmark for the interest on the drawdowns. The bank’s interest rate is then discounted by 7 basis points
(or 0.07%) to calculate the interest on the drawdowns. The loan interest rate was adjusted from benchmark interest rate
minus 7 basis points to 5 year loan prime rate (“LPR”) less 2% (LPR-2%) in second quarter of 2020. The interest rate
of 2.65% shall be applied for the current year after converting. The proceeds from the Loan Facility are to be used for
the development of the Jiama Mine. The loan is secured by the mining rights for the Jiama Mine. As of December 31,
2021 the Company has drawn down RMB3.79 billion, approximately US$594.4 million under the Loan Facility. On April
29, 2020, the Company entered into a Loan Facility agreement with a syndicate of banks. The lenders agreed to lend an
aggregate principal amount of RMB1.4 billion, approximately US$197.8 million with the interest rate of 2.65% per annum
currently, maturing on April 28, 2034. The Company obtained a loan in the aggregate principal amount of RMB400
million, approximately US$61.7 million, with China Development Bank bearing interest at the People’s Bank of China Loan
Market Quote Rate (1 year) minus 2.65% on April 30, 2020. The current interest rate of the loan is 1.2% per annum. The
Company believes that the availability of debt financing in China at favorable rates will continue for the foreseeable future.
The Company continues to review and assess its assets for impairment as part of its financial reporting processes. To
date, the assessment carried out by the Company support the carrying values of the Company’s assets and no impairment
has been required. However, the management of the Company continues to evaluate key assumptions on estimates and
management judgements in order to determine the recoverable amount of the CSH Mine and the Jiama Mine.




58     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                              MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




CASH FLOWS
The following table sets out selected cash flow data from the Company’s consolidated cash flow statements for the years
ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020.

                                                                                             Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                   2021              2020
                                                                                               US$’000            US$’000

Net cash from operating activities                                                              417,275                260,456
Net cash used in investing activities                                                          (150,711)              (133,210)
Net cash used in financing activities                                                          (307,543)               (71,636)
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                                            (40,979)                55,610
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                              5,819                  5,388
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                  243,288                182,290

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                        208,128                243,288


Operating cash flow
For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash inflow from operating activities was US$417.3 million which is primarily
attributable to (i) profit before income tax of US$311.6 million (ii) depreciation of property, plant and equipment of US$137.8
million (iii) amortization of mining rights of US$37.4 million and (iv) finance cost of US$36.3 million, partially offset by (i)
income taxes paid of US$41.6 million (ii) interest paid of US$30.9 million (iii) increase in accounts payables of US$19.8
million and (iv) unrealized foreign exchange gains of US$11.9 million.

Investing cash flow
For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net cash outflow from investing activities was US$150.7 million which is
primarily attributable to (i) payment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment of US$143.6 million (ii) placement of
restricted bank balance of US$25.2 million for bank notes and (iii) purchase of land use rights of US$9.3 million, partially
offset by release of restricted bank balance of US$24.0 million for bank notes.

Financing cash flow
For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net cash outflow mainly from financing activities was US$307.5 million
which is primarily attributable to (i) the repayment of borrowings of US$228.0 million, (ii) dividend paid to shareholders
of US$48.4 million and (iii) repayments of entrusted loan of US$30.6 million.

Expenditures Incurred
For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred mining costs of US$144.2 million, mineral processing
costs of US$122.8 million and transportation costs of US$6.9 million.

Gearing ratio
Gearing ratio is defined as the ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated total equity. As at December 31, 2021, the
Company’s total debt was US$970.6 million and the total equity was US$1,833 million. The Company’s gearing ratio was
therefore 0.53 as at December 31, 2021 compared to 0.77 as at December 31, 2020.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021       59
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES. ASSOCIATES
AND JOINT VENTURES, AND FUTURE PLAN FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OF CAPITAL
ASSETS
Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this MD&A or in the consolidated financial statements for year ended December 31,
2021, there were no significant investments held by the Company, nor were there any material acquisitions or disposals
of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the year ended December 31, 2021. Other than as disclosed in this
MD&A, there was no plan authorized by the Board for other material investments or additions of capital assets at the date
of this MD&A.

CHARGE ON ASSETS
Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this MD&A and annual consolidated financial statements, none of the Company’s
assets were pledged as at December 31, 2021.

EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN EXCHANGE RATES AND RELATED HEDGES
The Company is exposed to the financial risk related to the fluctuation of foreign exchange rates for the monetary assets
and liabilities denominated in the currencies other than the functional currencies to which they relate. The Company has
not hedged its exposure to currency fluctuation. However, the Management monitors foreign exchange exposure and will
consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise. Refer to Note 35, Financial Instruments, in
the annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021.

COMMITMENTS
Commitments include principal payments on the Company’s bank loans and syndicated loan facility, corporate bonds,
and capital commitments in respect of the future acquisition of property, plant and equipment and construction for both
the CSH Mine and the Jiama Mine.

The Company’s capital commitments relate primarily to the payments for purchase of equipment and machinery for both
mines and payments to third-party contractors for the provision of mining and exploration engineering work and mine
construction work for both mines. The Company has entered into contracts that prescribe such capital commitments;
however, liabilities relating to them have not yet been incurred. Refer to Note 36, Commitments, in the annual consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021.

On June 24, 2020, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Skyland Mining (BVI) Limited, issued bonds
denominated in U.S. dollar, with an aggregate principal amount of US$300 million. The Bonds were issued at a price of
99.886%, bearing a coupon of 2.8% per annum with a maturity date of June 23, 2023. Interest is payable in semi-annual
installments on December 23 and June 23 of each year. The bonds are listed on HKSE and Chongwa (Macao) Financial
Asset Exchange (“MOX”).




60     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                             MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The following table outlines payments for commitments for the periods indicated:

                                                                           Within            Within Two                   Over
                                                       Total             One year          to five years            five years
                                                    US$’000              US$’000               US$’000               US$’000

Principal repayment of bank loans                   672,579                89,403              310,397               272,779
Repayment of bonds including interest               297,980                 8,203              289,777                     –

Total                                               970,559                97,606              600,174               272,779


In addition to the table set forth above, the Company has entered into service agreements with third-party contractors
such as China Railway for the provision of mining and exploration engineering work and mine construction work for the
CSH Mine. The fees for such work performed and to be performed each year varies depending on the amount of work
performed. The Company has similar agreements with third party contractors for the Jiama Mine.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. (formerly known as China National Gold Group Corporation) (“CNG”) owned 40.01
percent of the outstanding common shares of the Company as at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021.

The Company had major related party transactions with the following companies related by way of shareholders or
shareholder in common:

The Company’s subsidiary, Inner Mongolia Pacific is a party to a non-exclusive contract for the purchase and sale of doré
with CNG (the “Dore Sales Contract”) pursuant to which Inner Mongolia Pacific sells gold doré bars to CNG. The pricing
is based on the monthly average price of gold ingot as quoted on the Shanghai Gold Exchange and the daily average price
of silver as quoted on the Shanghai Huatong Platinum & Silver Exchange prevailing at the time of each relevant purchase
order during the contract period. The Dore Sales Contract has been in effect since October 24, 2008 and was renewed for
a new term that commenced on January 1, 2018 and expired on December 31, 2020, which renewal was approved by the
Company’s shareholders on June 28, 2017. On June 16, 2020, the third Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of
Dore was approved by the Company’s Shareholders, commencing on January 1, 2021 and expiring on December 31, 2023.

Revenue from sales of gold doré bars to CNG was US$266.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 which increased
from US$260.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020.

The Company is also a party to a Product and Service Framework Agreement with CNG, pursuant to which CNG provides
construction, procurement and equipment financing services to the Company and also purchases the copper concentrates
produced at the Jiama Mine. The quantity of copper concentrates, pricing terms and payment terms may be established
from time to time by the parties with reference to the pricing principles for connected transactions set out under the Product
and Service Framework Agreement. On June 28, 2017, the Supplemental Product and Service Framework Agreement was
approved and extended to expire on December 31, 2020. On June 16, 2020, the third Supplemental Product and Service
Framework Agreement was approved by the Company’s Shareholders, commencing on January 1, 2021 and expiring on
December 31, 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2021, revenue from sales of copper concentrate and other products
to CNG was US$568.4 million compared to US$166.7 million for the same period in 2020.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021       61
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




For the year ended December 31, 2021, construction services of US$7.2 million were provided to the Company by
subsidiaries of CNG (US$16.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020).

In addition to the aforementioned major related party transactions, the Company also obtains additional services from
related parties in its normal course of business, including a Loan Agreement and a Deposit Services Agreement entered
into on March 25, 2019, December 31, 2019, December 22, 2020 and a Financial Service Agreement on May 5, 2021
among the Company and China Gold Finance. As part of the 2021 signed agreement, approved by the Company’s
Shareholders at Annual General Meeting, China Gold Finance agreed to provide the Company with a range of financial
services including (a) Deposit Services, (b) Lending Services, (c) Settlement Services and (d) Other Financial Services
effective until December 31, 2023.

Refer to Note 32 of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021.

PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS
The Board of Directors has given the Company approval to conduct reviews of a number of projects that may qualify as
acquisition targets through joint venture, merger and/or outright acquisitions. The Company did not have any material
acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company
continues to review possible acquisition targets.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies, the Directors of the Company have identified accounting
judgments and key sources of estimation uncertainty that have a significant effect on the amounts recognized in the audited
annual consolidated financial statements.

Key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of each reporting period
that have a risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next twelve
months are described in Note 4 of the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2021.

CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
A summary of new and revised IFRS standards and interpretations are outlined in Note 2 of the audited annual consolidated
financial statements as at December 31, 2021.

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS
The Company holds a number of financial instruments, the most significant of which are equity securities, accounts
receivables, accounts payables, cash and loans. The financial instruments are recorded at either fair values or amortized
amount on the balance sheet. The Company did not have any financial derivatives or outstanding hedging contracts as
at December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021.

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
As at December 31, 2021, the Company had not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements.




62     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                             MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




DIVIDEND AND DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company does not currently have a fixed dividend policy. The Board of Directors will determine any future dividend
policy on the basis of, among other things, the results of operations, cash flows and financial conditions, operating and
capital requirements, the rules promulgated by the regulators affecting dividends in both Canada and Hong Kong, China
and at both the TSX and HKSE, and the amount of distributable profits and other relevant factors.

Subject to the British Columbia Business Corporations Act, the Directors may from time to time declare and authorize
payment of such dividends as they may deem advisable, including the amount thereof and the time and method of payment
provided that the record date for the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to receive payment of the dividend must
not precede the date on which the dividend is to be paid by more than two months.

A dividend may be paid wholly or partly by the distribution of cash, specific assets or of fully paid shares or of bonds,
debentures or other securities of the Company, or in any one or more of those ways. No dividend may be declared or
paid in money or assets if there are reasonable grounds for believing that the Company is insolvent or the payment of the
dividend would render the Company insolvent.

In connection with the Company’s financial results for the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company is pleased to
announce the declaration of a special dividend of US$0.25 per common share payable on June 15, 2022 to shareholders
of record as of April 20, 2022. This dividend qualifies as an “eligible dividend” for Canadian income tax purposes while
dividends paid to shareholders outside Canada (non-resident investors) will be subject to Canadian non-resident withholding
taxes. If you are a non-resident taxpayer resident in a country or area that Canada has a tax treaty with, you may be
eligible to receive the reduced rate of tax for the dividend you will be receiving. Please review the NR301 form to check
if you are eligible and if so, submit the aforementioned form to ensure the benefit from the tax treaty is applied to you.

The Board of Directors will determine any future dividends and dividend policy on the basis of earnings, financial
requirements and other relevant factors.

OUTSTANDING SHARES
As of December 31, 2021 the Company had 396,413,753 common shares issued and outstanding.

DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES AND INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
REPORTING
Management is responsible for the design of disclosure controls and procedures (“DC&P”) and the design of internal
control over financial reporting (“ICFR”) to provide reasonable assurance that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the Company’s certifying officers. The Company’s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have each evaluated the Company’s DC&P and ICFR as of December 31, 2021 and, in
accordance with the requirements established under Canadian National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure
in Issuer’s Annual and Interim Filings, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these
controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2021, and provide reasonable assurance that material information
relating to the Company is made known to them by others within the Company and that the information required to be
disclosed in reports that are filed or submitted under Canadian securities legislation are recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time period specified in those rules.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2021       63
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have used the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) 2013 framework to evaluate the Company’s ICFR as of December 31, 2021 and have
concluded that these controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2021 and provide reasonable assurance
that financial information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner. Management is required
to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. The result of the
inherent limitations in all control systems means design of controls cannot provide absolute assurance that all control
issues and instances of fraud will be detected. During the year ended December 31, 2021, there were no changes in the
Company’s DC&P or ICFR that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting.

RISK FACTORS
There are certain risks involved in the Company’s operations, some of which are beyond the Company’s control. Aside
from risks relating to business and industry, the Company’s principal operations are located within the People’s Republic
of China and are governed by a legal and regulatory environment that in some respects differs from that which prevails in
other countries. Readers of this MD&A should give careful consideration to the information included in this document and
the Company’s audited annual consolidated financial statements and related notes. Significant risk factors for the Company
are metal prices, government regulations, foreign operations, environmental compliance, the ability to obtain additional
financing, risk relating to recent acquisitions, dependence on management, title to the Company’s mineral properties,
natural disasters, pandemics such as COVID-19 and litigation. China Gold International’s business, financial condition or
results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks. For details of risk factors, please
refer to the Company’s annual audited consolidated financial statements, and Annual Information Form filed from time to
time on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and www.hkex.com.hk.

QUALIFIED PERSON
Disclosure of scientific or technical information in this MD&A was reviewed and approved by Mr. Zhongxin Guo, P.Eng.,
the Company’s Chief Engineer and a Qualified Person (“QP”) for the purposes of NI 43-101.

March 30, 2022




64     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD.

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 70 to 155, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at December 31, 2021, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at December 31, 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for
Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards)
(the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTER
Key audit matter is that matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021       65
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

KEY AUDIT MATTER (Cont’d)
Impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment, right- How our audit addressed the key audit matter
of-use assets and mining rights

We identified the impairment assessment of property, plant and          Our procedures in relation to the impairment
equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights as a key audit         assessment of property, plant and equipment, right-
matter due to significant management judgement and estimation           of-use assets and mining rights included:
involved in the impairment assessment.
                                                                        •    Obtaining an understanding of the key controls
As at December 31, 2021, the market capitalisation of the Company            over the impairment assessment of the Group’s
was below the carrying value of its net assets of approximately              property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
US$1,833 million. This may be an indicator that the carrying                 assets and mining rights;
amounts of the Group’s property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
assets and mining rights are impaired.                                  •    Assessing the appropriateness of the Group’s
                                                                             identification of individual CGU;
As disclosed in notes 21, 19 and 22 to the consolidated financial
statements, the carrying values of the Group’s property, plant and      •    Evaluating the independent external valuer’s
equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights as at December              competence, capabilities and objectivity;
31, 2021 were approximately US$1,804 million, US$26 million and
                                                                        •    Engaging our internal valuation experts to
US$832 million, respectively.
                                                                             evaluate the appropriateness of the valuation
The Group’s two cash-generating units (“CGUs”) for impairment                methodology, technical information provided
assessment purposes include the related property, plant and                  by the external valuation expert and the key
equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights associated with             assumptions used in the valuation models
the Group’s gold mine, located in Inner Mongolia, China and                  against external benchmarks, our knowledge of
copper mine, located in Tibet, China. When an impairment review              the Group and its industry;
is undertaken, recoverable amount is assessed with reference
to the higher of value in use (“VIU”) and fair value less costs of      •    Evaluating the sensitivity analysis for the key
disposal. VIU is based on the discounted cash flows expected to be           assumptions in the valuation models for risk
derived from the Group’s CGUs, taking into account the appropriate           assessment;
discount rates.
                                                                        •    Assessing the reasonableness of the key
As disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements,             assumptions used in the valuation models with
the management exercises significant judgement and estimation                reference to the historical accuracy of such
in respect of the key assumptions applied in the VIU calculation,            forecasts and the current operational results;
such as future metal selling prices, recoverable reserves, resources,        and
production cost estimates, future operating costs and discount
rates.                                                                  •    Comparing the key input data in the cash flow
                                                                             forecast to the source documents.
During the year ended December 31, 2021, no impairment loss
was recognised for the Group’s property, plant and equipment,
right-of-use assets and mining rights.




66      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for
such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion
solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or
in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021       67
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Cont’d)
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
      or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
      and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
      fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
      misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
      in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal
      control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
      audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
      doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
      required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
      or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence
      obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease
      to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
      a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
      within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
      supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.




68      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Cont’d)
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matter communicated with those charged with governance, we determine that matter that was of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and is therefore the key audit matter. We describe
this matter in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Wong Ka I.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu

Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong

March 30, 2022




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021       69
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




                                                                                  2021        2020
                                                                       NOTES    US$’000     US$’000


Revenue                                                                  5     1,137,356     864,032
Cost of sales                                                                   (733,211)   (654,178)


Mine operating earnings                                                         404,145     209,854


Expenses
  General and administrative expenses                                    6       (44,020)    (36,661)
  Exploration and evaluation expenditure                                 7          (718)       (477)
  Research and development expenses                                              (26,441)    (18,500)


                                                                                 (71,179)    (55,638)


Income from operations                                                          332,966     154,216


Other income (expenses)
  Foreign exchange gain, net                                                       8,582       3,403
  Interest and other income                                                        6,413       9,825
  Finance costs                                                          8       (36,313)    (42,014)


                                                                                 (21,318)    (28,786)


Profit before income tax                                                        311,648     125,430
Income tax expense                                                       9      (42,973)    (11,492)


Profit for the year                                                     10      268,675     113,938


Other comprehensive income for the year
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
   Fair value gain on equity instruments at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                                               20         8,026       3,530
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange difference arising on translation of foreign operations                9,583     27,689


                                                                                 17,609      31,219
Total comprehensive income for the year                                         286,284     145,157




70      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




                                                              2021               2020
                                           NOTE             US$’000            US$’000


Profit for the year attributable to:
  Non-controlling interests                                   1,314              1,976
  Owners of the Company                                     267,361            111,962


                                                            268,675            113,938


Total comprehensive income for the year
  attributable to:
  Non-controlling interests                                   1,314              1,972
  Owners of the Company                                     284,970            143,185


                                                            286,284            145,157


Earnings per share – Basic (US cents)       13                 67.44               28.24


Weighted average number of common shares
 – Basic                                    13          396,413,753        396,413,753




                                                              Annual Report 2021     71
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AT DECEMBER 31, 2021




                                                                          2021        2020
                                                               NOTES    US$’000     US$’000


Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                       14      208,128     243,288
Restricted bank balances                                        14        6,403       5,069
Trade, bills and other receivables                              15       25,912      35,760
Prepaid expenses and deposits                                   17        1,337       3,309
Inventories                                                     18      299,645     297,694


                                                                        541,425     585,120


Non-current assets
Prepaid expenses and deposits                                   17        1,175       2,575
Right-of-use assets                                             19       25,549      14,244
Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
  income                                                        20        28,958      20,824
Property, plant and equipment                                   21     1,803,982   1,808,961
Mining rights                                                   22       831,556     867,259
Deferred tax assets                                              9         4,753       4,463
Other non-current assets                                        23        19,645      19,196


                                                                       2,715,618   2,737,522


Total assets                                                           3,257,043   3,322,642


Current liabilities
Accounts and other payables and accrued expenses                24      221,954     280,592
Contract liabilities                                            25       10,265       2,878
Borrowings                                                      26       97,606     140,303
Lease liabilities                                               28          533          95
Tax liabilities                                                          13,317      18,905


                                                                        343,675     442,773


Net current assets                                                      197,750     142,347


Total assets less current liabilities                                  2,913,368   2,879,869




72      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                 AT DECEMBER 31, 2021




                                                                                             2021                 2020
                                                                      NOTES                US$’000              US$’000


Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                                               26                872,953            1,054,094
Lease liabilities                                                        28                  2,178                  352
Deferred tax liabilities                                                  9                118,591              111,306
Deferred income                                                          29                  1,142                2,333
Entrusted loan payable                                                   27                      –               30,652
Environmental rehabilitation                                             30                 85,112               85,663


                                                                                         1,079,976            1,284,400


Total liabilities                                                                        1,423,651            1,727,173


Owners’ equity
Share capital                                                            31              1,229,061            1,229,061
Reserves                                                                                   104,691               53,918
Retained profits                                                                           482,170              295,543


                                                                                         1,815,922            1,578,522
Non-controlling interests                                                                   17,470               16,947


Total owners’ equity                                                                     1,833,392            1,595,469


Total liabilities and owners’ equity                                                     3,257,043            3,322,642


The consolidated financial statements on pages 70 to 155 were approved and authorized for issue by the Board of Directors
on March 30, 2022 and are signed on its behalf by:




                        Liangyou Jiang                                             Yingbin Ian He
                           Director                                                   Director




                                                                                             Annual Report 2021      73
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




                                                                                             Attributable to the owners of the Company
                                                                                            Investments                                                                     Non-        Total
                                                           Number       Share      Equity    revaluation      Exchange         Statutory     Retained                 controlling     owners’
                                                         of shares     capital    reserve        reserve        reserve        reserves        profits    Subtotal      interests      equity
                                                                      US$’000    US$’000       US$’000        US$’000          US$’000       US$’000      US$’000       US$’000      US$’000
                                                                                                                                 (Note)

At January 1, 2020                                    396,413,753    1,229,061    11,179         (3,525)       (20,333)         19,470       199,485     1,435,337       15,330     1,450,667


Profit for the year                                             –            –         –              –               –                  –   111,962      111,962         1,976      113,938
Fair value gain on equity instruments at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                            –            –         –         3,530               –                   –          –       3,530              –       3,530
Exchange difference arising on translation                      –            –         –             –          27,693                   –          –      27,693             (4)     27,689


Total comprehensive income for the year                         –            –         –         3,530          27,693                   –   111,962      143,185         1,972      145,157
Transfer to statutory reserve
  – appropriation from retained profits                         –            –         –              –               –         14,519       (14,519)            –             –            –
Transfer to
  – safety production fund                                      –            –         –              –               –           1,385        (1,385)           –             –           –
Dividend paid to a non-controlling shareholder                  –            –         –              –               –               –             –            –          (355)       (355)


At December 31, 2020                                  396,413,753    1,229,061    11,179              5          7,360          35,374       295,543     1,578,522       16,947     1,595,469


Profit for the year                                             –            –         –              –               –                  –   267,361      267,361         1,314      268,675
Fair value gain on equity instruments at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                            –            –         –         8,026               –                   –          –       8,026              –       8,026
Exchange difference arising on translation                      –            –         –             –           9,583                   –          –       9,583              –       9,583


Total comprehensive income for the year                         –            –         –         8,026           9,583                   –   267,361      284,970         1,314      286,284
Transfer to statutory reserve
  – appropriation from retained profits                         –            –         –              –               –         28,545       (28,545)            –             –            –
Transfer to reserve fund
  – appropriation from retained profits                         –            –         –              –               –           4,247        (4,247)           –             –            –
Transfer to
  – safety production fund                                      –            –         –              –               –             372         (372)            –             –            –
Dividends distribution (note 12)                                –            –         –              –               –               –      (47,570)      (47,570)            –      (47,570)
Dividend paid to a non-controlling shareholder                  –            –         –              –               –               –            –             –          (791)        (791)


At December 31, 2021                                  396,413,753    1,229,061    11,179         8,031          16,943          68,538       482,170     1,815,922       17,470     1,833,392


Note: Statutory reserves which consist of (1) appropriations from the profit after taxation of the subsidiaries established in the People’s Republic
          of China (“PRC”) and (2) provision of safety production fund of the subsidiaries engaged in the exploration and development in the mining
          industry, form part of the equity of PRC subsidiaries. In accordance with the PRC Company Law and the Articles of Association of the PRC
          subsidiaries, the PRC subsidiaries are required to appropriate an amount equal to a minimum of 10% of their profits after taxation each year
          to a statutory reserve or reserve fund until the reserve reaches 50% of the registered capital of the respective subsidiaries. In accordance
          with the ‘implementation of entities’ safety production funds management’ of Caiqi (2012) No.16 issued by Ministry of Finance of the PRC
          Company Law and the Articles of Association of the PRC subsidiaries, the PRC subsidiaries are required to appropriate an amount, equal
          to RMB5 per ton multiplied by the volume of ore mined less actual payment, each year to a statutory reserve and utilise an amount when
          the actual payment is more than RMB5 per ton multiplied by the volume of ore mined.



74            China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




                                                                                        2021               2020
                                                                                      US$’000            US$’000


Operating activities
Profit before income tax                                                              311,648            125,430
Items not requiring use of cash and cash equivalents:
   Amortisation of mining rights                                                       37,365             38,021
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                      137,794            148,672
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                    643                492
   Interest income                                                                     (3,662)            (3,889)
   Dividend income                                                                     (1,010)              (545)
   Finance costs                                                                       36,313             42,014
   Allowance for credit losses of trade, bills and other receivables, net                  44                 37
   Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                      168                 10
   Release of deferred income                                                          (1,196)              (772)
   Unrealised foreign exchange gains, net                                             (11,868)            (6,337)


                                                                                      506,239            343,133
Change in operating working capital items:
  Trade, bills and other receivables                                                    (4,584)          (11,504)
  Prepaid expenses and deposits                                                          2,125             3,239
  Inventories                                                                             (631)          (14,931)
  Contract liabilities                                                                   7,496            (4,461)
  Accounts and other payables and accrued expenses                                     (19,803)            2,209


Cash generated from operations                                                        490,842            317,685
Environmental rehabilitation expense paid                                              (1,048)               (60)
Interest paid                                                                         (30,875)           (37,886)
Income taxes paid                                                                     (41,644)           (19,283)


Net cash from operating activities                                                    417,275            260,456




                                                                                        Annual Report 2021   75
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




                                                                                   2021        2020
                                                                                 US$’000     US$’000


Investing activities
Interest received                                                                   3,662       3,889
Dividend received                                                                   1,010         545
Payment for acquisition of mining rights                                           (1,142)     (1,207)
Payment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                         (143,647)   (150,183)
Payment for right-of-use assets                                                    (9,290)          –
Payment for capital injection of equity investment at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                                                (88)       (184)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                 –          10
Placement of restricted bank balances                                             (25,209)   (101,132)
Release of restricted bank balances                                                23,993     114,973
Receipt of government grant                                                             –          79


Net cash used in investing activities                                            (150,711)   (133,210)


Financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                –     600,195
Repayments of borrowings                                                         (228,003)   (671,374)
Repayment of entrusted loan                                                       (30,592)          –
Dividend paid to a non-controlling shareholder (note 38)                             (413)       (355)
Dividends paid to shareholders                                                    (48,416)          –
Repayments of lease liabilities                                                      (119)       (102)


Net cash used in financing activities                                            (307,543)    (71,636)


Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                             (40,979)     55,610
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                     243,288     182,290
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents               5,819       5,388


Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                           208,128     243,288




76     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




1.   GENERAL
     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. (the “Company”) is a publicly listed company incorporated in British
     Columbia, Canada on May 31, 2000 with limited liability under the legislation of the Province of British Columbia
     and its shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
     Exchange”). The Company together with its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) is principally
     engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and mining of mineral resources in the PRC. Particulars of the
     subsidiaries of the Company are set out in note 39. The Group considers that China National Gold Group Co., Ltd.
     (formerly known as China National Gold Group Corporation) (“CNG”), a state owned company registered in Beijing,
     the PRC which is controlled by State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council
     of the PRC, is able to exercise significant influence over the Company.

     The head office, principal address and registered and records office of the Company are located at Suite 660, One
     Bentall Centre, 505 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V7X 1M4.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in United States Dollars (“US$”) which is also the functional
     currency of the Company.

2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
     (“IFRSs”)
     Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by International Accounting
     Standards Board (“IASB”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or
     after January 1, 2021 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

     Amendment to IFRS 16                         Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions
     Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7,        Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2
      IFRS 4 and IFRS 16

     In addition, the Group applied the agenda decision of the IFRS Interpretations Committee of the IASB issued in
     June 2021 which clarified the costs an entity should include as “estimated costs necessary to make the sale” when
     determining the net realisable value of inventories and has early applied the Amendment to IFRS 16 Covid-19-Related
     Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021.

     The application of the amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had no material impact on the Group’s financial
     positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated
     financial statements.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2021      77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
     (“IFRSs”) (Cont’d)
     New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but are not
     yet effective:

     IFRS 17                                                      Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments1
     Amendments to IFRS 3                                         Reference to the Conceptual Framework2
     Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                             Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                                    Associate or Joint Venture3
     Amendments to IAS 1                                          Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current1
     Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice                        Disclosure of Accounting Policies1
      Statement 2
     Amendments to IAS 8                                          Definition of Accounting Estimates1
     Amendments to IAS 12                                         Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                                    Single Transaction1
     Amendments to IAS 16                                         Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use2
     Amendments to IAS 37                                         Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract2
     Amendments to IFRSs                                          Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018 – 20202

     1
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023
     2
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022
     3
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined



     Except for the amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application
     of all other new and amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in
     the foreseeable future.




78       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
     (“IFRSs”) (Cont’d)
     New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective (Cont’d)
     Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
     The amendments provide clarification and additional guidance on the assessment of a right to defer settlement for
     at least twelve months from the reporting date for classification of liabilities as current or non-current, which:

     •    specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current should be based on rights that are in
          existence at the end of the reporting period. Specifically, the amendments clarify that:

          (i)    the classification should not be affected by management intentions or expectations to settle the liability
                 within 12 months; and

          (ii)   if the right is conditional on the compliance with covenants, the right exists if the conditions are met at
                 the end of the reporting period, even if the lender does not test compliance until a later date; and

     •    clarify that if a liability has terms that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by the
          transfer of the entity’s own equity instruments, these terms do not affect its classification as current or non-
          current only if the entity recognises the option separately as an equity instrument applying IAS 32 Financial
          Instruments: Presentation.

     Based on the Group’s outstanding liabilities as at December 31, 2021, the application of the amendments will not
     result in reclassification of the Group’s liabilities.

     Amendments to IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment – Proceeds before Intended Use
     The amendments specify that the costs of any item that were produced while bringing an item of property, plant
     and equipment to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended
     by management (such as samples produced when testing whether the relevant property, plant and equipment is
     functioning properly) and the proceeds from selling such items should be recognised and measured in the profit or loss
     in accordance with applicable standards. The cost of the items are measured in accordance with IAS 2 Inventories.

     The Group’s existing accounting policy is to account for sale proceeds on samples produced during testing as reduction
     of cost of the relevant property, plant and equipment. Upon application of the amendments, such sale proceeds and
     the related costs will be included in profit and loss with corresponding adjustments to the cost of property, plant
     and equipment. For the year ended December 31, 2021, no such sale was recognised in the consolidated financial
     statements.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021       79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB. For the
     purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information
     is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements
     include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange
     (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (“CO”).

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial
     instruments, which are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting
     policies set out below.

     Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
     between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
     estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes
     into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into
     account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure
     purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment
     transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in
     accordance with IFRS 16 Leases (“IFRS 16”), and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not
     fair value, such as net realizable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use (“VIU”) in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

     In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on
     the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to
     the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

     •      Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity
            can access at the measurement date;

     •      Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset
            or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

     •      Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




80       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies
     Basis of consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled
     by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

     •    has power over the investee;

     •    is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

     •    has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes
     to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

     Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group
     loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the
     year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the
     Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

     Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the
     non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and
     to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies
     in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

     All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members
     of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which represent
     present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries
     upon liquidation.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2021       81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Revenue from contracts with customers
     The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods
     or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

     A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series
     of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
     satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

     •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
            Group performs;

     •      the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

     •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
            enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.

     A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
     transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with IFRS 9
     Financial Instruments (“IFRS 9”). In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration,
     i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

     A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group
     has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

     A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a net basis.

     For contracts where the period between payment and transfer of the associated goods or services is less than one
     year, the Group applies the practical expedient for not adjusting the transaction price for any significant financing
     component.

     Revenue is recognised at a point in time when control of the gold doré bars, copper and other by-products is passed
     to customers, i.e. when the products are delivered and titles have passed to customers.




82       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Leases
     Definition of a lease
     A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
     period of time in exchange for consideration.

     For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of IFRS 16 or arising from business
     combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16
     at inception or modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the
     terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

     The Group as a lessee
     Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
     For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the
     Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone
     price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

     The Group also applies the practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component, and
     instead account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component.

     Right-of-use assets
     The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

     •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

     •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

     •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

     •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring
           the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
           conditions of the lease.

     Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted
     for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

     Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at
     the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-
     of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

     The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2021       83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Leases (Cont’d)
     The Group as a lessee (Cont’d)
     Refundable rental deposits
     Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair
     value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

     Lease liabilities
     At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value of
     lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the
     incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily
     determinable.

     The lease payments include:

     •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;

     •      variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
            commencement date;

     •      amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;

     •      the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the option; and

     •      payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an option to
            terminate the lease.

     After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments. The Group
     remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets) whenever:

     •      the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in which
            case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount
            rate at the date of reassessment.

     •      the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review in which cases
            the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount
            rate.

     The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.




84       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Leases (Cont’d)
     The Group as a lessee (Cont’d)
     Lease modifications
     The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

     •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets;
           and

     •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the
           increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of
           the particular contract.

     For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability,
     less any lease incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease
     payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

     The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the relevant
     right-of-use asset. When the modified contract contains one or more additional lease components, the Group allocates
     the consideration in the modified contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price
     of the lease component. The associated non-lease components are included in the respective lease components.

     Foreign currencies
     In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the functional
     currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the
     transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at
     the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies
     are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are
     measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

     Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are
     recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

     For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s operations
     are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. US$) using exchange rates prevailing at the end
     of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period.
     Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under
     the heading of exchange reserve (attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021        85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Borrowing costs
     Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are
     assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the
     cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale, which includes
     completion of all necessary activities to bring the assets to readiness of fulfilling relevant regulatory requirements and
     obtaining relevant regulatory consent.

     Any specific borrowing that remains outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or sale is included
     in the general borrowing pool for calculation of a capitalisation rate on general borrowings. Investment income earned
     on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from
     the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation. All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period
     in which they are incurred.

     Taxation
     Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

     The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit before income
     tax because of income or expense that is taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or
     deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively
     enacted by the end of the reporting period.

     Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
     the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
     Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally
     recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available
     against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not
     recognised if the temporary differences arise from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of
     assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor accounting profit.

     Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
     except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary
     difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences
     associated with such investments are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient
     taxable profits against which to utilize the benefits of the temporary difference and they are expected to reverse in
     the foreseeable future.

     The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced to the extent that
     it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.




86     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Taxation (Cont’d)
     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the
     liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
     enacted by the end of the reporting period.

     The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
     manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of
     its assets and liabilities.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
     against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same
     taxation authority.

     Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss.

     Government grants
     Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the
     conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

     Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group
     recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically, government
     grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets
     are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss
     on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

     Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred
     or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised
     in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under “other income”.

     Retirement benefit costs
     Payments to state-managed retirement benefit scheme are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered
     service entitling them to the contributions.

     Short-term employee benefits
     Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as
     and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless
     another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

     A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and annual leave) after
     deducting any amount already paid.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2021       87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Inventories
     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Costs of inventories are determined using the
     weighted average cost method. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business
     less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make
     the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must
     incur to make the sale.

     Gold in process inventory
     Gold in process inventory consists of gold contained in the ore on leach pads and in-circuit material within processing
     operations. Gold doré bar is gold awaiting refinement and gold refined and ready for sales.

     Production costs are capitalised and included in gold in process inventory based on the current mining and processing
     cost incurred up to the point prior to the refining process including the cost of raw materials and direct labour;
     mine-site overhead expenses; stripping costs; and allocated indirect costs, including depreciation and depletion of
     mining interests.

     Gold doré bars inventory
     The recovery of gold from ore is achieved through a heap leaching process. Under this method, ore is placed on
     leach pads where it is treated with a chemical solution which dissolves the gold contained in the ore. The resulting
     “pregnant” solution is further processed in a plant where the gold is recovered. Costs are subsequently recycled
     from ore on leach pads as ounces of gold are recovered based on the average cost per recoverable ounce on the
     leach pad. Estimates of recoverable gold on the leach pads are calculated from the quantities of ore placed on the
     leach pads (measured in tonnes added to the leach pads), the grade of the ore placed on the leach pads (based
     on assay data), and a recovery percentage (based on ore type).

     Others
     Copper inventory is copper and other by-products after metallurgical processing and ready for sales. Consumables
     used in operations, such as fuel, chemicals, and reagents and spare parts inventory are valued at the lower of cost
     or net realizable value.

     Provisions
     Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event,
     it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the
     amount of the obligation.

     The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation
     at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When
     a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the
     present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).




88     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Environmental rehabilitation
     An obligation to incur restoration, rehabilitation and environmental costs arises when environmental disturbance is
     caused by the development or ongoing production of a mining property. Such costs arising from the decommissioning
     of plant and other site preparation work, discounted to their net present value, are provided for and capitalised as
     part of the related property, plant and equipment at the start of each project, as soon as the obligation to incur such
     costs arises. These costs are recognised in profit or loss over the life of the operation, through depreciation of the
     asset. Costs for restoration of subsequent site damage which is created on an ongoing basis during production are
     recognised in profit or loss.

     Changes in the measurement of a liability relating to the decommissioning of plant or other site preparation work
     that result from changes in the estimated timing or amount of the cash flow, including the effects of inflation and
     movements in foreign exchange rates, revisions to estimated reserves, resources and lives of operations, or a change
     in the discount rate, are added to, or deducted from, the cost of the related asset in the period it occurred. The
     periodic unwinding of discount is recognised in profit or loss as a finance cost as it occurs. If a decrease in the
     liability exceeds the carrying amount of the asset, the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss. If the asset
     value is increased and there is an indication that the revised carrying value is not recoverable, an impairment test
     is performed in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy.

     Property, plant and equipment
     General
     Property, plant and equipment (other than construction in progress as described below) are stated in the consolidated
     statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation, depletion and impairment losses,
     if any.

     An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are
     expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an
     item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying
     amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

     Expenditures incurred to replace a component of an item of property, plant and equipment that is accounted for
     separately, including major inspection and overhaul expenditures, are capitalised and the carrying amount of the
     component being replaced is derecognised. Directly attributable costs incurred for major capital projects and site
     preparation are capitalised until the asset is brought to a working condition for its intended use. These costs include
     dismantling and site restoration costs to the extent these are recognised as a provision.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2021       89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Property, plant and equipment (Cont’d)
     Ownership interests in leasehold land and building
     When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which include both leasehold land and building
     elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in proportion
     to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made
     reliably, interest in leasehold land is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of financial
     position. When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably between the non-lease building element and the
     undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire property is classified as property, plant and equipment.

     The management of the Group (the “Management”) reviews the estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation
     methods of the Group’s property, plant and equipment at the end of each reporting period and when events and
     circumstances indicate that such a review should be made. Changes to estimated useful lives, residual values or
     depreciation methods resulting from such review are accounted for prospectively.

     All direct costs related to the acquisition of mineral assets are capitalised, at their cost at the date of acquisition.

     Construction in progress
     Assets under construction are capitalised as construction in progress until the asset is available for use. The cost of
     construction in progress is comprised of the purchase price of crushers, and machinery and equipment, any costs
     directly attributable to the construction to bring it into working condition for its intended use and for qualifying assets,
     borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Construction in progress amounts
     related to development projects are included in the carrying amount of the construction in progress.

     The Company uses the following factors to assess whether the criteria of construction completion and ready for
     intended use have been met such that construction in progress is classified to the appropriate category of property,
     plant and equipment: (1) the completion of the construction as planned; and (2) the completion of testing of mine
     plant and equipment which demonstrates their ability to sustain ongoing production of minerals, and ability to produce
     minerals in saleable form (within specifications).




90     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Property, plant and equipment (Cont’d)
     Exploration and evaluation expenditure
     Drilling and related costs incurred on sites without an existing mine and on areas outside the boundary of a known
     mineral deposit which contains proven and probable reserves are exploration and evaluation expenditure and are
     expensed as incurred up to the date on which costs incurred are economically recoverable. Further exploration and
     evaluation expenditures, subsequent to the establishment of economic recoverability, are capitalised and included
     in the carrying amount of the mineral assets.

     The Management evaluates the following criteria in its assessment of economic recoverability and probability of
     future economic benefit:

     •    Geology – whether or not there is sufficient geologic and economic certainty of being able to convert a residual
          mineral deposit into a proven and probable reserve at a development stage or production stage mine, based
          on the known geology and metallurgy. A history of conversion of resources to reserves at operating mines is
          used to support the likelihood of conversion.

     •    Scoping – there is a scoping study or preliminary feasibility study that demonstrates the additional resources
          will generate a positive commercial outcome. Known metallurgy provides a basis for concluding there is a
          significant likelihood of being able to recoup the incremental costs of extraction and production.

     •    Accessible facilities – mining property can be processed economically at accessible mining and processing
          facilities where applicable.

     •    Life of mine plans – an overall life of mine plan and economic model to support the mine and the economic
          extraction of resources/reserves exists. A long-term life of mine plan, and supporting geological model identifies
          the drilling and related development work required to expand or further define the existing orebody.

     •    Authorizations – operating permits and feasible environmental programs exist or are obtainable.

     Therefore prior to capitalising exploration drilling and related costs, the Management determines that the following
     conditions have been met that will contribute to future cash flows:

     •    There is a probable future benefit that will contribute to future cash inflows;

     •    The Group can obtain the benefit and controls access to it;

     •    The transaction or event giving rise to the future benefit has already occurred; and

     •    Costs incurred can be measured reliably.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2021       91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Property, plant and equipment (Cont’d)
     Development expenditure
     Drilling and related costs incurred to define and delineate a mineral deposit are capitalised as part of mineral assets
     in the period incurred, when the Management determines that there is sufficient evidence that the expenditure will
     result in a probable future economic benefit to the Group.

     Production expenditure
     A mine that is under construction is determined to enter the production stage when the project is in the position
     and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by the Management. Therefore,
     such costs incurred are capitalised as part of the mineral assets and the proceeds from sales prior to commercial
     production (if any) are offset against costs capitalised.

     Mine development costs incurred to maintain current production are included in cost of inventories. For those areas
     being developed which will be mined in future periods, the costs incurred are capitalised and depleted when the
     related mining area is mined.

     Depreciation
     Mineral assets are depreciated using the unit-of-production method based on the actual production volume over the
     estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves at the related mine when the mine is
     capable of operating as intended by the Management.

     The Management reviews the estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves at the end
     of each reporting period and when events and circumstances indicate that such a review should be made. Changes
     to estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves are accounted for prospectively.

     Assets under construction are not depreciated until they are substantially complete and available for their intended use.

     Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets.




92     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Mining rights
     Mining rights are amortised using the unit-of-production method based on the actual production volume over the
     estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves at the related mine.

     Mining rights acquired in a business combination
     Mining rights acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially recognised
     at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

     Subsequent to initial recognition, mining rights with finite useful lives are carried at costs less accumulated amortisation
     and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is provided using the unit-of-production method based on the
     actual production volume over the estimated total proven and probable reserves of the ore mines.

     Other non-current assets
     The right to receive a block of buildings and twenty car parks included under “other non-current assets” is carried
     at cost less accumulated impairment if any.

     Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, mining rights and other non-current assets
     At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and equipment,
     right-of-use assets, mining rights and other non-current assets to determine whether there is any indication that
     those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant
     asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any.

     The recoverable amounts of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, mining rights and other non-current
     assets are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the
     Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. In testing a cash-
     generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-generating unit when a reasonable
     and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash
     generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount
     is determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs,
     and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

     Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and VIU. In assessing VIU, the estimated future
     cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
     of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of
     future cash flows have not been adjusted.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021        93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, mining rights and other non-current assets (Cont’d)
     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount,
     the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate
     assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-
     generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying
     amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with
     the recoverable amount of the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment
     loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on
     a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The
     carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable),
     its VIU (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to
     the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment
     loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit or
     a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the
     increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment
     loss been recognised for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A
     reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

     Research and development expenses
     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

     An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of an
     internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

     •      the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

     •      the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

     •      the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

     •      how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

     •      the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use
            or sell the intangible asset; and

     •      the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.




94       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Research and development expenses (Cont’d)
     The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred from
     the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-generated
     intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which
     it is incurred.

     Financial instruments
     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
     provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised
     on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery
     of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from
     contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
     Customers (“IFRS 15”). Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and
     financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are
     added to or deducted from the fair value of financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.

     The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability
     and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate
     that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received
     that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through
     the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying
     amount on initial recognition.

     Financial assets
     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

     •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and

     •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
           on the principal amount outstanding.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021         95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets (Cont’d)
     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Cont’d)
     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive
     income (“FVTOCI”):

     •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and collecting
            contractual cash flows; and

     •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
            on the principal amount outstanding.

     All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a financial
     asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other
     comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised
     by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

     In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that is required to be measured at the amortised
     cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

     (i)    Amortised cost and interest income

            Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently
            at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
            amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see
            below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by
            applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period.
            If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer
            credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
            amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the
            asset is no longer credit-impaired.




96       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets (Cont’d)
     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Cont’d)
     (ii)   Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

            Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses
            arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the investments
            revaluation reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be
            reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to retained profits.

            Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right
            to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of
            the investment. Dividends are included in the “Interest and other income” line item in profit or loss.

     Impairment of financial assets
     The Group performs impairment assessments using expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets (including
     trade receivables, bills receivables, other receivables, amounts due from related companies, cash and cash equivalents
     and restricted bank balances) which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is
     updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

     Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant
     instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result
     from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessments are done based on
     the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic
     conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future
     conditions.

     The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables which are assessed individually.

     For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has been a significant
     increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment
     of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default
     occurring since initial recognition.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021       97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets (Cont’d)
     Impairment of financial assets (Cont’d)
     (i)   Significant increase in credit risk

           In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares
           the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
           occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group
           considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical
           experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

           In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased
           significantly:

           •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or internal
                 credit rating;

           •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit
                 spread or the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

           •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to
                 cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

           •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

           •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment
                 of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

           Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased
           significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the
           Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

           The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant
           increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying
           significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.




98     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets (Cont’d)
     Impairment of financial assets (Cont’d)
     (ii)    Definition of default

             For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed
             internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including
             the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

             Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than
             90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more
             lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

     (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

             A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
             future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit- impaired
             includes observable data about the following events:

             (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

             (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

             (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
                   difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;
                   or

             (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation.

     (iv)    Write-off policy

             The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe
             financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been
             placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables,
             when the amounts are over two years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still
             be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice
             where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in
             profit or loss.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021       99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
      ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
      Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
      Financial instruments (Cont’d)
      Financial assets (Cont’d)
      Impairment of financial assets (Cont’d)
      (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL

            The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the
            loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given
            default is based on historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and
            probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

            Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance
            with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate
            determined at initial recognition.

            Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset
            is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

            The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their
            carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables where the corresponding adjustment is recognised
            through a loss allowance account.

      Derecognition of financial assets
      The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or
      when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another
      entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues
      to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for
      amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred
      financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing
      for the proceeds received.

      On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount
      and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

      On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to measure
      at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve is not reclassified
      to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained profits.




100     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial liabilities and equity instruments
     Classification as debt or equity
     Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in
     accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an
     equity instrument.

     Equity instruments
     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all
     of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct
     issue costs.

     Financial liabilities at amortised cost
     Financial liabilities including borrowings, entrusted loan payable, accounts and other payables are initially measured
     at fair value, net of transaction costs, and are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
     method.
     Derecognition/modification of financial liabilities
     The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or
     have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration
     paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

     When the contractual terms of a financial liability are modified, the Group assesses whether the revised terms
     result in a substantial modification from the original terms taking into account all relevant facts and circumstances
     including qualitative factors. If the qualitative assessment is not conclusive, the Group considers that the terms are
     substantially different if the discounted present value of the cash flows under the new terms, including any fees paid
     net of any fees received, and discounted using the original effective interest rate, is at least 10 per cent different
     from the discounted present value of the remaining cash flows of the original financial liability. Accordingly, such
     modification of terms is accounted for as an extinguishment, any costs or fees incurred are recognised as part of
     the gain or loss on the extinguishment. The exchange or modification is considered as non-substantial modification
     when such difference is less than 10 per cent.

     For non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities that do not result in derecognition, the carrying amount of the
     relevant financial liabilities will be calculated at the present value of the modified contractual cash flows discounted at
     the financial liabilities’ original effective interest rate. Transaction costs or fees incurred are adjusted to the carrying
     amount of the modified financial liabilities and are amortised over the remaining term. Any adjustment to the carrying
     amount of the financial liability is recognised in profit or loss at the date of modification.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021       101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




4.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
      In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the Company
      are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
      that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
      experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
      are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period
      of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

      The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the
      end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
      of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

      (a)   Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights
            While assessing whether any indications of impairment exist for property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
            assets and mining rights, consideration is given to both external and internal sources of information. The
            Management consideration includes changes in the market, economic and legal environment in which the
            Group operates that are not within its control and affect the recoverable amounts of the property, plant and
            equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights. The carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment,
            right-of-use assets and mining rights are reviewed for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 Impairment of
            Assets whenever certain events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
            recoverable. As at December 31, 2021, the market capitalisation of the Company was below the carrying value
            of its net assets of approximately US$1,833 million (2020: US$1,595 million). This may be an indicator that
            the carrying amounts of the Group’s property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights are
            impaired. The Group’s two cash-generating units (“CGUs”) for impairment assessment of the related property,
            plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights are two significant mine sites which are producing
            gold and copper concentrate.

            When an impairment review is undertaken, recoverable amount is assessed by reference to the higher of 1) VIU
            and 2) fair value less costs of disposal. In determining the recoverable amounts of the Group’s property, plant
            and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights, the Group estimates the recoverable amount based on
            VIU and makes estimates of the discounted future pre-tax cash flows expected to be derived from the Group’s
            CGUs and the appropriate discount rates. The key assumptions used in estimating the projected cash flows
            are future metal selling prices, recoverable reserves, resources, production costs estimates, future operating
            costs and discount rates.

            Reductions in metal price forecasts, increases in estimated future costs of production, increases in estimated
            future operating costs, reductions in the amount of recoverable reserves, resources, and/or change in economic
            conditions can result in a write-down of the carrying amounts of the Group’s property, plant and equipment,
            right-of-use assets and mining rights.




102     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Cont’d)
     (a)   Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights (Cont’d)
           The Group uses its internal experts to perform the valuation for the purpose of the impairment assessment with
           assistance from third party qualified valuers. The Management works closely with internal experts and qualified
           external valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model to estimate the VIU
           for the property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights.

           The carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights as at December
           31, 2021 and 2020 are disclosed in notes 21, 19 and 22, respectively.

           During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, no impairment loss was recognised for the property,
           plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights in the Group’s gold producing mine and copper
           producing mine as the recoverable amounts were higher than their respective carrying amounts.

     (b) Inventories
           The Group records the cost of gold mining ore placed on its leach pads and in process at its mine as gold in
           process inventory, and values gold in process inventory at the lower of cost and estimated net realizable value.
           The assumptions used in the valuation of gold in process inventories include estimates of gold contained in
           the ore placed on leach pads, assumptions of the amount of gold that is expected to be recovered from the
           ore placed on leach pads, the amount of gold in the processing plant and an assumption of the gold price
           expected to be realised when the gold is recovered. If these estimates or assumptions are proven inaccurate,
           the Group could be required to write down the recorded value of its gold in process inventories. During the
           year, there is no change in the relevant estimation.

           Although the quantities of recoverable gold placed on the leach pad and the processing plant are reconciled
           by comparing the grades of ore placed on the leach pad to the quantities actually recovered, the nature of the
           leaching process inherently limits the ability to precisely monitor inventory levels. The actual recovery of gold
           from the leach pad is not known until the leaching process has concluded at the end of the mine life.

           The Management periodically reassesses the assumptions used in the valuation of gold in process and the
           costing of production of gold doré bars, particularly the assumptions of the amount of gold that is expected
           to be recovered from the ore placed on leach pads (the “Estimated Recovery Rate”). As a result of such
           reassessments, an increase/decrease in the Estimated Recovery Rate would lead to a decrease/increase in
           the average production cost of gold doré bars. During the year, there is no change in the relevant estimation.

           The carrying amounts of gold in process and gold doré bars as at December 31, 2021 and 2020 are disclosed
           in note 18.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2021      103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      Revenue
      (i)    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
             The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue from its major products and services:

                                                                                                 2021                  2020
                                                                                               US$’000               US$’000
             At a point in time
             Gold doré bars                                                                    266,187               260,074
             Copper                                                                            561,593               291,182
             Other by-products                                                                 309,576               312,776


             Total revenue                                                                   1,137,356               864,032


      (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers
             The Group sells gold doré bars, copper and other by-products directly to customers. Revenue is recognised
             at a point in time when control of the gold doré bars, copper and other by-products is passed to customers,
             i.e. when the products are delivered and titles have passed to customers. A contract liability represents the
             Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration
             (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

             All sales of gold doré bars, copper and other by-products are for periods of one year or less. As permitted under
             IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

      Segment information
      IFRS 8 Operating Segment requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of internal reports that are
      regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”) to allocate resources to the segments and to
      assess their performance.

      The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has
      been defined as the executive directors of the Company. The CODM has identified two operating and reportable
      segments as follows:

      (i)    The mine-produced gold segment – the production of gold doré bars through the Group’s integrated processes,
             i.e., mining, metallurgical processing, production and selling of gold doré bars to external clients.

      (ii)   The mine-produced copper concentrate segment – the production of copper concentrate including other by-
             products through the Group’s integrated processes, i.e., mining, metallurgical processing, production and selling
             copper concentrate including other by-products to external clients.




104      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Segment information (Cont’d)
     Information regarding the above segments is reported below.

     (a)   Segment revenue and results
           The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and reportable segment:

           For the year ended December 31, 2021

                                                                   Mine –
                                                    Mine –       produced
                                                  produced         copper        Segment
                                                      gold     concentrate          total    Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                  US$’000         US$’000        US$’000       US$’000         US$’000


           Revenue – external and segment
             revenue                               266,187        871,169      1,137,356               –      1,137,356
           Cost of sales                          (227,736)      (505,475)      (733,211)              –       (733,211)


           Mining operating earnings               38,451          365,694       404,145               –          404,145


           Income (loss) from operations           37,733          299,997       337,730          (4,764)         332,966
           Foreign exchange (loss) gain, net       (3,852)          13,465         9,613          (1,031)           8,582
           Interest and other income                1,598            3,548         5,146           1,267            6,413
           Finance costs                           (3,447)         (23,079)      (26,526)         (9,787)         (36,313)


           Profit (loss) before income tax         32,032          293,931       325,963        (14,315)          311,648




                                                                                            Annual Report 2021       105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
      Segment information (Cont’d)
      (a)   Segment revenue and results (Cont’d)
            For the year ended December 31, 2020

                                                                      Mine –
                                                     Mine –         produced
                                                   produced           copper        Segment
                                                        gold      concentrate          total     Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                    US$’000          US$’000        US$’000        US$’000         US$’000


            Revenue – external and segment
              revenue                               260,074          603,958        864,032                –        864,032
            Cost of sales                          (208,152)        (446,026)      (654,178)               –       (654,178)


            Mining operating earnings                   51,922       157,932        209,854                –        209,854


            Income (loss) from operations               51,444       107,953        159,397           (5,181)       154,216
            Foreign exchange (loss) gain, net           (5,028)        8,857          3,829             (426)         3,403
            Interest and other income                    1,305         7,838          9,143              682          9,825
            Finance costs                               (4,282)      (23,357)       (27,639)         (14,375)       (42,014)


            Profit (loss) before income tax             43,439       101,291        144,730          (19,300)       125,430

            The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies described
            in note 3. Segment results represent profit (loss) before income tax without allocation of certain general and
            administrative expenses, foreign exchange gain (loss), interest and other income and finance costs, attributable
            to the respective segment. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation
            and performance assessment.

            There are no inter-segment sales for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.




106     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Segment information (Cont’d)
     (b)   Segment assets and liabilities
           The following is an analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by segment representing assets/liabilities directly
           attributable to the respective segment:

                                                                       Mine –
                                                       Mine –        produced
                                                     produced          copper          Segment
                                                         gold      concentrate            total      Unallocated     Consolidated
                                                     US$’000          US$’000          US$’000         US$’000          US$’000


           As of December 31, 2021


           Total assets                              639,013        2,584,877        3,223,890           33,153        3,257,043
           Total liabilities                          84,130        1,036,957        1,121,087          302,564        1,423,651


           As of December 31, 2020


           Total assets                              678,630        2,612,039        3,290,669           31,973        3,322,642
           Total liabilities                         130,613        1,296,112        1,426,725          300,448        1,727,173

           For the purposes of monitoring segment performance and allocating resources between segments:

           •       all assets are allocated to operating segments other than certain cash and cash equivalents, other
                   receivables, prepaid expenses and deposits, right-of-use assets, property, plant and equipment and equity
                   instruments at FVTOCI; and

           •       all liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than other payables and accrued expenses, lease
                   liabilities, deferred income and certain borrowings.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021       107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
      Segment information (Cont’d)
      (c)   Other segment information (included in the measure of segment profit or loss or segment assets regularly provided
            to the CODM)
                                                                      Mine –
                                                      Mine –        produced
                                                    produced          copper         Segment
                                                        gold      concentrate           total     Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                    US$’000          US$’000         US$’000        US$’000         US$’000


            For the year ended
              December 31, 2021


            Additions of property, plant and
              equipment                                  4,280       105,481         109,761               –         109,761
            Additions of right-of-use assets            11,642             –          11,642               –          11,642
            Depreciation of property, plant and
              equipment                              (71,723)        (66,068)       (137,791)             (3)       (137,794)
            Amortisation of mining rights             (2,054)        (35,311)        (37,365)              –         (37,365)
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets         (198)           (337)           (535)           (108)           (643)


            For the year ended
              December 31, 2020


            Additions of property, plant and
              equipment                                 30,327       115,401         145,728               –         145,728
            Depreciation of property, plant and
              equipment                              (67,434)        (81,238)       (148,672)              –        (148,672)
            Amortisation of mining rights             (2,033)        (35,988)        (38,021)              –         (38,021)
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets          (79)           (317)           (396)            (96)           (492)

      (d)   Geographical information
            The Group operated in two geographical areas, Canada and the PRC. The Group’s corporate division located
            in Canada does not have any revenue and therefore is not presented as an operating segment. During the
            years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Group’s revenue was generated from gold sales and copper
            multi-products to customers in the PRC. Approximately 99% (2020: 99%) of non-current assets of the Group
            are located in the PRC.




108     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Segment information (Cont’d)
     (e)   Information about major customers
           Revenue from major customers which accounts for 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue are sales of gold
           doré bars and copper concentrate including other by-products to CNG and its subsidiaries as disclosed in note
           32 (a). In addition, revenue from third-party customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of
           the total sales of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                  Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                                December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                        2021                  2020
                                                                                                    US$’000               US$’000


           Customer A¹                                                                                198,087               171,452
           Customer B1                                                                                    N/A2               91,215

           1
                Revenue from mine-produced copper concentrate segment.
           2
                The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group.



6.   GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
                                                                                                  Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                                December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                        2021                  2020
                                                                                                    US$’000               US$’000


     Administration and office                                                                          6,902                    7,447
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                      4,566                    4,060
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                  107                       96
     Professional fees                                                                                  3,986                    3,454
     Salaries and benefits                                                                             15,219                   14,121
     Others                                                                                            13,240                    7,483


     Total general and administrative expenses                                                         44,020                   36,661




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2021     109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




7.    EXPLORATION AND EVALUATION EXPENDITURE
                                                                                           Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                         December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                 2021                  2020
                                                                                             US$’000               US$’000


      CSH Gold Mine                                                                                718                   477
      Generative exploration                                                                         –                     –


      Total explorative and evaluation expenditure                                                 718                   477


8.    FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                           Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                         December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                 2021                  2020
                                                                                             US$’000               US$’000


      Interests on borrowings                                                                   32,089                40,134
      Interests on lease liabilities                                                                31                    16
      Accretion on environmental rehabilitation (note 30)                                        5,687                 2,410


                                                                                                37,807                42,560
      Less: Amounts capitalised to property, plant and equipment                                (1,494)                 (546)


      Total finance costs                                                                       36,313                42,014


      Interest has been capitalised at a capitalisation rate representing the weighted average interest to general borrowings.

                                                                                           Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                         December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                 2021                  2020
                                                                                                   %                     %


      Capitalisation rate                                                                          2.67                  2.45




110     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




9.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE
     The Company was incorporated in Canada and is subject to Canadian federal and provincial tax requirements which
     are calculated at 27% (2020: 27%) of the estimated assessable profit for the year ended December 31, 2021. Since
     its incorporation, the Company had no assessable profit subject to Canadian federal and provincial tax requirements.
     PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) is calculated at the prevailing tax rate of 25% (2020: 25%) on the estimated taxable
     profit of the group entities located in the PRC for the year ended December 31, 2021 except as described below.

     Pursuant to the Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT” Law) effective on January 1, 2008, Inner Mongolia Pacific
     Mining Co., Ltd. (“IMP”) is a certified “High and New Technology Enterprise” which is entitled to a preferential tax
     rate of 15% for three years from the year ended December 31, 2017 and eligible for renewal every three years.
     For the year ended December 31, 2020, IMP is subject to prevailing tax rate of 25% of taxable profit after expiry of
     certificate of “High and New Technology Enterprise”. For the year ended December 31, 2021, IMP is certified as a
     “High and New Technology Enterprise”, and entitled to a preferential tax rate of 15% for three years from the year
     ended December 31, 2021, set to expire in 2023.

     Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co., Ltd. (“Huatailong”), Metrorkongka County Jiama Industry and Trade Co.,
     Ltd. (“Jiama Industry and Trade”) and Tibet Jia Ertong Minerals Exploration Co., Ltd. (“Jia Ertong”) established in
     the westward development area of the PRC were subject to preferential tax rate of 15% (2020: 15%) of taxable
     profit, except as described below.

     Pursuant to the Tibet Administration (2018) Notice on Investment Promotion (“No. 25”), effective on June 15, 2018,
     Huatailong is certified as a “High and New Technology Enterprise”, and entitled to a preferential tax rate of 9% for
     three years from the year ended December 31, 2018, set to expire in 2021. Pursuant to the Tibet Administration
     (2021) Notice on Investment Promotion (“No. 9”), effective on April 7, 2021, Huatailong is certified as a “High
     and New Technology Enterprise”, and entitled to a preferential tax rate of 9% for three years from the year ended
     December 31, 2021, set to expire in 2023.

     Pursuant to No. 25 and No.9, Jiama Industry and Trade, employs 70% or above of its employees who are Tibet
     Permanent Residents and thus is entitled to a reduced preferential tax rate of 9% for the years ended December
     31, 2021 and 2020.

     Under relevant PRC Tax Law, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by the
     PRC subsidiaries from January 1, 2008 onwards. Except the Group has recognised deferred tax of US$10,418,000
     (2020: US$3,779,000) on retained profits of the PRC subsidiary of US$102,953,000 (2020: US$35,751,000) for the
     year ended December 31, 2021, deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated financial statements
     in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated distributable profits of the other PRC subsidiaries
     amounting to approximately US$811,265,000 at December 31, 2021 (2020: US$564,895,000) as the Group is able
     to control the timing of the reversal of temporary differences and it is probable the temporary differences will not
     reverse in the foreseeable future.

     According to the requirements of the Provisional Regulations of the PRC on Land Appreciation Tax (“LAT”) (revised
     in 2011) effective from January 8, 2011, and the Detailed Implementation Rules on the Provisional Regulations of
     the PRC on LAT effective from January 27, 1995, all income from the sale or transfer of state-owned land use rights,
     buildings and their attached facilities in the PRC is subject to LAT at progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60%
     of the appreciation value.

     Taxation for other relevant jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in each of those jurisdictions respectively.



                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021       111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




9.    INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Cont’d)
      Tax expense comprises:

                                                                                       Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                     December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                             2021                 2020
                                                                                         US$’000              US$’000

      Current tax expense – PRC EIT                                                         33,286               25,744
      Current tax expense – PRC withholding income tax on profit earned
        from PRC subsidiaries                                                                3,779                    –
      Overprovision in prior year – PRC EIT                                                 (1,087)              (1,278)
      (Reversal of) provision for LAT                                                            –                 (524)
      Deferred tax credit – PRC EIT                                                         (3,423)             (16,229)
      Deferred tax expense – PRC withholding income tax on profit earned
        from PRC subsidiaries                                                               10,418                3,779


      Total income tax expense                                                              42,973               11,492


      The income tax expense for the Group can be reconciled to the profit before income tax for the year as follows:

                                                                                       Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                     December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                             2021                 2020
                                                                                         US$’000              US$’000

      Profit before income tax                                                            311,648              125,430


      PRC EIT tax rates                                                                       25%                  25%


      Tax at the PRC EIT tax rates                                                          77,912               31,358
      Tax effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in other
        jurisdictions                                                                        1,234                  447
      Tax effect of concessionary tax rate                                                 (46,994)             (17,588)
      Tax effect of tax losses and other deductible temporary differences
        not recognised                                                                         100                  501
      Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                  4,561                5,690
      Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                      (1,204)              (2,318)
      Impacts on foreign exchange                                                           (1,463)             (12,532)
      Impacts on opening deferred tax liabilities resulting from change in
        applicable tax rate                                                                    343                2,157
      Utilisation of deductible temporary differences previously not
        recognised                                                                          (1,432)              (1,142)
      Withholding tax in respect of profit earned from PRC subsidiaries                     10,418                3,779
      Withholding tax in respect of interest income earned from PRC
        subsidiaries                                                                           585                2,942
      Tax effect of LAT                                                                          –                 (524)
      Overprovision of PRC EIT in prior year                                                (1,087)              (1,278)


                                                                                            42,973               11,492


112     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




9.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Cont’d)
     The following are the major deferred tax (assets) liabilities recognised and movements thereon during the current
     and prior years:

                                          Property,                                                       Distributable
                                          plant and Environmental    Mining                                   profits of
                                         equipment rehabilitation    rights(1)   Inventories     Others   subsidiaries          Total
                                          US$’000        US$’000    US$’000        US$’000     US$’000        US$’000        US$’000


     At January 1, 2020                     (3,412)       (8,990)   124,523         10,273      (3,101)              –       119,293
     (Credit) charge to profit or loss      (5,623)       (3,227)    (5,055)        (7,678)      3,197           3,779       (14,607)
     Effect of change in tax rate              345        (2,990)         –          6,848      (2,046)              –         2,157


     At December 31, 2020                   (8,690)      (15,207)   119,468           9,443     (1,950)          3,779       106,843
     Charge (credit) to profit or loss       7,386            75     (4,890)         (3,793)     1,235           6,639         6,652
     Effect of change in tax rate              556         2,848          –          (3,836)       775               –           343


     At December 31, 2021                    (748)       (12,284)   114,578           1,814         60         10,418        113,838

     (1)    Amount represents deferred tax liability arising from the fair value adjustment on mining rights during the
            business acquisition of Skyland Mining Limited and its subsidiaries (“Skyland”) in December 2010.

     For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets and
     liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                    2021                     2020
                                                                                                  US$’000                  US$’000


     Deferred tax assets                                                                            4,753                     4,463
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                    (118,591)                 (111,306)


                                                                                                 (113,838)                 (106,843)




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021         113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




9.    INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Cont’d)
      The Group’s unrecognised deferred income tax assets are as follows:

                                                                                              2021                 2020
                                                                                            US$’000              US$’000


      Deferred income tax assets
        Tax losses carry forwards                                                            23,388               23,288
        Other deductible temporary differences                                                  363                1,794


      Total unrecognised deferred income tax assets                                          23,751               25,082


      Deferred tax asset of US$23,388,000 (2020: US$23,288,000) has not been recognised in respect of unused tax
      losses of US$98 million (2020: US$96 million) due to the unpredictability of future profit streams. Under Canadian
      tax laws, unused tax losses can be carried forward for 20 years if the loss arises in tax years ended after December
      31, 2005. Included in unrecognised tax losses are losses of US$75 million that will expire from 2027 to 2040 (2020:
      US$76 million that will expire from 2027 to 2040). Other losses may be carried forward indefinitely.

      Other deductible temporary differences of US$1 million (2020: US$7 million) are primarily comprised of share issue
      costs and cumulative eligible capital expenditures that were incurred by the Company which are tax deductible
      according to the relevant tax law in Canada. No deferred tax asset has been recognised because the amount of
      future taxable profit that will be available to realize such assets is unpredictable and not probable.




114     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




10. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                    Year ended        Year ended
                                                                                  December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                          2021              2020
                                                                                      US$’000           US$’000

   Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging (crediting):
   Auditor’s remuneration                                                                 733                  745

   Depreciation included in cost of sales and inventories                             130,089            141,891
   Depreciation included in research and development expenses                           3,139              2,721
   Depreciation included in general and administrative expenses (note 6)                4,566              4,060

   Total depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                137,794            148,672

   Depreciation included in cost of sales and inventories                                 536                  396
   Depreciation included in general and administrative expenses (note 6)                  107                   96

   Total depreciation of right-of-use assets                                              643                  492

   Amortisation of mining rights (included in cost of sales)                           37,365                38,021

   Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                      168                   10

   Staff costs
     Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (note 11)                                644                   388
     Staff salaries and benefits                                                       13,829                13,197
     Retirement benefits contributions                                                    746                   536

   Total salaries and benefits included in administrative expenses
     (note 6)                                                                          15,219                14,121
   Total salaries and benefits included in cost of sales and inventories               58,250                41,151
   Total salaries and benefits included in research and development
     expenses                                                                            6,438                4,616

   Total staff costs                                                                   79,907                59,888

   Bank interest income                                                                 (3,662)              (3,889)

   Government subsidies                                                                 (1,671)              (1,167)

   Allowance for credit losses of trade, bills and other receivables, net                  44                   37




                                                                                        Annual Report 2021     115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




10. PROFIT (LOSS) FOR THE YEAR (Cont’d)
      During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group had entered into barter transactions of RMB114 million
      (equivalent to US$18 million) (2020: RMB105 million (equivalent to US$15 million)) with independent third parties
      regarding exchange of gold bearing materials. The directors estimated the fair values of the inventories given up and
      received approximated the same and no gain or loss was recognised.

11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
      (a)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
            Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules
            and CO, is as follows:

            For the year ended December 31, 2021

                                                                                Salaries        Retirement
                                                                               and other           benefits
                                                                  Fees           benefits     contributions           Total
                                                               US$’000          US$’000           US$’000          US$’000
            Executive Director and Chief Executive (Note a)
            Liangyou Jiang                                           –                 –                 –               –


            Executive Directors (Note b)
            Shiliang Guan                                            –              288                  9             297
            Weibin Zhang                                             –              115                  5             120
            Na Tian                                                  –               20                  –              20


            Non-executive Director (Note c)
            Junhu Tong                                               –                 –                 –               –


            Independent Non-executive Directors (Note d)
            Yingbin Ian He                                          59                 –                 3              62
            Wei Shao                                                50                 –                 3              53
            Bielin Shi                                              46                 –                 –              46
            Ruixia (Rane) Han                                       46                 –                 –              46


                                                                   201              423                 20             644




116     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
    (Cont’d)
   (a)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Cont’d)
         For the year ended December 31, 2020

                                                                       Salaries     Retirement
                                                                     and other         benefits
                                                              Fees     benefits   contributions        Total
                                                           US$’000    US$’000         US$’000       US$’000
         Executive Director and Chief Executive (Note a)
         Liangyou Jiang                                          –           –               –            –


         Executive Directors (Note b)
         Shiliang Guan                                           –          87               1           88
         Weibin Zhang                                            –          27               1           28
         Na Tian                                                 –          47               2           49


         Non-executive Directors (Note c)
         Yongqing Teng                                           –           –               –            –
         Fuzhen Kang                                             –          24               2           26
         Junhu Tong                                              –           –               –            –


         Independent Non-executive Directors (Note d)
         Yingbin Ian He                                        55            –               2           57
         Wei Shao                                              46            –               2           48
         Bielin Shi                                            46            –               –           46
         Ruixia (Rane) Han                                     46            –               –           46


                                                              193         185               10          388




                                                                                   Annual Report 2021   117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
    (Cont’d)
      (a)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Cont’d)
            Notes:
            (a)      Mr. Liangyou Jiang is the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and an executive director of the Company. He is also an employee
                     of CNG and his emolument payments are centralised by CNG as of his CEO appointment.
            (b)      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the affairs of
                     the Company and the Group. Effective from June 17, 2020, Mr. Weibin Zhang and Ms. Na Tian were appointed as executive
                     directors.
            (c)      The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as directors of the Company. Effective
                     from June 17, 2020, Mr. Junhu Tong was appointed as a non-executive director. Mr. Junhu Tong is employed by CNG and
                     the payment of his emoluments are centralised and made by CNG for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, in
                     which the amounts are considered as insignificant. During 2020, Mr. Yongqing Teng and Ms. Fuzhen Kang resigned as non-
                     executive directors of the Company as of June 17, 2020. Mr. Yongqing Teng is employed by CNG and the payment of his
                     emoluments are centralised and made by CNG for the year ended December 31, 2020, in which the amounts are considered
                     as insignificant.
            (d)      The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as directors of the Company.

            For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, none of the directors of the Company waived or agreed
            to waive any emoluments.




118    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
    (Cont’d)
   (b) Five highest paid employees
        The five highest paid employees included nil (2020: nil) directors for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
        emoluments of the five (2020: five) non-director employees for the year ended December 31, 2021, are as follows:

                                                                                      Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                    December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                            2021                 2020
                                                                                        US$’000              US$’000


        Employees
         Salaries and other benefits                                                          739                   818
         Retirement benefits contributions                                                     10                     6


                                                                                              749                   824


        The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration fell
        within the following band is as follows:

                                                                                          No. of individuals
                                                                                            2021                  2020


        Nil to HK$1,000,000 (equivalent to approximately US$129,000)                            2                     1
        HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
          US$129,001 to US$193,000)                                                             3                     4


        During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors
        of the Company or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
        compensation for loss of office.

12. DIVIDEND
   During the year ended December 31, 2021, a special dividend in respect of the year ended December 31, 2020
   of US$0.12 (2020: nil) per common share amounting to US$47,570,000 (2020: nil) was paid to the shareholders
   of the Company.

   Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a special dividend in respect of the year ended December 31, 2021 of
   US$0.25 (2020: US$0.12) per common share, in an aggregate amount of US$100,000,000 (2020: US$47,570,000),
   has been declared by the directors of the Company upon the approval of the board resolution dated March 30, 2022.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2021     119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




13. EARNINGS PER SHARE
      Profit used in determining earnings per share are presented below:

                                                                                         Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                       December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                               2021                 2020
                                                                                           US$'000              US$'000


      Profit attributable to owners of the Company for the purposes of basic
        earnings per share (US$’000)                                                        267,361               111,962


      Weighted average number of common shares, basic                                   396,413,753          396,413,753


      Basic earnings per share (US cents)                                                      67.44                 28.24


      The Group had no outstanding potential dilutive instruments issued as at December 31, 2021 and 2020 and during
      the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Therefore, no diluted earnings per share is presented.

14. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS/RESTRICTED BANK BALANCES
      Cash and cash equivalents of the Group are comprised of bank balances and bank deposits with an original maturity
      of three months or less. The Group’s bank balances, cash equivalents and restricted bank balances denominated in
      the foreign currencies other than the respective group entities’ functional currencies are presented below:

                                                                                       December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                              2021                 2020
                                                                                           US$’000              US$’000

      Denominated in:
        Canadian dollars                                                                          76                  214
        Renminbi (“RMB”)                                                                      47,859               20,577
        US$                                                                                        6                   13
        Hong Kong dollars                                                                      1,698                1,680


                                                                                              49,639               22,484


      The bank balances and bank deposits carry interest rates ranging from 0.001% to 2.22% (2020: 0.001% to 2.45%)
      per annum.

      Restricted bank balances carry interest at market rates ranging from 0.30% to 1.55% (2020: 0.30% to 1.55%) per
      annum. The balance represents deposits pledged to banks to secure bills payable issued to suppliers for mining costs.




120     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




15. TRADE, BILLS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                      December 31,               December 31,
                                                                                                             2021                       2020
                                                                                                          US$’000                    US$’000


   Trade receivables                                                                                            1,311                      1,603
   Less: allowance for credit losses                                                                             (163)                      (119)


                                                                                                                1,148                     1,484
   Bills receivables (note 16)                                                                                      –                    15,316
   Amounts due from related companies (note 32(a))(1)                                                           1,883                     1,498
   Other receivables(2)                                                                                        22,881                    17,462


   Total trade, bills and other receivables                                                                    25,912                    35,760


   At January 1, 2020, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to US$880,000.

   (1)   The amounts are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.
   (2)   Included in the balance as at December 31, 2021 are value-added tax recoverable of approximately US$12,980,000 (2020:
         US$7,257,000) and tax and other surcharges of US$7,161,000 (2020: US$9,211,000) to be recovered from Zhongxinfang Tibet
         Construction Investment Co. Ltd. (“Zhongxinfang”) as set out in note 23. As disclosed in note 33, the lawsuit related to settlement of the
         tax reimbursement from Zhongxinfang is still in process but the Group assessed that there is no impairment of the receivable amount
         of US$7,161,000 (equivalent to RMB45,655,000) as at December 31, 2021 (2020: US$9,211,000 (equivalent to RMB60,104,000).

   The Group allows an average credit period of 30 days and 180 days to its trade customers including CNG for gold
   dore bar sales and copper concentrate trade business, respectively.

   Below is an aged analysis of trade receivables (net of allowance for credit losses) presented based on invoice dates,
   which approximated the respective revenue recognition dates, at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                      December 31,               December 31,
                                                                                                             2021                       2020
                                                                                                          US$’000                    US$’000


   Less than 30 days                                                                                               372                        745
   31 to 90 days                                                                                                   605                        348
   91 to 180 days                                                                                                    2                        127
   Over 180 days                                                                                                   169                        264


   Total trade receivables                                                                                      1,148                      1,484


   In determining the recoverability of a trade receivable, the Group considers any change in the credit quality of the
   trade receivable from the date credit was initially granted up to the reporting date.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2021           121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




15. TRADE, BILLS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Cont’d)
      As at December 31, 2021, no bills receivable is held by the Group for future settlement of trade receivables.

      As at 31 December 2020, bills receivable amounting to US$15,316,000 were held by the Group for future settlement
      of trade receivables, which were further discounted to a CNG’s subsidiary by the Group and the Group continues to
      recognise their full carrying amounts of US$15,316,000 at the end of the reporting period and details are disclosed
      in note 16. All bills received by the Group were matured during the year ended December 31, 2021.

      Other than bills received amounting to US$15,316,000 as at December 31, 2020, the Group does not hold any
      collateral over these balances. Details of impairment assessment of trade, bills and other receivables are set out in
      note 35(d).

16. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
      The following were the Group’s financial assets as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 that were transferred to banks by
      discounting on a full recourse basis. As the Group has not transferred the significant risks and rewards, it continues
      to recognise the full carrying amount and has recognised the cash received on the transfer as a secured borrowing
      (see note 26). These financial assets are carried at amortised cost in the consolidated statement of financial position.

                                                                                   Bills receivable discounted to bank with
                                                                                                 full recourse
                                                                                         December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                2021                  2020
                                                                                             US$’000               US$’000


      Carrying amount of transferred assets                                                           –               15,316
      Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                       –              (15,316)


      Net position                                                                                    –                     –




122     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




17. PREPAID EXPENSES AND DEPOSITS
                                                                                                   December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                          2021                     2020
                                                                                                       US$’000                  US$’000


   Deposits for mine supplies and services (Note a)                                                           118                       429
   Deposits for spare parts (Note a)                                                                          176                       382
   Deposit for acquisition of property, plant and equipment (Note b)                                        1,175                     2,199
   Prepaid property and machinery insurance                                                                    24                        23
   Amount due from a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary
     (Note c)                                                                                                   –                       376
   Other prepayment and deposits                                                                            1,019                     2,475


                                                                                                            2,512                     5,884
   Less: Amounts that will be settled or utilised within one year shown
           under current assets                                                                             (1,337)                  (3,309)


   Amounts that will be settled or utilised for more than one year shown
    under non-current assets                                                                                1,175                     2,575


   Notes:
   a.       As at December 31, 2021 and 2020, the amount represents deposits paid to third party vendors and related companies (note 32)
            for purchasing of raw materials, consumable, spare parts and mine services.
   b.       The amount represents deposits paid to third party contractors for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment to expand its
            mining capacity in Tibet, the PRC. The amount is shown as non-current asset.
   c.       The amount due from a non-controlling shareholder is non-interest bearing, unsecured and was settled during the year ended
            December 31, 2021.



18. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                   December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                          2021                     2020
                                                                                                       US$’000                  US$’000


   Gold in process                                                                                       229,049                   220,059
   Gold doré bars                                                                                         24,263                    22,665
   Consumables                                                                                            18,086                    23,255
   Copper concentrate                                                                                      3,599                     9,016
   Spare parts                                                                                            24,648                    22,699


   Total inventories                                                                                     299,645                   297,694


   Inventories totalling US$717,454,000 (2020: US$621,414,000) for the year ended December 31, 2021 was recognised
   in cost of sales.



                                                                                                            Annual Report 2021          123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




19. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                           Leasehold            Leased              Leased
                                                               lands         equipment           properties            Total
                                                            US$’000           US$’000             US$’000           US$’000

      At December 31, 2021
      Carrying amount                                         22,906              2,313                330           25,549

      At December 31, 2020
      Carrying amount                                         13,806                   –               438           14,244

      For the year ended
        December 31, 2021
      Depreciation charge                                        496                 39                108              643

      For the year ended
        December 31, 2020
      Depreciation charge                                        396                   –                  96            492

                                                                                             Year ended          Year ended
                                                                                           December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                   2021                2020
                                                                                               US$'000             US$'000

      Total cash outflow for leases                                                              9,409                  102


      Additions to right-of-use assets                                                          11,642                     –


      For both years, the Group leases leasehold lands, equipment and office premises for its operations. The lease terms
      of leasehold lands are 50 years to in perpetuity (2020: 50 years). Lease contracts of office premises and equipment
      are entered into for a fixed term of 5 years (2020: 5 years). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and
      contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of
      the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the
      contract is enforceable.

      In addition, the Group obtained several land use right certificates for leasehold lands where its mining facilities are
      primarily located. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire these leasehold lands. The leasehold lands
      are presented separately.

      During the year ended December 31, 2021, the additions of right-of-use assets resulting from a new lease entered
      for equipment and lease modification of leasehold land. On the date of lease modification, the Group recognised
      right-of-use assets of US$9,290,000 (2020: nil) and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated
      useful lives of the leasehold land. Details of new lease entered are set out in note 32(a).

      Restrictions or covenants on leases
      In addition, lease liabilities of US$2,711,000 are recognised with related right-of-use assets of US$2,643,000 as
      at December 31, 2021 (2020: lease liabilities of US$447,000 are recognised with related right-of-use assets of
      US$438,000). The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased
      assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.


124     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




20. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                     December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                            2021                     2020
                                                                                                         US$'000                  US$'000


   Listed investments:
     Equity securities listed in Hong Kong (Note a)                                                          28,041                    20,015


   Unlisted investments:
    Equity securities (Note b)                                                                                   917                       809


   Total                                                                                                     28,958                    20,824


   Notes:
   a.       The above listed equity investments represent ordinary shares of an entity listed in Hong Kong. These investments are not held
            for trading, instead, they are held for long-term strategic purposes. The directors of the Company have elected to designate these
            investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair
            value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and
            realising their performance potential in the long run.
            The investment of China Nonferrous Mining Corporation Limited (“CNMC”), a listed company in Hong Kong, represents 2.03% equity
            interest in CNMC. CNMC is engaged in mining, processing and trading of nonferrous metals in Zambia. During the year ended December
            31, 2021, a fair value gain of US$8,026,000 (2020: a fair value gain of US$3,530,000) was recognised in other comprehensive
            income and accumulated under the heading of investments revaluation reserve in accordance with the Group’s accounting policies.
   b.       The above unlisted equity investments represent the Group’s equity interests in two (2020: two) private entities established in the
            PRC. The directors of the Company have elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe
            that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s
            strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.
            During year ended December 31, 2020, the Company invested in 4% share interest in Tibet Electric Power Trading Center Co., Ltd.
            (“Tibet Electric”) for RMB1,272,000, approximately US$184,000. Tibet Electric is established in the PRC and is principally engaged
            in the trading of electric power in the PRC.
            During year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid additional RMB566,000, approximately US$88,000 to Tibet Electric for
            its capital increase arrangement, upon the end of the capital increase, the Company held 4% share interest in Tibet Electric as at
            December 31, 2021.
            As at December 31, 2021, the carrying amount of RMB5,838,000, approximately US$917,000 (2020: RMB5,272,000, approximately
            US$809,000), representing 7.425% share interest in Mozu Gongka Jiulian Industrial Explosives Material Co. Ltd. (“Mozu Explosives”)
            and 4% share interest in Tibet Electric. Mozu Explosives is established in the PRC and principally engaged in the development and
            manufacturing of explosives. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the fair value change of unlisted investments are
            insignificant and has not been recognised for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2021          125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




21. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                         Furniture   Machinery                                        Construction
                                                                        and office         and     Motor     Leasehold      Mineral    in progress
                                                Buildings   Crushers    equipment    equipment   vehicles improvements       assets        (“CIP”)       Total
                                                US$’000     US$’000      US$’000      US$’000    US$’000      US$’000      US$’000        US$’000     US$’000

      COST
      At January 1, 2020                        827,696     227,332         8,826     308,942     10,490           98      950,429        18,718     2,352,531
      Additions                                   1,224           –         1,945       5,206        742            –      116,262        20,349       145,728
      Costs adjustment                            4,442           –             –      (7,100)         –            –         (184)            –        (2,842)
      Disposals                                       –           –             –           –       (155)           –            –             –          (155)
      Transfer from CIP                           4,004           –           900       2,438          –            –            –        (7,342)            –
      Environmental rehabilitation adjustment
        (note 30)                                     –            –            –           –         –              –      14,492              –      14,492
      Exchange realignment                       54,949            –          581      16,993       548              –      35,346          2,021     110,438


      At December 31, 2020                       892,315    227,332       12,252      326,479     11,625           98     1,116,345        33,746    2,620,192
      Additions                                      723          –        1,190        3,706      1,954            –        58,388        43,800      109,761
      Costs adjustment                          (267,917)         –         (983)     (10,329)      (832)           –       276,592             –       (3,469)
      Disposals                                      (43)         –         (133)        (156)      (779)           –             –             –       (1,111)
      Transfer from CIP                           65,127          –          226          785          –            –         9,778       (75,916)           –
      Environmental rehabilitation adjustment
        (note 30)                                     –            –            –           –         –              –      (7,407)             –      (7,407)
      Exchange realignment                       17,823            –          218       6,278       204              –      17,430            366      42,319


      At December 31, 2021                      708,028     227,332       12,770      326,763     12,172           98     1,471,126         1,996    2,760,285


      ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
      At January 1, 2020                        (124,395)   (113,422)      (4,834)   (102,905)    (5,959)          (98)   (291,469)             –     (643,082)
      Provided for the year                      (38,325)    (18,512)      (1,064)    (24,377)      (857)            –     (65,537)             –     (148,672)
      Eliminated on disposals                          –           –            –           –        135             –           –              –          135
      Exchange realignment                        (9,769)          –         (272)     (5,672)      (298)            –      (3,601)             –      (19,612)


      At December 31, 2020                      (172,489)   (131,934)      (6,170)   (132,954)    (6,979)          (98)   (360,607)             –     (811,231)
      Provided for the year                      (28,034)    (18,505)      (1,706)    (23,983)      (918)            –     (64,648)             –     (137,794)
      Eliminated on disposals                         40           –          121          42        740             –           –              –          943
      Reclassification                            34,727           –          256       2,888         15             –     (37,886)             –            –
      Exchange realignment                        (3,581)          –         (117)     (2,360)      (111)            –      (2,052)             –       (8,221)


      At December 31, 2021                      (169,337)   (150,439)      (7,616)   (156,367)    (7,253)          (98)   (465,193)             –     (956,303)


      CARRYING VALUE
      At December 31, 2021                      538,691      76,893         5,154     170,396      4,919             –    1,005,933         1,996    1,803,982


      At December 31, 2020                      719,826      95,398         6,082     193,525      4,646             –     755,738        33,746     1,808,961




126      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




21. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Cont’d)
   The above items of property, plant and equipment, except for mineral assets, taking into account the residual value,
   are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets as follows:

   Buildings                                       Over the shorter of the term of lease, or 24 years
   Crushers                                        10 to 14 years
   Furniture and office equipment                  2 to 5 years
   Machinery and equipment                         2 to 10 years
   Motor vehicles                                  5 to 10 years
   Leasehold improvements                          Over the shorter of the term of lease, or 5.5 years

   Mineral assets mainly represent drilling, stripping and related costs incurred on sites with an existing mine and
   on areas within the boundary of a known mineral deposit which contains proven and probable reserves and are
   capitalised when they are incurred to improve access to the future ores. Mineral assets are depreciated using the
   unit-of-production method based on the actual production volume over the estimated total proven and probable
   reserves of the mines.

   Mineral Assets
   (a)   CSH Gold Mine
         CSH Gold Mine, in which the Group holds a 96.5% equity interest, consists of a licensed area of 36 square
         kilometers (“km2”) in the western part of Inner Mongolia, northern China. The site is centrally positioned within
         the east-west-trending Tian Shan Gold Belt and is approximately 650 kilometers (“km”) northwest of Beijing.
         The carrying value of the CSH Gold Mine in relation to mineral assets is US$210,148,000 as at December 31,
         2021 (December 31, 2020: US$275,068,000).

   (b)   Jiama Mine
         The Jiama Mine, a large copper-gold polymetallic deposit consisting of skarn-type and hornfels-type mineralization
         located in Metrorkongka County in Tibet, in which the Group holds 100% equity interest through its wholly-
         owned subsidiary, Skyland. The Group acquired Skyland on December 1, 2010. The carrying value of the
         Jiama Mine in relation to mineral assets is US$795,785,000 as at December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020:
         US$480,670,000).




                                                                                              Annual Report 2021      127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




22. MINING RIGHTS
                                                                                                                                         US$’000


      COST
      At January 1, 2020                                                                                                                1,010,572
      Exchange realignment                                                                                                                  5,604


      At December 31, 2020                                                                                                              1,016,176
      Exchange realignment                                                                                                                  2,028


      At December 31, 2021                                                                                                              1,018,204


      ACCUMULATED AMORTISATION
      At January 1, 2020                                                                                                                (110,199)
      Provided for the year                                                                                                              (38,021)
      Exchange realignment                                                                                                                  (697)


      At December 31, 2020                                                                                                              (148,917)
      Provided for the year                                                                                                              (37,365)
      Exchange realignment                                                                                                                  (366)


      At December 31, 2021                                                                                                              (186,648)


      CARRYING VALUE
      At December 31, 2021                                                                                                               831,556


      At December 31, 2020                                                                                                               867,259

      Notes:


      The amounts represent two mining rights in the Jiama Mine and CSH Gold Mine. Mining rights in the Jiama Mine are in relation to the
      copper and other by-products production, acquired through the acquisition of Skyland. The mining permit will expire in 2023. The Group
      acquired mining rights in the CSH Gold Mine from the Department of Natural Resources of Inner Mongolia in relation to gold production at
      a consideration of US$11.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2019. The mining permit will expire in 2026. The Group considers
      that it will be able to renew the mining rights with the relevant government authority continuously until the end of mine life.
      Amortisation on mining rights acquired is provided to write off the cost of the mining rights using the unit-of-production method based on
      the actual production volume over the estimated total proven and probable reserves of the mines.




128     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




23. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
   During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Group entered into a cooperation agreement (the “Cooperation
   Agreement”) with an independent third party property developer, Zhongxinfang in relation to the development of a
   composite project in Lhasa, Tibet, China. Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the Group agreed to transfer the
   land use right for the development and Zhongxinfang agreed to compensate the Group by transferring a block of the
   buildings and twenty car parks (the “New Premises”) within two years from the date of the Cooperation Agreement
   (the “Land Exchange”) and all related tax exposures including but not limited to LAT, EIT and other related tax.
   During the year ended December 31, 2019, the land use right was transferred to Zhongxinfang. Accordingly, the
   Group derecognised the right-of-use assets with a carrying amount of approximately US$999,000 (equivalent
   to RMB6,970,000) at the date of transfer, and recognised the right to receive the a block of the buildings and
   twenty car parks (the “New Premises”) of approximately US$17,954,000 (equivalent to RMB125,252,000), which
   approximates the fair value of the New Premises at the date of transfer and the other receivables of US$7,980,000
   (equivalent to RMB55,669,000) relating to the tax reimbursement from the Developer. The related gain and income
   tax expenses of approximately US$25,312,000 (equivalent to RMB174,502,000) and US$8,155,000 (equivalent to
   RMB56,220,000) has been recognised in the profit or loss respectively during the year ended December 31, 2019.
   The right to receive the New Premises was initially recognised at its fair value and subsequently carried at cost less
   impairment. Based on the Cooperation Agreement, Zhongxinfang is obligated to deliver the New Premises to the
   Group no later than 2021. As at December 31, 2021 and up to the date these consolidated financial statements
   are authorised for issue, the composite project is still suspended due to litigations against Zhongxinfang and the
   New Premises are not delivered to Huatailong on May 31, 2021, the original contractual delivery date. Based on
   Group’s assessment on the completion status of the New Premises, the construction of the New Premises has been
   substantially completed pending for installation of plumbing, electrical wiring, interior walls and decoration, there
   has been no significant market value decline of comparable properties during the current year and the Group has
   first priority of claim over the New Premises under New Premises Pre-litigation Preservation (as defined in note 33).
   Accordingly, no impairment loss (2020: nil) has been made on the other non-current assets as the management of
   the Company are of the opinion that the recoverable amount of the non-current assets is above its carrying amount
   of US$19,645,000 (equivalent to RMB125,252,000) as at December 31, 2021 (2020: US$19,196,000 (equivalent
   to RMB125,252,000)).




                                                                                             Annual Report 2021     129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




24. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED EXPENSES
      Accounts and other payables of the Group are principally comprised of amounts outstanding for trade purchases
      relating to minerals production activities and construction activities. The average credit period taken for trade
      purchases is between 120 to 150 days.

      Accounts and other payables and accrued expenses comprise the following:

                                                                                    December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                           2021                2020
                                                                                        US$'000             US$'000


      Accounts payable                                                                    43,266               45,634
      Bills payable                                                                       48,144               63,494
      Construction costs payable                                                         106,100              145,973
      Mining cost accrual                                                                  2,213                3,524
      Payroll and benefit payable                                                            337                  257
      Other accruals                                                                       4,437                3,306
      Other tax payables                                                                   5,388                3,053
      Other payables                                                                       5,449                7,589
      Payable for acquisition of a mining right                                            6,620                7,762


      Total accounts and other payables and accrued expenses                             221,954              280,592


      The following is an aging analysis of the accounts payable presented based on the invoice date at the end of the
      reporting period:

                                                                                    December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                           2021                2020
                                                                                        US$'000             US$'000


      Less than 30 days                                                                    20,961              26,263
      31 to 90 days                                                                        11,357               9,628
      91 to 180 days                                                                        2,614               2,496
      Over 180 days                                                                         8,334               7,247


      Total accounts payable                                                               43,266              45,634


      The credit period for bills payable is 180 days from the bills issue date.




130     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




24. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED EXPENSES (Cont’d)
   The following is an ageing analysis of bills payable, presented based on bills issue date at the end of the reporting
   period:

                                                                                       December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                              2021                  2020
                                                                                           US$'000               US$'000


   Less than 30 days                                                                          10,942                 27,720
   31 to 60 days                                                                              12,140                  6,832
   61 to 90 days                                                                               2,144                 13,867
   91 to 180 days                                                                             22,918                 15,075


   Total bills payable                                                                        48,144                 63,494


25. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                       December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                              2021                  2020
                                                                                           US$'000               US$'000


   Copper concentrate                                                                         10,265                  2,878

   At January 1, 2020, contract liabilities amounted to US$6,783,000.

   The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised relates to carried-forward contract liabilities.

                                                                                             Copper concentrate
                                                                                       December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                              2021                  2020
                                                                                           US$'000               US$'000


   Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liability balance
     at the beginning of the year                                                               2,878                 6,783


   Typical payment terms which have an impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognised are as follows:

   When the Group receives a deposit before the goods are delivered, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start
   of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit. The Group
   typically receives 100% deposit on acceptance of sales orders for copper concentrate including other by-products.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2021      131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




26. BORROWINGS
                                                                                                      December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                             2021                     2020
                                                                                                          US$'000                  US$'000


      Bank loans                                                                                            672,579                   859,476
      Loans payable to a CNG subsidiary                                                                           –                    38,305
      Bonds                                                                                                 297,980                   296,616


                                                                                                            970,559                 1,194,397


      The borrowings are repayable as follows:

                                                                                                      December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                             2021                     2020
                                                                                                          US$'000                  US$'000


      Carrying amount repayable within one year (1) (3) (4)                                                  97,606                   140,303
      Carrying amount repayable within one to two years (1) (2) (3) (4)                                     399,412                   118,228
      Carrying amount repayable within two to five years (3) (4)                                            200,762                   519,002
      Carrying amount repayable over five years (3) (4)                                                     272,779                   416,864


                                                                                                            970,559                 1,194,397
      Less: Amounts due within one year (shown under current liabilities)                                   (97,606)                 (140,303)


      Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                                           872,953                 1,054,094


      (1)   On June 23, 2020, the Company (as “Guarantor”), through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Skyland Mining (BVI) Limited (“Skyland
            (BVI)”), completed the issuance of bonds to independent third parties in an aggregate principal amount of US$300 million, listed on
            the Stock Exchange and ChongWa (Macao) Financial Asset Exchange CO., Limited. The bonds were issued at a price of 99.886%,
            bearing coupon rate of 2.80% with a maturity date of June 23, 2023. Interest is payable in equal semi-annual instalments on
            December 23 and June 23 in each year.
      (2)   As at December 31, 2020, included in the Group’s borrowing balance are loans payable to a CNG’s subsidiary with an amount of
            RMB249,934,000 (equivalent to approximately US$38,305,000). Details of balances with related parties are set out in note 32(a).
      (3)   Skyland entered into a syndicated long term loan facility agreement with a syndicate of banks, on November 3, 2015 which is available
            for Skyland to draw down up to October 30, 2018. Subsequently, a supplementary agreement was signed for the extension of the
            draw down period to October 30, 2020. As at December 31, 2021, Skyland has the outstanding loan amount of RMB2,949,159,000
            (equivalent to approximately US$462,562,000) (2020: RMB3,360,000,000 (equivalent to approximately US$514,950,000)). The
            loan carries a floating rate, currently set at 2.65% per annum, set by the People’s Bank of China National Interbank Funding Center
            Loan Prime Rate bench mark, discounted by 200 base points (or 2.00%) effective from June 30, 2020. Repayment of the loan is
            scheduled to begin in May 2019 and will reach full maturity and repayment in November 2028.




132     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




26. BORROWINGS (Cont’d)
   (4)   Skyland entered into a syndicated long term loan facility agreement with a syndicate of banks, on April 27, 2020 which is available for
         Skyland to draw down up to May 31, 2020. As at December 31, 2021, Skyland has the outstanding loan amount of RMB840,000,000
         (equivalent to approximately US$131,750,000) (2020: RMB1,370,000,000 (equivalent to approximately US$209,965,000)). The loan
         carries a floating rate, currently set at 2.65% per annum, set by the People’s Bank of China National Interbank Funding Center Loan
         Prime Rate benchmark, discounted by 200 base points (or 2.00%) as at December 31, 2021 and 2020. Repayment of the loan is
         scheduled to begin in October 2020 and will reach full maturity and repayment in April 2034.

   Analysed as:

                                                                                                    December 31,              December 31,
                                                                                                           2021                      2020
                                                                                                        US$'000                   US$'000


   Secured                                                                                                 594,312                   740,231
   Unsecured                                                                                               376,247                   454,166


                                                                                                           970,559                 1,194,397


   Fixed rate loans amounting to approximately US$321,350,000 (December 31, 2020: US$365,266,000), carry weighted
   average effective interest rate of 3.40% (2020: 2.68%) per annum.

   The carrying values of the pledged assets to secure borrowings by the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                    December 31,              December 31,
                                                                                                           2021                      2020
                                                                                                        US$'000                   US$'000


   Mining rights                                                                                           825,995                   859,793
   Bills receivables (note 16)                                                                                   –                    15,316


                                                                                                           825,995                   875,109




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2021          133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




27. ENTRUSTED LOAN PAYABLE
      On January 16, 2017, the Group entered into a three-year entrusted loan agreement with CNG (note 32) and China
      National Gold Group Finance Company Limited (“China Gold Finance”), a subsidiary of CNG, in which CNG provided
      a loan of RMB200 million (equivalent to approximately US$29,186,000 based on the spot rate at the withdrawal
      date) to the Group through China Gold Finance as the entrusted bank. The entrusted loan is unsecured and carries
      interest at a fixed rate of 2.75% per annum. The principal amount was repayable on January 15, 2020 and extended
      during the year ended December 31, 2020, for another 3 years until January 15, 2023.

      During the year ended December 31, 2021, the amount of RMB200 million (equivalent to approximately US$30,652,000)
      was early repaid in full.

28. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                      Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                    December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                            2021                 2020
                                                                                        US$'000              US$'000


      Lease liabilities payable:
        Within one year                                                                       533                   95
        Within a period of more than one year but not more than two years                     562                  104
        Within a period of more than two years but not more than five years                 1,616                  248


                                                                                            2,711                  447
      Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months shown under
              current liabilities                                                            (533)                 (95)


      Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under non-current
       liabilities                                                                          2,178                  352


      The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities range is 4.76% (2020: 5.24%).




134    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




29. DEFERRED INCOME
                                                                December 31,      December 31,
                                                                       2021              2020
                                                                    US$'000           US$'000


   Deferred income – government grants                                 1,123               2,314
   Deferred lease inducement                                              19                  19


   Total deferred income                                               1,142               2,333


   Movement in the deferred income – government grants:

                                                                      2021               2020
                                                                    US$’000            US$’000


   At January 1                                                        2,314               2,667
   Addition                                                                –                  79
   Credited to other income                                           (1,196)               (772)
   Exchange realignment                                                    5                 340


   At December 31                                                      1,123               2,314




                                                                      Annual Report 2021    135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




30. ENVIRONMENTAL REHABILITATION
      The environmental rehabilitation relates to reclamation and closure costs relating to the Group’s mine operations
      at the CSH Gold Mine and Jiama Mine. The environmental rehabilitation is calculated as the net present value of
      estimated future net cash flows of the reclamation and closure costs of US$151,686,000 (2020: US$128,375,000),
      discounted at 7.1% (2020: 6.5%) per annum at December 31, 2021.

      The following is an analysis of the environmental rehabilitation:

                                                                                            2021                 2020
                                                                                          US$’000              US$’000


      At January 1                                                                         85,663               63,145
      Additions to site reclamation                                                        12,996               23,134
      Decrease to site reclamation                                                        (19,288)                   –
      Changes from change in discount rate during the year                                 (1,115)              (8,582)
      Accretion incurred in the current year                                                5,687                2,410
      Payment during the year                                                              (1,048)                 (60)
      Exchange realignment                                                                  2,217                5,616


      At December 31                                                                       85,112               85,663


      In compliance with the prevailing regulations regulatory and requirements of Metrorkongka County Natural Resources
      Bureau and Bayannur Natural Resources Bureau, the Group updated the estimated future cash flows of reclamation
      and closure costs with decrement of RMB122,975,000 (equivalent to US$19,288,000) (2020: nil) in CSH Gold
      Mine and increment of RMB83,844,000 (equivalent to US$12,996,000) (2020: RMB159,560,000 (equivalent to
      US$23,134,000)), with the assistance of an independent specialist during the year ended December 31, 2021. The
      environmental rehabilitation is determined based on the CSH Gold Mine’s latest closure plan being approved by
      Bayannur Natural Resources Bureau during the year ended December 31, 2021 and Jiama Mine’s latest closure
      plan being approved by Tibet Land and Mineral Rights Transaction and Resource Reserve Evaluation Center during
      the year ended December 31, 2020 with updated cost estimates made during 2021.




136     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




31. SHARE CAPITAL
   Common shares
   (i)    Authorized – Unlimited common shares without par value

   (ii)   Issued and outstanding

                                                                                                 Number
                                                                                               of shares                Amount
                                                                                                                       US$'000
          Issued & fully paid:
            At January 1, 2020, December 31, 2020 and 2021                                 396,413,753               1,229,061

32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control the other party or exercise significant influence in making
   financial and operation decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control.
   CNG, a state owned company registered in Beijing, PRC, which is controlled by State-owned Assets Supervision and
   Administration Commission of the State Council of the PRC, is able to exercise significant influence over the Company.

   The management believes that information relating to related party transactions have been adequately disclosed in
   accordance with the requirements of IAS 24 “Related party disclosures”.

   In addition to the related party transactions and balances shown elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements,
   the following is a summary of significant related party transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business
   between the Group and its related parties for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 and related party
   balances as at December 31, 2021 and 2020.

   Name and relationship with related parties during the years are as follows:

   CNG owned the following percentages of outstanding common shares of the Company:

                                                                                          December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                 2021                   2020
                                                                                                    %                      %


   CNG                                                                                             40.01                  40.01




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021       137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
      (a)   Transactions/balances with CNG and its subsidiaries
            The Group had the following transactions with CNG and CNG’s subsidiaries:

                                                                                                     December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                            2021                     2020
                                                                                                         US$'000                  US$'000


            Gold doré bars sales by the Group (Note a)                                                      266,187                  260,074


            Copper and other by-product sales by the Group (Note b)                                         568,373                  166,671


            Provision of transportation services by the Group (Note b)                                         1,313                      658


            Construction, stripping and mining services provided to the
              Group (Note b)                                                                                   7,239                  16,627


            Accrued expenses for short-term property management fee
              (Note b)                                                                                           504                      459


            Commitment fee                                                                                     1,066                      695


            Interest income                                                                                    1,380                      113


            Interest expense on borrowings and entrusted loan payable                                            860                    2,676


            Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                   9                        –


            Loans provided to the Group (Note c)                                                                    –                 15,316


            Cash and cash equivalents held by the Group (Note c)                                            180,049                   14,304


            Notes:
            a.       On May 7, 2014, the Company’s subsidiary, IMP entered into an exclusive contract for the sale of doré with CNG pursuant to
                     which IMP sells gold doré bars to CNG for the period up to December 31, 2017. On May 26, 2017, the Company and IMP
                     entered into the Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Dore for an extended term commencing on January 1, 2018
                     and expiring on December 31, 2020. On May 6, 2020, the Company and IMP entered into the third Supplemental Contract
                     for Purchase and Sale of Dore for an extended term commencing on January 1, 2021 and expiring on December 31, 2023.
                     The extent of the continuing connected transactions for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 did not exceed the
                     limit as set out in the announcements of the Company on May 7, 2020 and May 31, 2017, respectively.




138    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
   (a)   Transactions/balances with CNG and its subsidiaries (Cont’d)
         Notes: (Cont’d)
         b.    On April 26, 2013, the Company entered into a product and service framework agreement with CNG for the provision of mining
               related services and products to the Company for three years until June 18, 2016. The agreement was amended to extend
               the term of the agreement to December 31, 2017 and to include copper concentrates sales contract and office lease contract
               with CNG since May 29, 2015. On May 26, 2017, the Company and CNG entered into the second supplemental product and
               service framework agreement to extend the term to December 31, 2020 and to extend the scope of the supplemental product
               and service framework agreement to include leasing services to be provided by Zhongxin International Financial Leasing
               (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd., the shares of which are 80% owned by CNG. On May 6, 2020, the Company and CNG entered into the
               third supplemental product and service framework agreement to extend the term to December 31, 2023.
               The extent of the continuing connected transactions for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 did not exceed the
               limit as set out in the announcements of the Company on May 7, 2020 and May 31, 2017, respectively.
         c.    On December 18, 2017, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a deposit services agreement (“Deposit Services
               Agreement”) pursuant to which the Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, make withdrawals and deposits with
               China Gold Finance up to a daily maximum deposit balance (including interest) not exceeding RMB100 million (approximately
               equivalent to US$15 million) and commencing from January 1, 2018 for one year.
               On December 18, 2018, the Deposit Services Agreement has been extended for a one year term to December 31, 2019
               pursuant to the supplemental deposit services agreement.
               On December 31, 2019, the Deposit Services Agreement have been extended for a one year term to December 31, 2020
               pursuant to the supplemental deposit services agreement, all other terms and conditions remain the same.
               On December 22, 2020, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a second Deposit Services Agreement pursuant to
               which the Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, make withdrawals and deposits with China Gold Finance up
               to a daily maximum deposit balance (including interest) not exceeding RMB180 million (approximately equivalent to US$28
               million) and extend for one year term to December 31, 2021 with all other terms and conditions remaining the same. The
               second Deposit Services Agreement was expired with the effective of the third Deposit Services Agreement on June 30, 2021
               as described below.
               On May 5, 2021, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a third Deposit Services Agreement pursuant to which
               the Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, make withdrawals and deposits with China Gold Finance up to a
               daily maximum deposit balance (including interest) not exceeding RMB3,000 million (approximately equivalent to US$465
               million) and extend for three year term to December 31, 2023 with all other terms and conditions remaining the same and
               the third Deposit Services Agreement was effective on June 30, 2021.
               The extend of the connected transaction for deposit services for the year ended December 31, 2021 did not exceed the limit
               as set out in the announcement of the Company on December 23, 2020 and May 6, 2021. The extend of the connected
               transaction for deposit services for the year ended December 31, 2020 did not exceed the limit as set out in the announcement
               of the Company on December 19, 2017.
               On March 25, 2019, IMP and China Gold Finance entered into a loan agreement pursuant to which China Gold Finance
               agreed to provide financial assistance to be used towards daily operation working capital of RMB350 million (approximately
               equivalent to US$50 million) for a term of 36 months, and detail of terms as set out in loans payable to a CNG subsidiary below.
               On December 31, 2020, the Group discounted the bills received of RMB100 million (approximately equivalent to US$15,316,000)
               to China Gold Finance with recourse. As the Group has not transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
               of the bills receivables, the carrying values of bills received continue to be recognised as assets in the consolidated financial
               statements as set out in note 15 and accordingly, the liabilities associated with such bills are recognised as secured borrowing
               repayable within one year (note 26) based on the matured dates of bills. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the
               amount of RMB100 million (equivalent to approximately US$15,316,000) was accepted in full.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2021          139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
      (a)   Transactions/balances with CNG and its subsidiaries (Cont’d)
            The Group has the following significant balances with CNG and its subsidiaries at the end of each reporting period:

                                                                                                      December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                             2021                     2020
                                                                                                          US$'000                  US$'000


            Assets
            Amounts due from related companies (note 15)                                                      1,883                     1,498
            Cash and cash equivalents held in a CNG’s subsidiary                                            180,049                    14,304


            Total amounts due from CNG and its subsidiaries                                                 181,932                    15,802


            Other than the cash and cash equivalents held in a CNG subsidiary and deposits paid to CNG subsidiaries,
            the remaining amounts due from CNG and its subsidiaries as at December 31, 2021 and 2020, which are
            included in trade, bills and other receivables is non-interest bearing, unsecured and repayable on demand.

                                                                                                      December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                             2021                     2020
                                                                                                          US$'000                  US$'000


            Liabilities
            Loans payable to a CNG’s subsidiary (Note a, note 26)                                                  –                   38,305
            Entrusted loan payable (note 27)                                                                       –                   30,652
            Construction costs payable to CNG’s subsidiaries                                                     335                    7,296
            Trade payable to CNG’s subsidiaries                                                                1,138                      280
            Amount due to CNG                                                                                    755                      258
            Contract liabilities with a CNG’s subsidiary                                                       9,538                    2,539
            Lease liabilities to a CNG’s subsidiary (Note b)                                                   2,361                        –


            Total amounts due to CNG and its subsidiaries                                                     14,127                   79,330

            Notes:
            a.       As at December 31, 2020, the loans payable to a CNG’s subsidiary, which are included in borrowings, represent borrowings
                     of RMB150 million (equivalent to approximately US$22,989,000) carrying fixed interest rates at 4.51% per annum and are
                     unsecured and repayable in two years and classified as non-current, and bills receivable of RMB100 million (equivalent to
                     approximately US$15,316,000) discounted for future settlement of trade receivables. The loans payable to a CNG’s subsidiary
                     was settled in full during the year ended December 31, 2021.




140    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
   (a)   Transactions/balances with CNG and its subsidiaries (Cont’d)
         Notes: (Cont’d)
         b.    During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group entered into a new lease agreement for the use of equipments with a
               subsidiary of CNG for 5 years, the Group has recognised an addition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of US$2,352,000
               and US$2,352,000 respectively.

   With the exception of the entrusted loan payable to CNG (terms are set out in note 27), loans payable to a CNG’s
   subsidiary and lease liabilities to a CNG’s subsidiary, the amounts due to CNG and its subsidiaries which are included
   in other payables and construction costs payable, are non-interest bearing, unsecured and have no fixed terms of
   repayments.

   (b) Compensation of key management personnel
         Other than the directors’ emoluments disclosed in note 11(a), the Group has the following compensation to
         other key management personnel during the years:

                                                                                                     Year ended                Year ended
                                                                                                   December 31,              December 31,
                                                                                                           2021                      2020
                                                                                                       US$'000                   US$'000


         Salaries and other benefits                                                                           506                        653
         Post-employment benefits                                                                               14                          8


                                                                                                               520                        661


33. CONTINGENCIES
   During the year ended December 31, 2020, there was a construction contract dispute between independent
   third parties including the constructor, Huaxin Construction Group Co., Ltd. (formerly named as “Nantong Huaxin
   Construction Group Co., Ltd.”) (“Huaxin”), Zhongxinfang, and the Group’s subsidiary, Huatailong. The land use right
   was transferred from Huatailong to Zhongxinfang in 2019 pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement in relation to the
   Land Exchange (note 23).

   As disclosed in note 23, the composite project is still suspended due to litigations against Zhongxinfang and the New
   Premises are not delivered to Huatailong on May 31, 2021, the original contractual delivery date. On June 21, 2021,
   Huatailong applied for pre-litigation preservation of the New Premises from Zhongxinfang, the Intermediate People’s
   Court of Lhasa City, Tibet, adjudicated that the value of New Premises limited to RMB137 million (equivalent to
   US$21 million), and a block of the buildings and twenty car parks from Zhongxinfang were frozen for three and two
   years respectively (the “New Premises Pre-litigation Preservation”). On July 21, 2021, pursuant to the New Premises
   Pre-litigation Preservation, Huatailong proceeded a lawsuit against Zhongxinfang for the delivery of New Premises
   and penalty amounting to RMB5 million (equivalent to US$773,000), and on 18 October 2021, Huatailong submitted
   further application to the court and requested assessment on the level of rent to be used for determining the penalty,
   the lawsuit is currently under processing and the result is not ascertain as at the date these consolidated financial
   statements are authorised for issue.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2021          141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




33. CONTINGENCIES (Cont’d)
      In addition, Huatailong has paid the tax and other surcharges related to the Land Exchange during the year ended
      December 31, 2020 and expects to recover such payments from Zhongxinfang in accordance with the Cooperation
      Agreement. On July 8, 2020, Huatailong applied for pre-litigation preservation of assets from Zhongxinfang, the
      Intermediate People’s Court of Lhasa City, Tibet, adjudicated that the value of certain properties limited to RMB46
      million (equivalent to US$6,609,000) from Zhongxinfang was frozen for one year (the “Pre-litigation Preservation”).
      Based on the first instance adjudication dated November 20, 2020 in relation to the lawsuit against Zhongxinfang
      for the recoverability of the tax and other surcharges (the “Tax and Other Surcharge”) paid by Huatailong, which
      became final adjudication upon expiry of appeal application in December 2020, the litigation ruling adjudicated that
      Zhongxinfang shall repay the Tax and Other Surcharge of RMB46 million (equivalent to US$6,997,000) to Huatailong
      (the “November Adjudication”) within 30 days from the effective date of the November Adjudication (the “Due Date”).
      As Zhongxinfang has not settled such amount within the Due Date, Huatailong applied for an enforcement of the
      November Adjudication in January 2021 (the “Enforcement”). On June 24 2021, the Intermediate People’s Court of
      Lhasa City, Tibet, adjudicated the Enforcement is suspended as there are no executable properties from Zhongxinfang
      as all of the assets owned by Zhongxinfang have been sealed up or frozen. Based on legal advice, the Enforcement
      is currently suspended and the Group’s first priority of claim over one of the assets under Pre-litigation Preservation
      has been extended for three years till May 24, 2024. Furthermore, in order to recover Tax and Other Surcharge
      from Zhongxinfang, Huatailong has applied for participation of enforcement procedures over certain asset sealed up
      together with the other plaintiffs, which the Higher People’s Court of Lhasa City has completed the auctions of the
      asset. The Group will also reapply for enforcement when there are executable properties of Zhongxinfang being made
      available, as such that the result is not ascertain as at the date these consolidated financial statements are authorised
      for issue. Based on the best available information to the Group as of December 31, 2021 and up to the date these
      consolidated financial statements are authorised for issue, the Group estimated that the fair value of total assets
      owned by Zhongxinfang exceeded the outstanding liabilities that the courts adjudicated to Zhongxinfang’s plaintiffs.
      In the opinion of the management, ECL on other receivables is insignificant based on the credit risk assessment for
      the year ended December 31, 2021, taking into account the Group has first priority of claim over one of the assets
      under Pre-Litigation Preservation, which has estimated fair value exceeding the carry amount of the other receivable
      related to the Tax and Other Surcharge.




142     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




34. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
   The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
   in order to operate its mines, pursue the development of its mineral properties and to maintain a flexible capital
   structure which optimizes the costs of capital at an acceptable risk. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged
   from prior years.

   The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the borrowings and lease liabilities disclosed
   in notes 26 and 28 respectively, net of bank balance and cash, restricted bank deposits and equity attributable to
   owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital, retained profits and other reserves. The Group manages
   the capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of operating results, changes in economic conditions and
   the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may attempt
   to issue new shares, issue of new debt, redemption of existing debt.

   In order to facilitate the management of its capital requirements, the Group prepares annual expenditure budgets that
   are updated as necessary depending on various factors, including operating results, successful capital deployment and
   general industry conditions. The annual and updated budgets are approved by the board of directors of the Company.

   In order to maximize ongoing development efforts, the Group does not currently have a recurring dividend policy.
   The Group’s policy is to invest its short-term excess cash in fixed bank deposits with maturities of 90 days or less
   from the original date of acquisition, selected with regards to the expected timing of expenditures from its operations.

35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                      December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                             2021                  2020
                                                                                          US$'000               US$'000


   Financial assets
   Financial assets at amortised cost                                                      227,463                277,236
   Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                             28,958                 20,824


   Financial liabilities
   At amortised cost                                                                     1,180,138              1,495,501
   Lease liabilities                                                                         2,711                    477




                                                                                              Annual Report 2021      143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
      Financial assets at amortised cost as at December 31, 2021 and 2020 respectively are as follows:

                                                                                                    December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                           2021            2020
                                                                                                        US$'000         US$'000


      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           208,128       243,288
      Restricted bank balances                                                                              6,403         5,069
      Trade, bills and other receivables (1)                                                               12,932        28,503
      Amount due from a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary
        (included in prepaid expenses)                                                                          –           376


                                                                                                          227,463       277,236


      Financial liabilities at amortised cost as at December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

                                                                                                    December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                           2021            2020
                                                                                                        US$'000         US$'000


      Accounts and other payables (2)                                                                     209,579       270,452
      Borrowings
        – Loans, other than syndicated loan                                                               376,247       469,482
        – Syndicated loan                                                                                 594,312       724,915
      Entrusted loan payable                                                                                    –        30,652


                                                                                                        1,180,138      1,495,501


      (1)   Excluded VAT recoverables.
      (2)   Excluded mining cost accrual, other accruals, payroll and benefit payable and other tax payables.

      The Group’s financial instruments are exposed to certain financial risks including market risk (e.g. currency risk,
      interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.




144     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
   (a)   Currency risk
         The Group is exposed to the financial risk related to the fluctuation of foreign exchange rates for the monetary
         assets and liabilities denominated in the currencies other than the functional currencies to which they related.
         The Group has not hedged its exposure to currency fluctuations. However, the Management monitors foreign
         exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.

         At the end of each reporting period, Huatailong of which its functional currency is RMB, had US$ denominated
         intra-group borrowings from Skyland (BVI). The intra-group borrowing is approximately US$42,961,000 (2020:
         US$42,961,000) as at December 31, 2021.

         The Group is mainly exposed to exchange rate fluctuation of RMB and US$.

         RMB monetary assets and (liabilities)
                                                                                     December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                            2021                 2020
                                                                                         US$'000              US$'000


         Cash and cash equivalents                                                          41,961               15,508
         Restricted bank balances                                                            5,897                5,069
         Trade, bills and other receivables                                                    373                  352
         Accounts and other payables                                                       (40,934)             (38,108)
         Borrowings                                                                        (23,370)             (53,334)


                                                                                           (16,073)             (70,513)


         Based on the above net exposures, and assuming that all other variables remain constant, a 5% (2020: 5%)
         depreciation/appreciation of the RMB against the US$ would result in an increase/decrease in the Group’s
         profit for the year of approximately US$683,000 (2020: increase/decrease in the Group’s profit for the year of
         approximately US$2,644,000) for the year ended December 31, 2021.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2021     145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
      (a)   Currency risk (Cont’d)
            US$ monetary assets and (liabilities)
                                                                                          December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                 2021                  2020
                                                                                              US$'000               US$'000


            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 6                     13
            Inter-company loans                                                                 (42,961)               (42,961)
            Other payables                                                                     (146,851)              (140,725)


                                                                                               (189,806)              (183,673)


            Based on the above net exposures, and assuming that all other variables remain constant, a 5% (2020: 5%)
            depreciation/appreciation of the US$ against the RMB would result in an increase/decrease in the Group’s
            profit for the year of approximately US$8,636,000 (2020: increase/decrease in the Group’s profit for the year
            of approximately US$8,357,000) for the year ended December 31, 2021.

            In the Management’s opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange risk
            as the year end exposure does not reflect the exposure during the year.

      (b) Interest rate risk
            Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value in relation to bank balances, borrowings, entrusted loan payable,
            loans payable to a CNG subsidiary and lease liabilities with total net carrying amounts of US$324,062,000
            (2020: US$394,998,000) bearing fixed interest rate or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
            because of changes in market interest rates. The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk on the variable
            rate bank balances and variable-rate bank borrowings (see note 26 for details of these borrowings).

            Sensitivity analysis
            The following analysis is prepared assuming the variable rate bank balances and borrowings outstanding at the
            end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year and all other variables were held constant. A 25
            basis point (2020: 25 basis points) increase or decrease is used when reporting interest rate risk internally to
            key management personnel and represents the Management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change
            in interest rates.

            The analysis below reflects the sensitivity that the interest rate may be higher/lower by 25 basis points (2020:
            25 basis points).




146    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
   (b) Interest rate risk (Cont’d)
         Sensitivity analysis (Cont’d)
                                                                                      Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                    December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                            2021                 2020
                                                                                        US$'000              US$'000


         25 basis points (2020: 25 basis points) higher
           – decrease in profit (2020: decrease in profit) for the year                      (758)               (1,070)
           – addition in finance costs capitalised                                             76                    28


         25 basis points (2020: 25 basis points) lower
           – increase in profit (2020: increase in profit) for the year                       758                 1,070
           – reduction in finance costs capitalised                                           (76)                  (28)


         The Group monitors interest rate exposure and will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should
         the need arise.

   (c)   Other price risk
         The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in equity securities listed in Hong Kong.
         The Group’s equity price risk is mainly concentrated on equity instruments operating in the mining industry
         sector quoted on the Stock Exchange. In addition, the Group also invested in unquoted equity securities for
         an investee operating in the chemical and public utility industries for long term strategic purposes which had
         been designated as FVTOCI. The Group has formed a team led by the Chief Financial Officer to monitor the
         price risk and will consider hedging the risk exposure should the need arise.

         Sensitivity analysis
         The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risk at the
         reporting date. No sensitivity analysis is presented for unlisted investments as the directors of the Company
         consider the amounts of unlisted investments to be insignificant. If the prices of the respective listed equity
         instruments had been 10% (2020: 10%) higher/lower, investments revaluation reserve would increase/decrease
         by US$2,804,000(2020: increase/decrease by US$2,002,000) for the Group as a result of the changes in fair
         value of listed investment at FVTOCI (2020: investment at FVTOCI).




                                                                                            Annual Report 2021     147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
      (d) Credit risk and impairment assessment
          Credit risk is the risk of an unexpected loss if a customer or third party to a financial asset fails to meet its
          contractual obligations. The Group sold approximately 100% (2020: 100%) of its gold to one creditworthy
          customer, CNG, and approximately 65% (2020: 28%) of its copper and other by-product to CNG subsidiaries
          for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Group sold 23% (2020: 43%) of its copper and other by-product
          to third-party customers that represent 10% (2020: 10%) or more of the Group’s revenue for the year ended
          December 31, 2021. The failure of these customers to make required payments could have a negative impact
          on the Group’s results. The Group manages this risk by demanding upfront payment for sales of copper and
          other by-products and has set up monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken for timely
          settlement of receivables from CNG, the CNG subsidiary and third-party customers. The Group reviews the
          recoverable amount of each individual trade debt at the end of the reporting period to ensure the adequate
          impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessments
          using the ECL model on trade balances individually. In this regard, Management considers the Group’s credit
          risk is significantly reduced. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

          The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL on trade receivables as permitted and prescribed
          by IFRS 9.

          The Management assessed the ECL on trade receivables individually. Based on the historical experience of
          the Group, these trade receivables are generally recoverable due to the long term/on-going relationship and
          good repayment record.

          As at December 31, 2021, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate carrying
          amount of US$169,000 (2020: US$264,000) which are past due over 90 days as at the reporting date. The
          directors of the Company are of the opinion that no default has occurred for the past due balances and the
          balances are still considered fully recoverable due to long-term/on-going relationships and good repayment
          records from these customers.

          Movement in the allowance for credit losses of trade receivables:

                                                                                       December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                              2021                  2020
                                                                                           US$'000               US$'000


          At January 1                                                                           119                     78
          Allowance for credit losses                                                             41                     34
          Exchange realignment                                                                     3                      7


          At December 31                                                                         163                   119


          In order to minimise the credit risk on bills received from customers, the Group will only accept bills issued
          by certain licensed banks. Before accepting any bills from customers, the Group will verify the validity of each
          bill. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk associated with its bills
          receivable is limited.




148    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
   (d) Credit risk and impairment assessment (Cont’d)
         The Group was also exposed to credit risk on amount due from related parties and other receivables. The
         Management periodically monitors the financial position of each of the related companies to ensure each
         related company is financially viable to settle the amount due to the Group. The Management makes individual
         assessment on the recoverability of other receivables based on historical settlement records and past experience.
         The directors of the Company believe that there is no material credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding
         balance of other receivables except the receivable of the Tax and Other Surcharge, of which the impairment
         assessment has been disclosed in note 33.

         The Group’s cash and short-term bank deposits are held in large PRC and Canadian financial institutions,
         where the credit risks on cash and short-term bank deposits are limited.

         The Group had concentration of credit risk by geographical locations as the financial assets at amortised cost
         comprise various debtors which are located either in the PRC or Canada for the years ended December 31,
         2021 and 2020.

         Other than the concentration of the credit risk on bank balances and accounts receivable, the Group does not
         have any other significant concentration of credit risk.

   (e)   Liquidity risk
         The Group operates in a capital intensive industry. The Group’s liquidity requirements arise principally from
         the need for financing the expansion of its mining and processing operations.

         Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The
         Group manages liquidity risk through the management of its capital structure and financial leverage as outlined
         in note 34.

         The Group manages its liquidity primarily through maintaining an adequate level of cash and cash equivalents
         and borrowings.

         In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
         deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in
         cash flows. The Management monitors the utilisation of borrowings and ensures compliance with loan covenants.

         The Group relies on borrowings as a significant source of liquidity, details of which are set out in note 26.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2021      149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
      (e)   Liquidity risk (Cont’d)
            The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturities for its financial liabilities. The table is
            based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group
            can be required to satisfy the liabilities.

            To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate at the
            end of the reporting period:

                                             Weighted     On demand                                              Total
                                               average      or within     1–2        2–5         Over 5   undiscounted     Carrying
                                          interest rate        1 year     years      years        years      cash flow      amount
                                                     %      US$'000     US$'000    US$'000      US$'000       US$'000      US$'000


            At December 31, 2021
            Accounts and other payables                      209,579          –          –            –        209,579     209,579
            Borrowings                            2.86        99,031    429,176    232,256      290,016      1,050,479     970,559
            Lease liabilities                     4.76           660        663      1,758            –          3,081       2,711


                                                             309,270    429,839    234,014      290,016      1,263,139    1,182,849


                                             Weighted     On demand                                               Total
                                               average      or within     1–2        2–5         Over 5   undiscounted     Carrying
                                          interest rate        1 year     years      years        years      cash flow      amount
                                                     %      US$'000     US$'000    US$'000      US$'000       US$'000      US$'000


            At December 31, 2020
            Accounts and other payables              –       270,452          –          –            –        270,452      270,452
            Borrowings                            2.51       163,207    137,636    561,403      458,473      1,320,719    1,194,397
            Entrusted loan payable                2.75           857        904     30,699            –         32,460       30,652
            Lease liabilities                     5.24           116        119        265            –            500          447


                                                             434,632    138,659    592,367      458,473      1,624,131    1,495,948




150    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
   (f)   Fair value
         Equity instruments at FVTOCI – listed equity securities and equity instruments at FVTOCI – unlisted equity
         securities which are measured at fair value based on the quoted bid price in an active market (Level 1) and the
         discounted cash flow model are considered insignificant respectively. The fair values of other financial assets
         and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost are determined in accordance with generally accepted
         pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis.

         The Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised
         cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values. There was no transfer amongst 1,
         2 and 3 in the current and prior years.

36. COMMITMENTS
                                                                                     December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                            2021                  2020
                                                                                         US$’000               US$’000


   Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of property, plant and
     equipment in the consolidated financial statements
     – contracted but not provided for                                                      13,472                35,966


37. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
   The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries are members of a state-managed retirement benefits scheme operated by
   the PRC government. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of payroll cost to the retirement
   benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefits scheme
   is to make the specified contributions.

   The total cost charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of approximately
   US$6,895,000 and US$3,353,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, represent
   contributions payable to the scheme by the Group.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2021      151
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




38. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      The table below details changes in the Group’ liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and
      non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash
      flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                                  Entrusted loan             Lease           Dividend
                                                                 Borrowings              payable         liabilities         payables
                                                                   US$’000              US$’000           US$’000            US$’000
                                                                  (note 26)            (note 27)         (note 28)


      At January 1, 2021                                         1,194,397                30,652               447                  –
      Financing cash flows                                        (228,003)              (30,592)             (119)           (48,829)
      Dividend declared                                                  –                     –                 –             48,361
      New leases entered                                                 –                     –             2,352                  –
      Exchange difference arising on translation                    17,235                   (60)                –                  –
      Unrealised foreign exchange loss, net                            881                     –                 –                846
      Interest expenses                                              1,365                     –                31                  –
      Bills receivables accepted (note 32(a))                      (15,316)                    –                 –                  –
      Others1                                                            –                     –                 –               (378)


      At December 31, 2021                                          970,559                      –           2,711                   –

      1
             During the year ended December 31, 2021, dividend paid to a non-controlling shareholder amounting to US$378,000 was offset
             with amount from a non-controlling shareholder included in other prepayment and deposits.

                                                                                 Entrusted loan              Lease           Dividend
                                                                 Borrowings             payable           liabilities        payables
                                                                   US$’000             US$’000            US$’000            US$’000
                                                                  (note 26)           (note 27)          (note 28)


      At January 1, 2020                                         1,215,101                28,669               533                  –
      Financing cash flows                                         (71,179)                    –              (102)              (355)
      Dividend declared                                                  –                     –                 –                355
      Exchange difference arising on translation                    52,789                 1,983                 –                  –
      Unrealised foreign exchange loss, net                          3,782                     –                 –                  –
      Interest expenses                                             (6,096)                    –                16                  –


      At December 31, 2020                                       1,194,397                30,652               447                   –




152       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




39. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES
   Details of the Company’s subsidiaries at December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

                                 Place and date                   Issued and fully            Equity interest
                                 of incorporation/                paid share capital/   attributable to the Group
   Name of subsidiaries          establishment                    registered capital       as at December 31,         Principal activities
                                                                                              2021             2020


   Pacific PGM Inc.              British Virgin Islands (“BVI”)   US$100                   100%              100%     Investment holding
                                    May 17, 2001


   Pacific PGM (Barbados)        Barbados September 6, 2007 US$250,000                     100%              100%     Investment holding
     Inc.


   IMP(1)                        PRC April 29, 2002               US$45,000,000            96.5%            96.5%     Engaged in exploration and
                                                                                                                        development of mining
                                                                                                                        properties in China


   Skyland Mining Limited        Barbados October 6, 2004         US$233,380,700 plus      100%              100%     Investment holding
                                                                    RMB1,510,549,032


   Jia Ertong(1)                 PRC October 31, 2003             US$273,920,000           100%              100%     Exploration, development
                                                                                                                         and mining of mineral
                                                                                                                         properties and investment
                                                                                                                         holding


   Huatailong(1)                 PRC January 11, 2007             RMB1,760,000,000         100%              100%     Exploration, development
                                                                                                                         and mining of mineral
                                                                                                                         properties


   Jiama Industry and Trade(1)   PRC December 1, 2011             RMB5,000,000               51%              51%     Mining logistics and
                                                                                                                        transport business


   Skyland (BVI)                 BVI October 26, 2010             US$1                     100%              100%     Issue of bonds

   (1)      Domestic limited liability company.

   None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year except for Skyland (BVI), which has
   issued listed bonds of US$300 million (2020: US$300 million) as at December 31, 2021. Other than Pacific PGM
   Inc., Pacific PGM (Barbados) Inc. and Skyland (BVI) which are directly held by the Company, all other subsidiaries
   listed above are indirectly held under the Group.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2021             153
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                        December 31,   December 31,
                                                               2021           2020
                                                            US$’000        US$’000

      Current assets
      Cash and cash equivalents                               3,528           5,094
      Other receivables                                       1,030           1,034
      Prepaid expenses and deposits                              77              90
      Loan receivables from subsidiaries                     35,197               –
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                          28,508               –

                                                             68,340           6,218

      Non-current assets
      Right-of-use assets                                       330            438
      Property, plant and equipment                               2              5
      Loan receivables from subsidiaries                          –         67,347
      Equity instruments at FVTOCI                           28,041         20,015
      Investments in subsidiaries                           987,066        987,066
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                               –         40,998

                                                          1,015,439       1,115,869

      Total assets                                        1,083,779       1,122,087

      Current liabilities
      Other payable and accrued expenses                      4,102           3,263
      Lease liabilities                                         104              95

                                                              4,206           3,358

      Net current assets                                     64,134           2,860

      Total assets less current liabilities               1,079,573       1,118,729

      Non-current liabilities
      Lease liabilities                                         246            352
      Deferred income                                            19             19

                                                                265            371

      Total liabilities                                       4,471           3,729

      Owners’ equity
      Share capital (note 31)                             1,229,061       1,229,061
      Reserves (note 41)                                     10,826           2,800
      Accumulated losses (note 41)                         (160,579)       (113,503)

      Total owners’ equity                                1,079,308       1,118,358

      Total liabilities and owners’ equity                1,083,779       1,122,087




154     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021




41. RESERVES AND DEFICITS OF THE COMPANY
                                                                         Accumulated
                                                       Reserves               losses              Total
                                                       US$’000              US$’000            US$’000


   At January 1, 2020                                     (730)             (111,321)         (112,051)


   Loss for the year                                         –                (2,182)              (2,182)
   Fair value gain on equity instruments at FVTOCI       3,530                     –                3,530


   Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year     3,530                (2,182)              1,348


   At December 31, 2020                                  2,800              (113,503)         (110,703)


   Profit for the year                                       –                  494                  494
   Fair value gain on equity instruments at FVTOCI       8,026                    –                8,026


   Total comprehensive income for the year               8,026                  494                8,520


   Dividends distribution                                    –               (47,570)          (47,570)


   At December 31, 2021                                 10,826              (160,579)         (149,753)




                                                                              Annual Report 2021     155
FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY



The consolidated results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from the
audited financial statements are as follows:

                                                                Year ended December 31
                                         2021               2020              2019             2018               2017
                                       US$’000            US$’000           US$’000          US$’000            US$’000


RESULTS
Revenue                              1,137,356            864,032           657,459           570,570           411,881


Profit (loss) attributable to
  owners of the Company                267,361            111,962           (32,837)           (4,837)           63,146


                                                                      At December 31
                                         2021               2020              2019             2018               2017
                                       US$’000            US$’000           US$’000          US$’000            US$’000


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Total assets                         3,257,043           3,322,642         3,197,130        3,215,895         3,230,444
Total liabilities                   (1,423,651)         (1,727,173)       (1,746,463)      (1,726,657)       (1,720,460)


Net assets                           1,833,392          1,595,469         1,450,667         1,489,238         1,509,984


Equity attributable to owners
  of the Company                     1,815,922          1,578,522         1,435,337         1,474,433         1,495,336
Non-controlling interests               17,470             16,947            15,330            14,805            14,648


Total owners’ equity                 1,833,392          1,595,469         1,450,667         1,489,238         1,509,984




156     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                         (Incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)
                         HK Stock Exchange Stock Code: 2099
                         Toronto Stock Exchange Stock Code: CGG




                     2021
                     Annual Report




2021 Annual Report
