                     2018
                     ANNUAL REPORT




2018 Annual Report
                                     (Incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)
                                     HK Stock Exchange Stock Code: 2099
                                     Toronto Stock Exchange Stock Code: CGG
                                                           COMPANY HIGHLIGHTS
         THE COMPANY
         Overview
         China Gold International Resources Corp Ltd. (“China Gold International” or “The Company”)
         and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) is a gold and base metal mining
         company based in Vancouver, Canada. The Company’s main business involves the operation,
         acquisition, development and exploration of gold and base metal mineral properties. The
         Company’s principal mining operation are the Chang Shan Hao Gold Mine (“CSH Gold Mine”
         or “CSH Mine” or “CSH”), located in Inner Mongolia, China and the Jiama Copper-Gold
         Polymetallic Mine (“Jiama Mine” or “Jiama”), located in Tibet, China. China Gold International
         holds a 96.5% interest in the CSH Gold Mine, while its Chinese joint venture (“CJV”) partner
         holds the remaining 3.5% interest. China Gold International began its trial gold production at
         the CSH Gold Mine in July 2007 and commercial production commenced on July 1, 2008. The
         Company acquired 100% interest in the Jiama Mine on December 1, 2010. Jiama hosts a large
         scale copper-gold polymetallic deposit consisting of copper, gold, molybdenum, silver, lead and
         zinc. The Jiama Mine commenced commercial production in September 2010.

         The Company has adopted a growth strategy focused on strategic acquisitions sourced from
         the international project pipeline of its principal shareholder China National Gold Group Co.,
         Ltd. (formerly known as China National Gold Group Corporation) (“China National Gold”)
         and developing potential partnerships with other senior and junior mining companies. The
         Company also contemplates expanding resources and reserves at its existing properties through
         exploration programs.


JIAMA MINE




                                                                               Annual Report 2018     1
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN



                                             XIN SONG
                                             Chairman of the Board
                                             Executive Director




                              There is an old saying in China: make the plans for the year in spring. Spring is a time
                              of renewal and is also the best time to summarize our past and look to the future.

                              In 2018, the world faced challenging uncertainties and the global market changed
                              rapidly. We adhered to the principle of sustaining growth through steady progress and
                              outstanding performance. Our response to these changing times was to promote the
                              company’s high-quality development and accelerate internationalization through a higher
                              standard of social responsibility.

                              We grew production and focused on quality assurance. Safe and profitable production is
                              the foundation of our value-added mine sites. We attach great importance to corporate
                              social responsibility and ecological protection. Green development and harmonious
                              communities are our consistent development objectives.

                              For many years our mines have been widely praised and recognized for our green
                              initiatives by the local residents and various levels of government. We have gained an
                              excellent reputation through our year after year significant investments in education,
                              environmental protection research and community public welfare. We care about our
                              employees, adhere to a diverse and considerate management style, provide employees
                              with excellent working environment, balanced working atmosphere and comfortable living
                              conditions. Our practices stimulate a strong sense of belonging among employees and
                              greatly enhance team spirit, work ethic and a resulting efficiency.

2   China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                     MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN



In 2018, the company successfully entered the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect and was selected into the Hang
Seng Index, realizing trading on three main boards being the Toronto Stock Exchange, Shenzhen Stock Exchange and
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. This highlights the company’s standing as a strong international capital operation.
We believe this is an important milestone in the company’s development and has greatly enhanced our position in the
global capital market.

Our development can’t be separated from the support and assistance of our shareholders, directors, consultants,
experts, contractors and suppliers. With the development of the company in 2019, in your consistent support and trust,
we will try our best to make further progress. We express our heartfelt gratitude and most sincere respect to you!




Sincerely,

Xin Song
Chairman of the Board, Executive Director




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018     3
MESSAGE FROM THE CEO




                                       LIANGYOU JIANG
                                       Chief Executive Officer,
                                       Executive Director




                              Dear friends,

                              Hello everyone!

                              We bid farewell to 2018 with full of challenges and steady development.

                              In 2018, we overcame significant foreign exchange fluctuations, saw a decrease in
                              product prices and achieved profitability in mine operations for the 11th consecutive
                              year. The Company also almost reached a pre-tax net profit, which was adversely
                              effected by the depreciation of RMB exchange rates causing a realized foreign exchange
                              loss of US$15.82 million. The Jiama Mine’s Phase II expansion achieved full commercial
                              production, which resulted in copper production reaching a record high and production
                              capacity to continually increase. The CSH Mine completed the optimization of pit wall
                              slope parameters, achieving pit wall stabilization and sustainable development. The CSH
                              Mine is currently working on a study of inferred resources development.

                              We enter 2019 with hope and progress.




4   China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                MESSAGE FROM THE CEO



In 2019, we will continue to put more effort on production and operation at our Jiama Mine and CSH Mine. We will
continue to improve the efficiency of our equipment and increase our recovery rate, maintaining the year-on-year growth
of performance through increased production capacity records of copper. We will strengthen our efforts on resource
exploration and environmental protection at the two mines and fully promote the sustainable development of the
company. We are hopeful and optimistic about potential M&A opportunities. We will carefully evaluate potential projects
and strive to inject new assets as soon as possible.

Thanks to the support of shareholders and directors! Thanks to all the members of the team for their contribution!
With your strong support, and with the hard work and dedication of all employees, we will continue to move forward by
successfully completing the goals of 2019 and creating better all around performance.

Thank you all!




Sincerely,

LIANGYOU JIANG
Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director




                                                                                              Annual Report 2018     5
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Xin Song
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Mr. Song, age 56, was elected as Chairman of the Board in February 2014 having joined the Company in October
2009. From October 2009 to February 2014, Mr. Song served as the Chief Executive Officer and was responsible for
the Company’s strategic planning and business operations. He also serves as an Executive Director from October 2009
to present. Mr. Song was elected as the first President of the China Committee of the World Gold Council in September
2018. He also serves as President of the Third Council of China Gold Associate from 2014 to present. Since January
2017 to present, Mr Song has served as Chairman of China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. (“China National Gold”), the
Company’s principal shareholder. Mr. Song previously served as the President of China National Gold from December
2013 to January 2017. From 2003 to December 2013, Mr. Song served as Vice President of China National Gold, where
he was responsible for resources development, geological exploration and international operations. Mr. Song has served
as a Director of China National Gold Group Hong Kong Limited (“China Gold Hong Kong”), since March 2008. He was
elected as Chairman and Corporate Representative of China Gold Hong Kong from February 2014 to present. Mr. Song
served as Chairman of the Board of Skyland Mining Limited (“Skyland”) from April 2008 to May 2015 and served as
the Chairman of the Board of Tibet Jia Ertong Mining Development Co., Ltd. (“Tibet Jia Ertong”) from April 2008 to
February 2014. Mr. Song served as the Chairman of the Board of Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co., Ltd. (“Tibet
Huatailong”) from October 2007 to June 2010. Mr. Song serves as Chairman of the Board of Zhongjin Gold Corporation
Limited, a public company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, since February 2014, for which he served as a
Director from March 2007 to February 2014 and Chairman of the Board from September 2003 to March 2007. Mr.
Song serves as a Director of China Gold Hong Kong Holding Corp. Limited (“China Gold Hong Kong Holding”), since
August 2011. He serves as a Director of Mundoro Mining Inc. (“Mundoro”), a private British Columbia based junior
natural resource company, since October 2011.

Mr. Song holds a Ph.D. doctorate degree in resources economics and management from the University of Science and
Technology Beijing, a Master’s degree in business administration from the China Europe International Business School,
a Master’s degree in mining engineering from the University of Science and Technology Beijing and a Bachelor’s Degree
in mineral processing engineering from the Central South Institute of Mining and Metallurgy.




6   China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                          BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Liangyou Jiang
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Mr. Jiang, age 53, has served as an Executive Director of the Company since October 2014 to present. In November
2018, he was promoted to Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Jiang was elected as Vice President of China National Gold since
July 2018. He was also elected as Executive Vice President of China Gold Hong Kong from October 2018 to present.
Mr. Jiang was elected as Senior Executive Vice President of the Company from August 2014 to November 2018 and has
served as a manager of Oversea Operation Department of China National Gold from December 2015 to July 2018. Mr.
Jiang joined the Company in August 2010 as the General Manager of Tibet Huatailong, and served as the Chairman of
Tibet Huatailong from February 2012 to August 2014. Mr. Jiang serves as Chairman of Zhongji Mining since May 2015
up to present. He serves as General Manager of China Gold Hong Kong Buchuk Mining Company (“Buchuk”) since
2015 to present. He has also served as Chairman of Buchuk since October 2017 to present. He served as Director of
Guizhou Jingfeng Mining Ltd. from August 2016 to August 2018. He serves as Chairman of Sino Mining Guizhou Pty
from June 2017 up to present. He also serves as Chairman of Soremi Investments Ltd. since January 2018.

Mr. Jiang serves as Chairman of Kichi Chaarat Closed Joint Stock Company since January 2018 to present.

Mr. Jiang has served as a director of Tibet Jia Ertong since August 2014, has served as a director of Skyland since
October 2014. Mr. Jiang has served as the director of China Gold Hong Kong Holding and Mundoro since January 2015
and August 2014 respectively. From September 2007, Mr. Jiang has served as the Head of Engineering Management
Division of the Investment Management Department of China National Gold. Prior to joining China National Gold’s
headquarters, Mr. Jiang served as a General Manager of China Kazakhstan Mining Corp. Ltd., a subsidiary of China
National Gold. From August 1987 to March 2005, Mr. Jiang worked at Changchun Gold Design Institute Co. Ltd. (the
“Design Institute”). He was appointed as a Chief Engineer of the Design Institute in February 2000 and then as Vice
President and Chief Engineer of the Design Institute since April 2002. Mr. Jiang won more than 20 provincial-level
scientific and technological achievement awards and numerous honorary titles from various agencies. In 2005, Mr.
Jiang was awarded the special allowance by the State Council.

Mr. Jiang is a Senior Professional Engineer, holds a Bachelor’s Degree in mineral processing from Northeastern
University.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018     7
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Yongqing Teng
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Mr. Teng, age 51, was elected as a Non-Executive Director of the Company since November 2018. Mr. Teng currently
serves as Vice President of China Gold Hong Kong from October 2018 to present. Mr. Teng also serves as Director for
Sichuan Gold Industry Administration Bureau and Chairman of Sichuan General Investment Co., Ltd. from November
2015 to present. Mr. Teng serves as Executive Director and General Manager of China Gold Group Sichuan Co., Ltd
from October 2017 to present. Mr. Teng served as Manager of China Gold Group Sichuan Co., Ltd. from November
2015 to October 2017.

Mr. Teng was appointed as Tibet Huatailong’s General Manager from February 2012 to August 2014. He served as
Chairman of Tibet Huatailong from August 2014 to November 2015. He joined Tibet Huatailong in August 2010 where
he served as Executive Deputy General Manager until February 2012.

Mr. Teng previously served as General Manager of Sichuan Pingwu Zhongjin Mining Co., Ltd. from December 2006 to
August 2010. He also served as Deputy Department Director of Development Department of Hubei Sanxin Gold Copper
Limited Company (“Hubei Sanxin”) from September 2006. He was subsequently promoted to Director of Development
Department of Hubei Sanxin.

Mr. Teng has almost 30 years working experience in mining and corporate governance.

Fuzhen Kang
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Ms. Kang, age 32, was elected as a Non-Executive Director of the Company since November 2018. Ms. Kang joined
Tibet Huatailong in July 2008, she currently serves as a Manager of The First Ore Processing Plant of Tibet Huatailong
where her major responsibilities are community relationship coordination and communications.

Ms. Kang holds a bachelor’s degree in Environmental Science from the Tibet University.

Xiangdong Jiang
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Mr. Jiang, age 60, currently serves as a Non-Executive Director since March 2017. Mr. Jiang served as an Executive
Director from June 2010 to March 2017 and Vice President of Production from March 2009 to March 2017. Mr. Jiang
joined the Company in July 2002 as a manager in charge of projects in China and was responsible for the supervision of
all exploration projects including the establishment of the gold exploration and drilling program at the Company’s Chang
Shan Hao gold project located in Inner Mongolia, China (the “CSH Gold Mine”). Mr. Jiang served as Vice President
of Business Development of the Company from May 2004 to September 2008 and was, during this time, primarily
responsible for undertaking property review and evaluation and exploring business opportunities for the Company. Mr.
Jiang served as Vice President of Production and Technology from September 2008 to March 2009 and was promoted
to Vice President of Production on March 24, 2009. Mr. Jiang has served as a director of Inner Mongolia Pacific Mining
Co. Ltd. (“Inner Mongolia Pacific”), from September 2008 to September 2017, which operates the Company’s CSH Gold
Mine and as General Manager of the CSH Gold Mine from August 2007 to September 2017.




8   China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                          BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Mr. Jiang has over 35 years of experience in the mining industry. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Jiang worked on
projects ranging from grass roots to bankable feasibility studies for global mining companies including Cyprus Amax
Minerals, Placer Dome, Barrick Resources and First Quantum Minerals.

Mr. Jiang holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Geology and Mineral Exploration from Changchun College of Geology.

Ian He
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Mr. He, age 57, joined the Company in May 2000 as a Non-Executive Director and serves as an Independent Director.

Mr. He’s career in the mining industry has spanned over 30 years, with extensive senior executive and board
experience. Mr. He is a Director and Non-Executive Chairman of Vatukoula Gold Mines Plc, formerly listed on the
London Stock Exchange Alternative Investment Market; an Independent Non-Executive Director of SouthGobi Resources
Corp., a company dually listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”); a Director and President of Tri-River Ventures Inc., listed on the TSX Venture Exchange
(the “TSX-V”) in Canada. Mr. He also served as a former Director on the Boards of Directors of following companies:
Zhongrun Resources Investment Corporation, listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange; Dolly Varden Silver Corp., listed on
the TSX-V; Huaxing Machinery Corp., listed on listed on the TSX-V. In addition to being a former Director and President
of Spur Ventures Inc. (now called Atlantic Gold Corp.), listed on the TSX-V, Mr. He was also the General Manager of its
operation subsidiary Yichang Mapleleaf Chemicals Inc. In his early career, Mr. He worked as a mineral process engineer
and coal preparation engineer in a Canadian mining company and an engineering consulting company.

Mr. He obtained his Doctoral and Master’s degrees in mineral process engineering from the University of British
Columbia in Canada and his Bachelor Degree in coal preparation from Heilongjiang Institute of Mining and Technology
(currently known as the Heilongjiang University of Technology) in China. Mr. He is a member of the Canadian Institute
of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum and the Canadian Institute of Corporate Directors.

Yunfei Chen
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Mr. Chen, age 47, joined the Company in May 2008 as a Non-Executive Director and serves as an Independent
Director. Mr. Chen is based in Hong Kong where he carries out his own private business. Mr. Chen is currently the
Independent Director of Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited; a Hong Kong listed Chinese auto company since
October 2013. Previously, Mr. Chen served as the board chairman of Asia Coal Limited, a company listed in Hong Kong
from October 2010 to June 2011, and worked for Deutsche Bank Hong Kong from July 2001 to August 2007, where he
served as a director and managing director in charge of general industries and mining for Asia at various times. Prior
to joining Deutsche Bank, Mr. Chen was an attorney with Sullivan & Cromwell based in New York and Hong Kong, from
March 1997 to July 2001.

Mr. Chen graduated from Southern Illinois University, United States, with a juris doctor degree. Mr. Chen obtained his
bachelor of law degree from Wuhan University, China and is qualified to practice law in New York.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2018     9
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Gregory Hall
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Mr. Hall, age 69, joined the Company in October 2009 as a Non-Executive Director and serves as an Independent
Director. Mr. Hall is a seasoned geologist with over 40 years of experience in the mining industry and has extensive
experience working with global mining companies. In his career, Mr. Hall has been involved in the discoveries of Gold’s
Field’s Granny Smith and Wallaby gold mines and Rio Tinto’s Yandicoogina iron ore mine in Western Australia. Mr. Hall
serves as a director of Montero Mining and Exploration Limited, a public company listed on the TSX Venture Exchange,
since January 2010, as a director of Zeus Resources Ltd., a public company listed on the Australian Stock Exchange
since August 2010 and as a director of Dateline Resources a public company listed on the Australian Stock Exchange
since January 2015 and is chairman of Great Boulder Resources since April 2017, a public company which listed on
the Australian Stock Exchange in November 2017. Mr. Hall serves as a director of three private companies including
Oryx Mining and Exploration Limited, Central Exploration Limited and Golden Phoenix International Pty. Ltd. From 2000
to 2006, Mr. Hall served as Chief Geologist of the Placer Dome Group.

Mr. Hall holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Applied Geology from the University of New South Wales, Australia in
1973.

John King Burns
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Mr. Burns, age 68, joined the Company in October 2009 as a Non-Executive Director and serves as an Independent
Director. Mr. Burns has extensive experience in the global resource sector. Mr. Burns serves as Chairman and Lead
Director of Jaxon Mining Corp., a public company listed on the TSX-V, since May 2017; and as independent Director
and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Simba Essel Energy Inc., a public company listed on the TSX-V, since
September 2009. Mr. Burns also serves as an advisor to Potomac Asset Management, and as an advisor to and/
or on the boards of a number of other private, exploration and production, software, process technology and fund
management companies in the natural resources, energy and technology industries.

Mr. Burns has previously served as Chairman and Lead Director of Northern Orion Resources Ltd. (sold to Yamana);
as Chairman & Lead Director of Athabasca Potash Inc. (sold to BHP); as an Independent Director and Chairman of
Dolly Varden Silver Ltd; as Chairman and Lead Director of Emgold Mining Corp,. Inc.; as Chairman and Director of
Corazon Gold Corp; as Managing Director and as an Associated Person of FRM Risk Management Inc., a Chicago
based Commodities Trading Advisor; as Managing Director of Frontier Resources Management LLC; as Chairman and
Independent Director of NovaDX Ventures; and as a Director of NuCoal Energy Corporation. Mr. Burns has also served
as an Independent Director of Hunter Energy LLC, a private oil and gas company and as the Senior Advisor to Western
Potash Corp.

Mr. Burns previously served as the Global Head and Managing Director of the Derivative Trading and Structured
Finance Group at Barclays Metals London, a unit of Barclays Bank PLC, London England (1991 – 1997). Mr. Burns
also previously served as Vice President, Senior Risk Manager and CFO of the Drexel Global Commodities Group at
Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., New York and London (1981 – 1990) and involved with the origination, funding and risk
management of the global portfolio of commodity and resource trading assets held by the Drexel Commodities Group
and Drexel Burnham Lambert Trade Finance Ltd., New York and London.

Mr. Burns holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree in economics from the University of Pennsylvania.




10    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                           BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Jerry Xie
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CORPORATE SECRETARY
Mr. Xie, age 58, joined the Company in March 2009 and serves as Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary.
Mr. Xie is responsible for overseeing corporate secretarial matters and managing compliance and manages the daily
operations at the Company’s Vancouver office, he plays an important role in business development, project evaluation,
investor relations, public relations. Mr. Xie served as Vice President and Secretary to the Board of the Company from
March 2009 to October 2009 at which time he was promoted to Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary.
After joining the Company, Mr. Xie was involved in the Company’s HK IPO process, evaluation of the Company’s Jiama
polymetallic mineral property located in Tibet, China (the “Jiama Mine”), merger and acquisitions and bond issuance.
Mr. Xie has over 30 years of experience of Engineering and Project Management in the petro-chemical and oil-sand
industry and mining industry. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Xie worked as Project Manager, Project Engineer and
a Senior Piping Stress Analyst for LPEC/SINOPEC, Fluor, Bantrel, Tri-Ocean and WorleyParsons Canada Ltd., resource
and energy engineering companies in China and Canada, from February 1982 to March 2009.

Mr. Xie holds a Master’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Calgary, a Master’s Degree in Mining
Engineering from the Beijing University of Science & Technology and a diploma from the Mechanical Department of
Shanghai Institute of Chemical Industry. Mr. Xie is a Professional Engineer with Association of Professional Engineers
and Geoscientists of Alberta.

Derrick Zhang
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Mr. Zhang, age 49, joined the Company in January 2010 and serves as Chief Financial Officer responsible for financing,
internal control and the planning and management of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting, since August
2011. Mr. Zhang served as interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company from February 2011 to August 2011 and
served as Controller of the Company from January 2010 to February 2011. Mr. Zhang has over 27 years of experience
in financial reporting and engineering for public and private companies including experience leading financial reporting
for mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Zhang was a Financial and Accounting Supervisor and Cost Accountant for E-One
Moli Energy (Canada) Ltd., an operating subsidiary of China Synthetic Rubber Corporation, a public company listed on
the Taiwan Stock Exchange, from May 2008 to December 2009 and September 2006 to November 2007, respectively.
Mr. Zhang was a Financial Analyst for Teleflex (Canada) Ltd., an operating subsidiary of Teleflex Incorporated, a public
company listed on the New York Stock Exchange, from November 2007 to April 2008. Mr. Zhang was an accountant
with Docuport Inc., a private technology company, from May 2005 to May 2006. From 1991 to 2001, Mr. Zhang worked
as a Mining and Construction Cost Engineer in China and Singapore.

Mr. Zhang is a member of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada (CPA) and a member of the Association of
Chartered Certified Accountants in the United Kingdom (ACCA). Mr. Zhang is also a Member of the Society of Economic
Geologists in the United States. Mr. Zhang is a certified Merger and Acquisition Specialist (CMAS) from the Chartered
Institute of Management Consultants in the United States. Mr. Zhang holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree distinction
with a major in Accountancy from Concordia University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada and a Bachelor of Engineering
degree (honors) in Geology from Southwest University of Science and Technology in China.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018      11
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Lisheng Zhang
VICE PRESIDENT
Mr. Zhang, age 58, serves as the Vice President responsible for overseeing overall management of the Company’s CSH
Gold Mine, from March 2013 to present. He was appointed as Vice President of China Gold Hong Kong since October
2018. Mr. Zhang joined the Company in September 2008 as a Chairman of Inner Mongolia Pacific, a subsidiary of
the Company, which owns and operates CSH Gold Mine. Mr. Zhang serves as an executive officer of two large mining
companies which are subsidiaries of China National Gold, since 1995. Mr. Zhang has over 35 years of experience in
the mining industry. Mr. Zhang’s knowledge of local culture of Inner Mongolia and his working experience contributed
to the rapid and sustainable development of CSH Gold Mine.

Shiliang Guan
VICE PRESIDENT
Mr. Guan, age 51, was appointed as the Vice President of the Company in September 2016. Mr. Guan joined the
Company in November 2015 becoming Chairman of the Board of Tibet Huatailong. Mr. Guan started his career in
1991 and has over 25 years of experience in the mining industry. Mr. Guan is a senior professional engineer, holding a
bachelor’s degree in mining engineering from Northeastern University of China.




12    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Directors are pleased to present this report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for
the year ended December 31, 2018 (the “Reporting Period”).

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW
The Company is a gold and base metal mining company based in Vancouver, Canada. The Company’s main business
involves the operation, acquisition, development and exploration of gold and base metal properties. The principal
activities of the subsidiaries are set out in Note 36 of the Financial Statements. There were no significant changes in the
nature of the Company’s principal activities during the year.

Further discussion and analysis of the business review as required by Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, including a fair view of the business and a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the
Company, particulars of important events affecting the Company that have occurred since the end of the financial
year 2018, an indication of likely future development in the Company’s business, the Company and all its subsidiaries
(the “Group”) environmental policies and performance, compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a
significant impact on the Company, outlook of the Company’s business, and an account of the Company’s relationships
with its key stakeholders can be found in the “Five-Year Financial Summary”, “Message From the Chairman”, “Message
From the CEO”, “Management Discussion and Analysis” and “Corporate Governance Report” sections of this annual
report.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movement in the share capital of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 29 of the
Financial Statements.

RESERVES
Details of the reserves available for distribution to the shareholders as at December 31, 2018 are set out in Note 38 of
the Financial Statements.

RESULTS
The results of the Group as at December 31, 2018 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income on page 70.

DIVIDEND
The Directors do not recommend the payment of a final dividend as at December 31, 2018.

DIRECTORS
The directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report are as follows:

Executive Directors
Xin Song (Chairman)
Liangyou Jiang

Non-Executive Directors
Yongqing Teng
Fuzhen Kang
Xiangdong Jiang



                                                                                                Annual Report 2018      13
DIRECTORS’ REPORT



Independent Non-Executive Directors
Ian He
Yunfei Chen
Gregory Hall
John King Burns

In accordance with article 14.1 of the Company’s articles (the “Articles”), each of the Directors shall retire at the 2019
annual general meeting of the Company (the “2019 AGM”) and, being eligible, shall offer themselves to be re-elected
and re-appointed at the 2019 AGM.

THE BIOGRAPHY OF THE DIRECTORS AND THE SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Company are set out in the Directors and
senior management’s profile from page 6 to page 12 of this annual report.

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTOR PURSUANT TO RULE 13.51B(1) OF THE HONG KONG LISTING RULES
Save as disclosed in this annual report, there are no other changes to the Directors’ information as required to be
disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules (the “Listing Rules”) Governing the Listing of
Securities on Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Board has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and considers that all of the independent non-executive
Directors are independent.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
None of the Directors who are proposed for re-election at the 2019 AGM have a service contract with the Company
or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the employing company within one year without payment of
compensation, other than statutory compensation.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE
Pursuant to the Articles of the Company and subject to the provisions of the Business Corporations Act (British
Columbia) (the “Business Corporations Act”), every Director or alternate director of the Company or its affiliates (and his
or her heirs and legal personal representatives) shall be indemnified by the Company against any judgment, penalty or
fine awarded or imposed in, or an amount paid in settlement of, a legal proceeding or investigative action where such
person is liable by reason of him/her having been a director or alternate director of the Company and the Company
must, after the final disposition of such proceeding, pay the expenses actually and reasonably incurred by such person.
The Company has taken out insurance policies against the liabilities of the Directors that may arise out of corporate
activities and the costs associated with defending any proceeding. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual
basis. During the Reporting Period, no claims were made against the Directors.




14    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT



DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Mr. Xin Song, Mr. Liangyou Jiang, Mr. Yongqing Teng and Ms. Fuzhen Kang are considered to have conflicts of
interest in the transactions as set out in the section headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected
Transactions” in this report due to their senior management positions or affiliate roles with China National Gold, the
ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions
and Continuing Connected Transactions” in this report, no transactions, arrangement or contracts of significance in
relation to the business of the Group to which the Company, any of its subsidiaries or the controlling shareholder of the
Company was a party and in which a Director or any of his connected entity had a material interest, whether directly or
indirectly, subsisted as at December 31, 2018 or at any time during the Reporting Period.

CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
Save as disclosed under the section headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions” in this
report, no other material contract (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) was entered into
by a member of the Group, the controlling shareholder or one its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESSES
To the best knowledge of the Directors, during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, save for the
directorships and management roles of our Directors in other mining companies, none of our Directors had any interests
in businesses that compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the Company. Please refer to the
biographies of our Directors set out under the section headed “Board of Directors and Senior Management” of this
report for details of such circumstances.

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS IN SHARES
As at December 31, 2018, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”)) which were required to
be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
(including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or
as recorded in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to
the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules were as follows:

SHARES
Shares
Long Position in Shares
                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                             percentage of
                                                                                  Number of      Nature of   interest in the
Name                         Position                 Company                    shares held      interest         company

Ian He                       Independent Non- China Gold International             150,000       Personal        0.0378%
                               Executive Director Resources Corp. Ltd.

Xiangdong Jiang              Non-Executive            China Gold International       38,800      Personal        0.0098%
                              Director                  Resources Corp. Ltd.


Note: Information relating to share ownership provided by each Director.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018     15
DIRECTORS’ REPORT



CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
China National Gold is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company currently holding approximately 39.3% of
the issued shares of the Company and is therefore a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules. As
a result, the transactions entered into between China National Gold and the Controlled Entities as described in this
section below constitute non-exempt continuing connected transactions or partially exempt connected transactions of
the Company as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

In addition, Tibet Huatailong, Inner Mongolia Pacific, China National Gold Group Finance Company Limited (“China
Gold Finance”), and China Gold Hong Kong (the “Controlled Entities”) are ultimately controlled by China National Gold
and are therefore connected persons of the Company by virtue of Rule 14A.07 of the Listing Rules.

Non-Exempt Continuing Connected Transactions
Product and Service Framework Agreement
On April 26, 2013, the Company entered into a Product and Service Framework Agreement (the “Product and Service
Framework Agreement”) with China National Gold for the provision of providing mining related services and products to
the Company in order to facilitate the Group’s operations in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) for three years
until June 18, 2016.

The Company entered into a First Supplemental Product and Service Framework Agreement (the “First Supplemental
Product and Service Framework Agreement”) on May 29, 2015 to revise the expiry date of the Product and Service
Framework Agreement to December 31, 2017 and included the sale and purchase of copper concentrates produced
at the Jiama Mine between the Group and China National Gold into the product and service scope of the Product and
Service Framework Agreement, which were approved by the independent shareholders of the Company on June 30,
2015. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated June 3, 2015, circular dated May 29, 2015 and
poll results announcement dated July 1, 2015.

On May 26, 2017 the Company and China National Gold entered into the Second Supplemental Product and Service
Framework Agreement (the “Second Supplemental Product and Service Framework Agreement”) to extend the term to
December 31, 2020 and to extend the scope of the First Supplemental Product and Service Framework Agreement to
include leasing services to be provided by Zhongxin International Financial Leasing (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd., the shares of
which are 80% owned by China National Gold.

For the Reporting Period, the transaction amounts under the Product and Service Framework Agreement (as amended
by the First Supplemental Product and Service Framework Agreement and the Second Supplemental Product and
Service Framework Agreement) were approximately RMB974 million where the relevant annual monetary cap was
RMB11,400 million.

Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré
On May 7, 2014, Inner Mongolia Pacific, entered into a Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré (the “2015 Contract
for Purchase and Sale of Doré”) with China National Gold for the sale and purchase of gold doré bars and silver by-
products produced at the CSH Gold Mine from time to time for three years ending December 31, 2015, December
31, 2016 and December 31, 2017. Details of the 2015 Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré are as stated in the
Company’s announcement dated May 7, 2014, circular dated May 7, 2014 and poll results announcement dated June
20, 2014.




16    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT



On May 26, 2017 Inner Mongolia Pacific and China National Gold entered into the Supplemental Contract for Purchase
and Sale of Doré (the “Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré”) for a term commencing on January
1, 2018 and expiring on December 31, 2020. Details of the Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré
are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated May 26, 2017, circular dated May 31, 2017 and poll results
announcement dated June 30, 2017.

For the Reporting Period, the transaction amounts under the 2015 Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré and Supplemental
Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré were approximately RMB1,216 million where the relevant annual monetary cap was
RMB2,700.0 million, which accounted for 33% of the total sales of the Group for the year then ended.

Partially Exempt Connected Transactions
Loan Agreement
On December 18, 2017, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a loan agreement pursuant to which China
Gold Finance agreed to provide an unsecured loan in the aggregate amount of RMB350,000,000, for a term of one year
to satisfy the financial needs of the Group within the PRC (the “2017 Loan Agreement”). Loan interest payable by the
Group to China Gold Finance will be based on the RMB benchmark rate for a one year loan published by The People’s
Bank of China (4.35%) with a 5% discount. For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated
December 19, 2017.

On December 18, 2018, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a Supplemental Loan Agreement (the
“Supplemental Loan Agreement”) to extend the term for a further four months to April 30, 2019. Details of the
Supplemental Loan Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated December 20, 2018.

Deposit Services Agreement
On December 18, 2017, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a deposit services agreement pursuant
to which the Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, make withdrawals and deposits with China Gold
Finance up to a daily maximum deposit balance (including interest) not exceeding RMB100,000,000, for a term of one
year commencing on January 1, 2018 (the “Deposit Services Agreement”). Deposit interest rates payable by China Gold
Finance to the Group for any deposits shall be, at a minimum, 20% higher than the benchmark interest rate published
by The People’s Bank of China for the same period and for the same type of deposit. For further details, please refer to
the Company’s announcement dated December 19, 2017.

On December 18, 2018, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement
(the “Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement”) to extend the term for a further year to December 30, 2019. Details
of the Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated December 20,
2018.

Daily maximum deposit monetary caps for the transactions stipulated under the Deposit Services Agreement pursuant to
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (including accumulative settlement interest) shall not exceed RMB100,000,000. There
have not been any deposits exceeding the daily maximum monetary cap for the Reporting Period.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018      17
DIRECTORS’ REPORT



Annual Review
The Company’s auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected
transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 “Assurance Engagements
Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s
Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. The auditor’s letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected
transactions disclosed above by the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules has been provided to
the Directors, and was confirmed in respect of the above matter. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the
Company to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Auditor has confirmed to the Board that nothing has come to their
attention that causes them to believe that the above continuing connected transactions for the year ended December
31, 2018: (a) have not been approved by the Board; (b) were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the
pricing policies of the Group where the transactions involve the provision of goods by the Group; (c) were not entered
into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing the transactions; and (d) have not
exceeded the respective maximum aggregate annual caps as disclosed in the announcements of the Company.

In accordance with Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the independent non-executive Directors have reviewed and confirmed
that the continuing connected transactions carried out under i) the Product and Service Framework Agreement (as
amended), ii) the Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré, the Supplemental Loan Agreement, and iii)
the Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement have each been entered into: (a) in the ordinary and usual course of
the Company’s business; (b) on normal commercial terms or better; and (c) in accordance with the relevant agreement
governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a
whole.

The independent Directors also confirmed in their review of the continuing connected transactions that all such
transactions were carried out in accordance with the pricing policies and processes set out in the respective framework
agreements for such transactions.

Related Party Transactions
Details of the related party transactions undertaken during the Reporting Period set out in Note 30 of the Financial
Statements. All the related party transactions constituted connected transactions and/or continuing connected
transactions of the Company as defined in the Listing Rules. The Company had complied with the relevant requirements
under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period.

SKYLAND BONDS
On June 27, 2017, the Company, Skyland Mining, China International Capital Corporation Hong Kong Securities Limited,
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, CCB International Capital Limited, Industrial Bank Co., Ltd. Hong Kong Branch
and Standard Chartered Bank (the “Joint Lead Managers”) entered into a subscription agreement (the “Subscription
Agreement”) pursuant to which Skyland Mining agreed to issue to the Joint Lead Managers, and the Joint Lead
Managers agreed severally and not jointly, to subscribe for bonds in an aggregate principal amount of US$500 million
(equivalent to approximately HK$3,880 million) at an issue price of 99.663% (the “Bonds”) bearing interest at the rate
of 3.25% with a maturity date of July 6, 2020, rated BBB- by Standard & Poor’s. The Bonds were unconditionally and
irrevocably guaranteed by the Company. The net proceeds are used for repaying existing indebtedness, working capital
and general corporate purposes of the Company.




18    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT



On July 6, 2017, all the conditions to the issue of the Bonds as set out in the Subscription Agreement were satisfied
and the issue of the Bonds was closed. The Bonds were listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on July 7, 2017.

Details of the Subscription Agreement are stated in the Company’s announcements dated June 27, 2017 and July 6,
2017.

NUMBER AND REMUNERATION OF EMPLOYEES
As at December 31, 2018, the Company had 2,128 employees working at various locations. During the Reporting
Period, staff cost (including Directors’ remuneration in the form of salaries and other benefits) was approximately
US$50,113,000, as compared to the staff costs of US$36,683,000 in 2017.

EMOLUMENT POLICY
The Company’s executive emolument policy and compensation program is administered by the Compensation and
Benefits Committee which consists solely of independent Directors. The Compensation and Benefits Committee meet
at least annually and reviews levels of cash compensation and makes recommendations to the Board to adjust cash
compensation in light of merit, qualifications and competence, as needed. The Compensation and Benefits Committee
also reviews the corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the senior executive officers and based
on recommendations from the Chief Executive Officer and other members of the management team. The Compensation
and Benefits Committee makes its determinations as to overall compensation levels on the basis of both available third
party data regarding comparable compensation at similar size companies as well as their own industry experience
and the Company’s hiring and retention needs. Decisions relating to executive compensation are reported by the
Compensation and Benefits Committee to the Board for approval.

The Company’s director emolument policy is administered by the Compensation and Benefits Committee with regard to
comparable market statistics. Decisions relating to the compensation of directors are reported by the Compensation and
Benefits Committee to the Board for approval.

The emolument policy for the Company’s employees is determined on a department by department basis with the Chief
Executive Officer determining the emoluments for employees and managers based on merit, qualifications and the
Company’s hiring and retention needs.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHT TO PURCHASE SHARES
Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests in Shares” above, at no
time during the Reporting Period, were there any rights to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in or
debentures of Company or any of its subsidiaries or its holding companies or any of the subsidiaries of the Company’s
holding companies granted to any director or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any
such rights exercised by them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the
directors to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
As at December 31, 2018, based on the information available to the Board and the register of substantial shareholders
required to be kept under section 336 of Part XV of the SFO, the Company was notified of the following substantial
shareholders’ interests and short positions, being 5% or more of the Company’s issued share capital. These interests
are in addition to those disclosed above in respect of the Directors and chief executive:


                                                                                             Annual Report 2018     19
DIRECTORS’ REPORT



Long Position in Shares of the Company
                                                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                              Number of           percentage of
Name                                                                       Nature of interest                Shares held     outstanding shares

China National Gold Group Co., Ltd.(1)                                     Indirect                        155,794,830(2)                  39.3%
China National Gold Group Hong Kong Limited                                Registered Owner                155,794,830                     39.3%


Notes:
(1)      China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. directly and wholly owns China National Gold Group Hong Kong Limited therefore the interest
         attributable to China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. represents its indirect interest in the Company’s shares through its equity interest in
         China National Gold Group Hong Kong Limited.
(2)      Information relating to registered and indirect ownership of the Company’s shares were provided by China National Gold Group Co., Ltd.



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold and redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or under the laws of British Columbia, Canada which
would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the date of this
report, the Company has complied with the sufficiency of public float requirement under the Listing Rules.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The percentage of purchases and sales for the Reporting Period attributable to the Company’s major suppliers and
customers are as follows:

                                                                                                                              Percentage of the
                                                                                                                          total purchases/sales
                                                                                                                                  accounted for

Purchases
  – the largest supplier                                                                                                                      19%
  – five largest suppliers combined                                                                                                           54%
Sales
  – the largest customer                                                                                                                      33%
  – five largest customers combined                                                                                                           97%




20       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT



Sales to the largest customer of the Company account for 33% of the Company’s sales and relate to the sale of gold
doré from the CSH Gold Mine pursuant to the Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré. In addition, the
five largest customers account for all of the Company’s sales. However, due to the fact that pricing for the Company’s
mineral products is based on prevailing market prices in accordance with the contracts with customers, the Company
does not consider there to be any risks associated with reliance on major customers. The Company considers that its
pricing structure based on prevailing metal prices mitigates against any adverse effects from concentration to only five
customers.

Save as disclosed above, at no time during the Reporting Period did a director, an associate of a director or any other
shareholder (which owned more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) hold any direct or indirect interest in
the Company’s five largest suppliers or customers during the Reporting Period.

CHARITABLE DONATIONS
The Company made charitable donations during the Reporting Period amounting to US$238,500.

EVENTS AFTER REPORTING PERIOD
There are no significant events occurring after December 31, 2018 as set out in the Financial Statements and
Management’s Discussion and Analysis.

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
A resolution will be submitted at the 2019 AGM to re-appoint Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu of Hong Kong as the
Company’s auditors.




On behalf of the Board,
Xin Song
Chairman of the Board
March 26, 2019




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018      21
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board will continue to review and, where appropriate, improve the current practices of the Company on the basis
of the experience and regulatory changes to enhance the confidence of shareholders of the Company, and to safeguard
shareholders’ interest for continued and long term success of the Company over time.

To further this philosophy and to ensure that the Company follows good governance practices the Board has taken the
following steps:

•    approved and adopted a mandate for the Board;

•    appointed an Audit Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and a Compensation and
     Benefits Committee consisting solely of independent directors;

•    established a Health, Safety and Environmental Committee consisting solely of independent directors;

•    approved charters for all of the Board committees to formalize the mandates of those committees;

•    established a Disclosure Committee with a mandate to oversee the Company’s disclosure practices including the
     establishment of a sub-committee charged with overseeing the Company’s technical disclosure;

•    adopted a formal Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities Trading Policy and formalized the Company’s
     disclosure controls and procedures;

•    adopted a formal Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that governs the behavior of directors, officers and
     employees and which is also distributed to consultants;

•    adopted formal written position descriptions for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, clearly
     defining their roles and responsibilities;

•    adopted a whistleblower policy administered by an independent third party;

•    formalized a process for assessing the effectiveness of the Board as a whole, the Board committees and the
     contribution of individual directors on a regular basis;

•    reviewing and approving the Company’s incentive compensation plans; and

•    providing continuing education opportunities for all directors.

COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Company has, throughout the Reporting Period, applied the principles and complied with the requirements of its
corporate governance practices as defined by the Board and all applicable statutory, regulatory and stock exchange
listings standards, in particular, the code provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”)
contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules. The Company’s current practices are reviewed and updated regularly to
ensure that the latest developments in corporate governance are followed and observed.




22    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



CHANGES IN INFORMATION WITH RESPECT OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVES
In accordance with Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the changes in information required to be disclosed by
directors pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of Rule 13.51(2) of the Company are set out below:

1.   Mr. Bing Liu resigned as a Director and Chief Executive Officer on 13 November 2018.

2.   Mr. Lianzhong Sun resigned as a Non-Executive Director on 13 November 2018.

3.   Mr. Liangyou Jiang was appointed as Chief Executive Officer on 13 November 2018.

4.   Mr. Yongqing Teng was appointed as a Non-Executive Director on 13 November 2018.

5.   Ms. Fuzhen Kang was appointed as a Non-Executive Director on 13 November 2018.

6.   Mr. Songlin Zhang resigned as Vice President and Chief Engineer as of May 7, 2018.

7.   Mr. Zhongxin Guo was appointed as Chief Engineer as of 13 November 2018.

BOARD COMPOSITION
Corporate governance guidelines adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators (“CSA”) recommend that a majority
of the directors of a corporation be independent directors and Rule 3.10 of the CG Code requires every board of
directors to include at least three independent non-executive directors and at least one-third of the board of directors
to comprise independent non-executive directors. Under the CSA corporate governance guidelines, an “independent
director” is a director who has no direct or indirect material relationship with the Company, including as a partner,
shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company. A “material relationship” is one
that would, or in the view of the Board could be reasonably expected to, interfere with the exercise of a director’s
independent judgment. The CG Code includes a number of factors to take into consideration when assessing the
independence of a non-executive director, including the percentage of shares held by him or her in the Company and
any material interest in any principal business activity of the Group. As at December 31, 2018 and as at the date of this
report, the Board has determined that it consists of four “independent directors” and five non-independent directors
under the CSA corporate governance guidelines. The Board believes that its current size and composition and the
composition of the Board committees consisting solely of independent directors, results in balanced representation.

As at the date of this report, the Company believes it has a well-balanced Board. The Board is comprised of two (2)
Executive Directors, three (3) Non-Independent Directors and four (4) Independent Non-Executive Directors. The
Directors for the year ended 31 December 2018 and up to the date of this report are as follows:

Executive Directors
Xin Song (Chairman)(1)
Liangyou Jiang (Chief Executive Officer)(2)




                                                                                              Annual Report 2018      23
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Non-Independent Directors
Yongqing Teng(3) (appointed with an effect from 13 November 2018)
Fuzhen Kang(4) (appointed with an effect from 13 November 2018)
Xiangdong Jiang(5)

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Ian He
Yunfei Chen
Gregory Hall
John King Burns

Notes:
(1)      Mr. Song is an Executive Director in his capacity as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company and is an executive officer of
         China National Gold which has a material relationship with the Company.
(2)      Mr. Jiang is an Executive Director in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
(3)      Mr. Teng is a Non-Independent Director in his capacity as an affiliate of China National Gold which has a material relationship with the
         Company.
(4)      Ms. Kang is a Non-Independent Director in her capacity as an affiliate of China National Gold which has a material relationship with the
         Company.
(5)      Mr. Jiang resigned as a senior officer of the Company on March 31, 2017. He continues to serve as a Director of the Company but is
         considered to be a Non-Independent Director as he served as an executive officer within the last three (3) years.

As at the date of this report, China National Gold holds approximately 39.3% of the Company’s outstanding common
shares.

Biographical details of the Directors of the Company are set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors
and Senior Management” on pages 6 to 12 of this annual report. The Board has assessed the independence of
all the independent non-executive Directors and considers all of them to be independent having regard to (i) their
annual confirmation on independence as required under the Listing Rules, (ii) the absence of involvement in the daily
management of the Company and (iii) the absence of any relationships or circumstances which would interfere with the
exercise of their independent judgement.

The Directors are satisfied that the size and composition of the Board results in a balanced representation on the Board
among management and non-management directors and the Company’s principal shareholder. While the Board believes
that it functions effectively given the size of the Company’s and complexity of its business, the Company, through its
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, may in the future seek to add qualified candidates to augment its
experience and expertise and to enhance the Company’s ability to develop its business interests.

Mr. Song currently serves as the Chairman of the Board and served as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer from
October 2009 to February 2014. The Chairman provides leadership and strategic direction for the Board and is also
responsible for chairing meetings, managing the operations of the Board, and ensuring that all major and appropriate
issues are discussed by the Board in a timely and constructive manner. Since November 2018, Mr. Jiang serves as the
Company’s Chief Executive Officer in addition to being a Director. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for running
the Company’s businesses and implementing the Group’s strategic plans and business goals.




24       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



For the Reporting Period, Mr. Ian He was appointed lead Independent Non-Executive Director as of November
13, 2018. The role of lead Independent Non-Executive Director was created to enhance the Company’s corporate
governance practices and provides leadership to the independent directors, liaise with Chief Executive Officer on behalf
of the independent directors and advise the board on matters where there may be an actual or perceived conflict of
interest such as Chairman/Chief Executive Officer performance evaluation to ensure the best possible operation of
the board. In November 2018, changes were made to the Committee chairs to improve and balance out the Director
workloads to improve the performance and effectiveness of each Committee.

For the Reporting Period, the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee comprised of four Non-Executive
Directors, namely, Mr. Ian He, Mr. Yunfei Chen, Mr. John King Burns and Mr. Greg Hall. Mr. Ian He continues in the
role of Chairman of the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee.

For the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors, namely, Mr.
Ian He, Mr. Yunfei Chen, Mr. John King Burns and Mr. Greg Hall. Mr. Ian He resigned as the Chairman and Mr. Yunfei
Chen was appointed as the Chairman of the Audit Committee on November 13, 2018.

For the Reporting Period, the Compensation & Benefits Committee comprised of four Independent Non-Executive
Directors, namely, Mr. Ian He, Mr. Yunfei Chen, Mr. John King Burns and Mr. Greg Hall. Mr. Ian He resigned as the
Chairman and Mr. John King Burns was appointed as the Chairman of the Compensation & Benefits Committee on
November 13, 2018.

For the Reporting Period, the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee comprised of four Independent Non-
Executive Directors, namely, Mr. Ian He, Mr. Yunfei Chen, Mr. John King Burns and Mr. Greg Hall. Mr. Ian He resigned
as the chairman and Mr. Greg Hall was appointed as the chairman of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee
on November 13, 2018.

The Company has received from each of its Independent Directors, their confirmation of independence pursuant to
listing rules in all applicable jurisdictions.

To the best knowledge of the Company, none of the Directors are related. Relationships include financial, business
or family relationships. The Directors are free to exercise their independent judgment. Directors, including the current
Non-Executive Directors and the Independent Non-Executive Directors, are elected at each annual general meeting and
hold office until the next annual general meeting, unless a Director’s office is earlier vacated in accordance with the
provisions of the Business Corporations Act and the Articles.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Non-Executive Directors bring a wide range of business, professional and financial expertise, experience and
independent judgment to the Board. All the Board Committees comprise at least four Non-Executive Directors (including
Independent Non-Executive Directors) who have made significant contribution of their skills and expertise to these
Committees.

Through active participation at Board meetings, taking the lead in managing issues involving potential conflict of
interests and serving on Board committees, all Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Non-Executive Directors)
make various contributions to the effective direction of the Company.

In accordance with the Articles, the Non-Executive Directors (including the Independent Non-Executive Directors) are
subject to re-election each year at the Company’s annual general meeting.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018      25
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



DIRECTORS’ PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
The Board, through the Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, ensures that all new
Directors receive a comprehensive orientation so that each new Director fully understands the role of the Board and its
Committees, as well as the contribution individual directors are expected to make and to understand the nature and
operation of the Company’s business.

The Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
knowledge and skills. The Board provides continuing education opportunities for all Directors, so that each individual
Director may maintain or enhance his skills and abilities as a Director, as well as to ensure his knowledge and
understanding of the Company’s business remains current.

The orientation and continuing education process will be reviewed on an annual basis and will be revised accordingly.
There are technical presentations at Board meetings, focusing on either a particular property or a summary of various
properties. The question and answer portions of these presentations are a valuable learning resource for the non-
technical directors. The Board has also incorporated training into their board meetings with presentations by legal,
accounting and other professional groups and individuals.

All Directors participated in appropriate continuous professional development and provided the Company with their
records of training they received for Reporting Period. Directors participated in the training which included reading
regulatory updates, attending seminars or conducting training sessions and exchanging views. According to the training
records maintained by the Company, the trainings received by each of the Directors during the Reporting Period are
summarized as follows:

                                                                                                    Attended seminars/
                                                                                                       conduct training
                                                                                                          sessions and
                                                                                                       exchange views

Executive Directors
Xin Song (Chairman)                                                                                                Yes
Liangyou Jiang                                                                                                     Yes


Non-Executive Director
Yongqing Teng                                                                                                      Yes
Fuzhen Kang                                                                                                        Yes
Xiangdong Jiang                                                                                                    Yes


Independent Non-Executive Directors
Ian He                                                                                                             Yes
Yunfei Chen                                                                                                        Yes
Gregory Hall                                                                                                       Yes
John King Burns                                                                                                    Yes




26    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



MANDATE OF THE BOARD
Under the Business Corporations Act, the Directors are required to manage the Company’s business and affairs, and in
doing so, to act honestly and in good faith with a view to furthering the best interests of the Company. In addition, each
Director must exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonably prudent person would exercise in comparable
circumstances. The Board is responsible for supervising the conduct of the Company’s affairs and the management of
its business. The Board’s mandate includes setting long term goals and objectives for the Company, formulating the
plans and strategies necessary to achieve those objectives and supervising senior management in their implementation.
Although the Board delegates the responsibility for managing the day-to-day affairs of the Company to senior
management, the Board retains a supervisory role in respect of, and ultimate responsibility for, all matters relating to the
Company and its business.

The Board’s mandate requires that the Board be satisfied that the Company’s senior management will manage the
affairs of the Company in the best interest of the shareholders, in accordance with the Company’s principles, and that
the arrangements made for the management of the Company’s business and affairs are consistent with their duties
described above. The Board is responsible for protecting shareholder interests and ensuring that the incentives of the
shareholders and of management are aligned. The obligation of the Board must be performed continuously, and not
merely from time to time, and in times of crisis or emergency the Board may have to assume a more direct role in
managing the affairs of the Company.

In discharging this responsibility, the Board’s mandate provides that the Board oversees and monitors significant
corporate plans and strategic initiatives. The Board’s strategic planning process includes annual budget reviews and
approvals and discussions with management relating to strategic and budgetary issues.

As part of its ongoing review of business operations, the Board periodically reviews the principal risks inherent in the
Company’s business, including financial risks, and assesses the systems established to manage those risks. Directly
and through the Audit Committee, the Board also assesses the integrity of internal control over financial reporting and
management information systems.

In addition to those matters that must, by law, be approved by the Board, the Board is required under its mandate to
approve annual operating and capital budgets, any material dispositions, acquisitions and investments outside of the
ordinary course of business or not provided for in the approved budgets, long-term strategy, organizational development
plans and the appointment of senior executive officers. Management is authorized to act, without Board approval on all
ordinary course matters relating to the Company’s business.

The Board’s mandate provides that the Board expects management to provide the directors, on a timely basis, with
information concerning the business and affairs of the Company, including financial and operating information and
information concerning industry developments as they occur, all with a view to enabling the Board to discharge its
stewardship obligations effectively. The Board expects management to efficiently implement its strategic plans for the
Company, to keep the Board fully apprised of its progress in doing so and to be fully accountable to the Board in
respect to all matters for which it has been assigned responsibility.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018     27
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Board has instructed management to maintain procedures to monitor and promptly address shareholder concerns
and has directed and will continue to direct management to apprise the Board of any major concerns expressed by
shareholders.

Each Board Committee is empowered to engage external advisors as it sees fit. Any individual Director is entitled to
engage an outside advisor at the expense of the Company provided such director has obtained the approval of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to do so. In conjunction with its review of operations, the Board
considers risk issues when appropriate and approves corporate policies addressing the management of the risk of the
Company’s business.

The Board takes ultimate responsibility for the appointment and monitoring of the Company’s senior management. The
Board approves the appointment of senior management and reviews their performance on an ongoing basis.

The Company has a corporate disclosure policy addressing, among other things, how the Company interacts with
analysts and the public, and contains measures for the Company to avoid selective disclosure. The Company has a
Disclosure Committee responsible for overseeing the Company’s disclosure practices. The Disclosure Committee consists
of the Company’s Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer
and the Company’s senior communications and investor relations officers, or those individuals who act in equivalent
positions for the Company, and receives advice from the Company’s external legal counsels. The Disclosure Committee
assesses materiality and determines when developments justify public disclosure. The Disclosure Committee reviews
the corporate disclosure policy annually and as otherwise needed to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements
and reviews all documents which are reviewed by the Board and Audit Committee. The Board reviews and approves
the Company’s material disclosure documents, including its annual report, annual information form and management
proxy circular. The Company’s annual and quarterly financial statements, management’s discussion and analysis and
other financial disclosure is reviewed by the Audit Committee and recommended to the Board for approval, prior to its
release.

In order to ensure diversity on the Board and improve the Company’s corporate governance, the Board approved the
Board diversity policy (the “Policy”) in accordance with the requirements set out in code provision A.5.6 of the CG
Code. The Policy sets out the approach to achieve diversity on the board by considering a number of factors, including
without limitation, gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional skills, knowledge, experience and
length of service, in order to maintain an appropriate range and balance of talents, skills, experience and background
of the Board. Appointments of Board members shall be based on merit, and candidates will be assessed based on
objective criteria. The Company will also take into account factors based on its own business model and specific needs
from time to time. The Nominating & Corporate Governance will monitor the implementation of the Policy; review the
Policy from time to time, as appropriate; report to the Board on their decisions or propose recommendations on any
amendments for the Board’s review and approval, to ensure the effectiveness of the Policy. No measurable objectives
for achieving diversity were specifically set by the Board during the year, other than the recruitment of the most suitable
candidate for a position.




28    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
Audit Committee
The Board established an Audit Committee, which operates under a charter approved by the Board. It is the Board’s
responsibility to ensure that the Company has an effective risk management and internal control system. This includes
internal controls to manage both the effectiveness and efficiency of significant business processes, the safeguarding of
assets, the maintenance of proper accounting records, and the reliability of financial information as well as non-financial
considerations such as the benchmarking of operational key performance indicators. The Company’s Audit Committee
is comprised of four Independent Directors of Mr. Gregory Hall, Mr. Ian He, Mr. John King Burns and Mr. Yunfei Chen
serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee.

The primary objective of the Audit Committee is to act as a liaison between the Board and the Company’s Independent
auditors and to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to (a) the financial statements
and other financial information provided by the Company to its shareholders, the public and others, (b) the Company’s
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (c) the qualification, independence and performance of the auditors
and (d) the Company’s risk management and internal financial and accounting controls, and management information
systems.

Although the Audit Committee has the powers and responsibilities set forth in its charter, the role of the Audit
Committee is oversight. The members of the Audit Committee are not full-time employees of the Company and may or
may not be accountants or auditors by profession or experts in the fields of accounting or auditing and, in any event, do
not serve in such capacity. Consequently, it is not the duty of the Committee to conduct audits or to determine that the
Company’s financial statements and disclosures are complete and accurate and are in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). These are the responsibilities of management and the auditors.

All services to be performed by the auditors of the Company must be approved in advance by the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee held four meetings during the Reporting Period. In performing its duties in accordance with its
charter, the Audit Committee has:

•    overseen the Company’s relationship, audit fees and terms of engagement of the external auditors;

•    reviewed the independence of the external auditors and made recommendations to the Board on the re-
     appointment of the external auditors;

•    reviewed the financial budget and planning including the annual and interim financial statements and results
     announcements during the Financial Year;

•    reviewed and assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s financial controls, corporate governance, internal
     controls and risk management systems;

•    reviewed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal audit function; and

•    reported to the Board on the decisions and recommendations of the Audit Committee.

The individual attendance of Nomination Committee members at meetings is set out on page 32 of this annual report.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2018      29
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
The Board established a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, operating under a charter approved by the
Board. The Company’s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is comprised of four independent Directors
of Mr. Yunfei Chen, Mr. Ian He, Mr. John King Burns and Mr. Gregory Hall. Mr. Ian He serves as Chairman of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.

The primary objective of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its
oversight responsibilities by (a) determining a policy and process for identifying individuals qualified to become Board
and Board Committee members and recommending that the Board select director nominees for appointment or election
to the Board; and (b) developing and recommending to the Board corporate governance guidelines for the Company and
making recommendations to the Board with respect to corporate governance practices. The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee monitors the disclosure of conflicts of interest to the Board and ensures that no director will
vote in respect of a matter in which such director has a material interest. The Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee met during the Financial Year to review its charter, to review the Articles, to assess the competencies and
characteristics represented on the Board, to review the results of a Board effectiveness survey and self-assessments and
to monitor, review and confirm compliance with legal, regulatory, corporate governance and disclosure requirements.
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is also responsible for reviewing and monitoring the training and
continuous professional development of directors and senior management as required under code provision D.3.1(b) of
the CG Code. The individual attendance of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee members at meetings is
set out on page 32 of this annual report.

Compensation and Benefits Committee
The Board has established a Compensation and Benefits Committee, which operates under a charter approved by the
Board. The Company’s Compensation and Benefits Committee is comprised of four independent Directors of Mr. John
King Burns, Mr. Yunfei Chen, Mr. Ian He, and Mr. Gregory Hall. As of November 13, 2018, Mr. John King Burns was
appointed as Chairman of the Compensation and Benefits Committee.

The primary objective of the Compensation and Benefits Committee is to discharge the Board’s responsibilities relating
to the compensation and benefits for senior executives and directors of the Company. This role includes reviewing the
adequacy and form of compensation for senior executives and the directors, determining the recipients of, the nature
and size of share compensation awards granted from time to time and determining any bonuses to be awarded. The
Compensation and Benefits Committee met during the Financial Year to review its charter, to assess the performance
and compensation of the Chief Executive Officer, to review the compensation and benefits for senior executives
and directors of the Company and to complete self-assessments. The Compensation and Benefits Committee made
recommendations to the Board for adjustments to compensation for the Company’s senior executives on various
occasions throughout the Reporting Period.




30    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Board established a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, operating under a charter approved by the
Board. The primary objective of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling
its oversight responsibilities by (a) determining a policy and process for identifying individuals qualified to become Board
and Board committee members and recommending that the Board select director nominees for appointment or election
to the Board; and (b) developing and recommending to the Board corporate governance guidelines for the Company and
making recommendations to the Board with respect to corporate governance practices. The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee monitors the disclosure of conflicts of interest to the Board and ensures that no director will
vote in respect of a matter in which such director has a material interest. The Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee met during the Financial Year to review its charter, to review the Articles, to assess the competencies and
characteristics represented on the Board, to review the results of a Board effectiveness survey and self-assessments and
to monitor, review and confirm compliance with legal, regulatory, corporate governance and disclosure requirements.
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is also responsible for reviewing and monitoring the training and
continuous professional development of directors and senior management as required under code provision D.3.1(b) of
the CG Code.

The individual attendance of Compensation and Benefits Committee members at meetings is set out on page 32 of this
annual report.

Health, Safety and Environmental Committee
The Board has established a Health, Safety and Environmental Committee, which operates under a charter approved
by the Board. The members of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee are Mr. Gregory Hall, Mr. Yunfei Chen,
Mr. Ian He and Mr. John King Burns, all of whom are Independent Directors of the Company. On November 13, 2018,
Mr. Hall was appointed the Chairman of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee.

The primary objective of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee is to discharge the Board’s responsibilities
relating to compliance with applicable health, safety and environmental rules and regulations. This role includes assisting
the Board in its oversight of the development, implementation and evaluation by management of the Company’s health,
safety and environmental objectives and for monitoring the Company’s compliance with applicable health, safety and
environmental laws and regulations. The Health, Safety and Environmental Committee met during the Reporting Period
to receive reports from the Chief Safety Officers from the CSH Gold Mine and the Jiama Mine, to review the findings of
an independent safety audit, and to complete self-assessments. The Health, Safety and Environmental Committee made
recommendations to the mine sites for continuous improvements.

The individual attendance of Health, Safety and Environmental Committee members at meetings is set out on page 32
of this annual report.

Technical Advisory Committee
The Board approved the establishment of a Technical Advisory Committee in 2017. The members of the Technical
Advisory Committee are Mr. Gregory Hall, and one expert in each of the fields of geological mapping and interpretation,
geochemistry and geophysics. Mr. Gregory Hall is the Chairman of the Technical Advisory Committee.

The primary objective of the Technical Advisory Committee is to assist the Board in its oversight of the Company’s
exploration and resource expansion programs and geological and production models, as well as in the evaluation of
potential acquisition targets.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018     31
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Ad Hoc and Special Committees
In appropriate circumstances, the Board will establish a special committee to review a matter in which several directors
or management may have a conflict of interest.

MEETINGS OF THE BOARD AND BOARD COMMITTEES
Details of attendance of the Directors (either in person or through telephone conferences) at Board regular meetings,
meeting of Board Committees and general meetings during the Reporting Period are set out below. Management also
communicates informally with the Board on a regular basis, and solicits the advice of the Board members on matters
falling within their special knowledge or experience. In addition, the Independent Directors meet regularly on a formal
and informal basis to facilitate the exercise of their independent judgment.

Attendances/Number of Meetings
                                                           Nominating                           Health,
                                                         and Corporate   Compensation       Safety and    2018 Annual
                                               Audit       Governance     and Benefits   Environmental     and Special   Committees        Overall
                                 Board     Committee        Committee       Committee       Committee        Meeting*       (Total)    Attendance

Xin Song (Chairman)         4/4 (100%)            N/A             N/A             N/A             N/A             0/1             –    4/5 (80%)
Liangyou Jiang              4/4 (100%)            N/A             N/A             N/A             N/A             0/1             –    4/5 (80%)
Yongqing Teng(1)            1/1 (100%)            N/A             N/A             N/A             N/A               –             –   1/1 (100%)
Fuzhen Kang(2)              1/1 (100%)            N/A             N/A             N/A             N/A               –             –   1/1 (100%)
Xiangdong Jiang             4/4 (100%)            N/A             N/A             N/A             N/A             0/1             –    4/5 (80%)
Ian He                      4/4 (100%)     4/4 (Chair)     1/1 (Chair)     1/1 (Chair)     2/2 (Chair)            1/1    8/8 (100%) 13/13 (100%)
Yunfei Chen                 4/4 (100%)            4/4             1/1             1/1             2/2             0/1    8/8 (100%) 12/13 (92%)
Gregory Hall                4/4 (100%)            4/4             1/1             1/1             2/2             0/1    8/8 (100%) 12/13 (92%)
John King Burns             4/4 (100%)            4/4             1/1             1/1             2/2             1/1    8/8 (100%) 13/13 (100%)


*        The 2018 Annual and Special Meeting was held June 27, 2018, no other general meeting was held during the Reporting Period.
Notes:
(1)      Mr. Teng was appointed as a director November 13, 2018.
(2)      Ms. Kang was appointed as a director November 13, 2018.

According to code provision A.6.7 of the CG Code, Independent Non-Executive Directors and other Non-Executive
Directors should attend general meetings and develop a balanced understanding of the views of the shareholders.

The Non-Executive Directors and two Independent Non-Executive Directors were unable to attend the Annual and
Special Meeting of the Company held on June 27, 2018 due to other business commitments.

The 2019 AGM will be held on June 28, 2019. The notice of the 2019 AGM will be sent to shareholders at least 20
clear business days before the 2019 AGM.




32       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS
The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all employees, consultants, executive
officers and Directors regardless of their position in the Company, at all times and everywhere the Company does
business. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics provides that the Company’s employees, consultants, executive
officers and directors will uphold its commitment to a culture of honesty, integrity and accountability and the Company
requires the highest standards of professional and ethical conduct from its employees, consultants, executive officers
and Directors.

The Company’s employees, executive officers and Directors are required to confirm, on an annual basis, that they have
reviewed the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and if they are aware of any actual or potential conflicts
of interest.

The Company’s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee monitors compliance with the Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics and the disclosure of conflicts of interest by Directors with a view to ensuring that no Director votes
on a matter in respect of which he has a material interest.

APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
The Board determines, in light of the opportunities and risks facing the Company, what competencies, skills and
personal qualities it should seek in new directors in order to add value to the Company. Based on this framework,
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee developed a skills matrix outlining the Company’s desired
complement of competencies, skills and characteristics. The specific make-up of the matrix includes technical,
geological and engineering knowledge, financial literacy, mining industry experience, public company experience and
legal knowledge. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assesses the competencies and characteristics
represented on the Board annually and utilize the matrix to determine the Board’s strengths and to identify areas for
improvement. This analysis assists the Nominating and Governance Committee in discharging its responsibility for
approaching and proposing new nominees to the Board and for assessing Directors on an ongoing basis.

Unless a Director dies, resigns or is removed from office in accordance with the Business Corporations Act, the term
of office of each of the Director’s ends at the conclusion of the next annual general meeting following his or her most
recent election or appointment.

At every annual general meeting the shareholders entitled to vote at the annual general meeting for the election of
directors are entitled to elect a Board consisting of the number of directors for the time being set under the Articles and
all the directors cease to hold office immediately before such election but are eligible for re-election. If the Company
fails to hold an annual general meeting on or before the date by which the annual general meeting is required to be
held under the Business Corporations Act or the shareholders fail, at the annual general meeting, to elect or appoint
any directors then each director then in office continues to hold office until the earlier of the date on which his or her
successor is elected or appointed, or the date on which he or she otherwise ceases to hold office under the Business
Corporations Act or the Articles.

According to code provision A.4.3 of the CG Code, if an Independent Non-Executive Director serves more than 9 years,
his further appointment should be subject to a separate resolution to be approved by shareholders.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2018      33
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted policies in its Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities Trading Policy on terms no
less exacting than those set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules.

Furthermore, if a Director (a) enters into a transaction involving a security of the Company or, for any other reason,
the direct or indirect beneficial ownership of, or control or direction over, securities of the Company changes from
that shown or required to be shown in the latest insider report filed by the Director, or (b) the Director enters into a
transaction involving a related financial instrument, the Director must, within the prescribed period, file an insider report
in the required form on the System for Electronic Disclosure by Insiders website at www.sedi.ca.

A “related financial instrument” is defined as: (a) an instrument, agreement, security or exchange contract the value,
market price or payment obligations of which are derived from, referenced to or based on the value, market price or
payment obligations of a security, or (b) any other instrument, agreement or understanding that affects, directly or
indirectly, a person’s economic interest in respect of a security or an exchange contract.

Having made specific enquiry with each Board member, all Directors have confirmed their full compliance with the
required standards set out in the Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities Trading Policy throughout the
Reporting Period. Details of the shareholding interests held by the Directors as at December 31, 2018 are set out on
page 15 of this annual report.

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS
The Company’s director emolument policy is administered by the Compensation and Benefits Committee with regard to
comparable market statistics. Decisions relating to the compensation of directors are reported by the Compensation and
Benefits Committee to the Board for approval.

The Company pays its Independent Directors a cash retainer of US$3,825 per month for acting as Independent
Directors and for their roles on various Board Committees. The Company pays the de facto lead Independent Director a
cash retainer of US$4,500 per month.

Currently no other compensation is paid to the Directors for acting as Directors. The Directors are reimbursed for actual
expenses reasonably incurred in connection with the performance of their duties as Directors.

Details regarding the remuneration of Directors are set out in Note 11 of the Financial Statements.

COMPANY SECRETARY
The Corporate Secretary is responsible for advising the Board through the Chairman of the Board on governance
matters and also facilitates induction and professional development of Directors in Canada. The Corporate Secretary
reports to the Chairman of the Board. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Corporate Secretary to
ensure that Board procedures, all applicable law, rules and regulations are followed.

Mr. Ngai Wai Fung, the Director and Chief Executive Officer of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited,
an external service provider, has been appointed by the Board as its company secretary in Hong Kong with effect from
January 16, 2014. Mr. Ngai’s contact person in the Company in relation to any corporate secretarial matters is Mr. Jerry
Xie, the Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary.

According to Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Ngai confirmed that he has taken no less than 15 hours of professional
training to update his skills and knowledge during the Reporting Period.




34    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board is responsible for overseeing the risk management and internal controls of the Company and reviewing their
effectiveness. Risk management and internal controls are used by the Board to facilitate the effectiveness and efficiency
of operations, to safeguard the investment of shareholders and assets of the Company and to ensure compliance with
relevant statutory and regulatory requirements. The Company’s risk management and internal control policies are
designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material misstatements and to help the Board
identify and mitigate, but not eliminate, risk exposure.

The Company maintains internal audit functions for both itself and its operating subsidiaries. The Company leverages
the internal audit function of China National Gold, its controlling shareholder, for its internal audit function. Risk
management and internal control systems are reviewed on a quarterly basis in conjunction with the quarterly
certification requirements for disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting as
mandated by applicable Canadian securities laws.

The Audit Committee and the Board have reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
systems of the Company and its subsidiaries, including all material controls, including financial, operational and
compliance controls, for the Reporting Period and are of the view that the Company’s current risk management and
internal control systems are adequate and operating effectively in safeguarding the investment of shareholders and
assets of the Company.

The Company has used the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) 2013
framework to evaluate the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, and has concluded that its internal
controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2018 and provide reasonable assurance that material
information, including financial information, relating to the Company is made known to senior management, the Audit
Committee and the Board, as applicable, and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner.

The Board has established a framework for identifying, evaluating and managing key risks faced by the Company. The
Board, through the Audit Committee, reviews annually the effectiveness of the internal control system of the Company
and its subsidiaries, considering factors such as:

•    changes, since the last annual review, in nature and extent of significant risks, and the Company’s ability to
     respond to changes in its business and the external environment;

•    the scope and quality of management’s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems, and the
     work of the internal audit function;

•    the extent and frequency of communication of monitoring results to the board which enables it to assess control of
     the Company and the effectiveness of risk management;

•    adequacy of resources;

•    staff qualifications and experience;

•    training programmes;

•    budget of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions; communication of the
     monitoring results to the Board that enables it to assess control of the Company and the effectiveness of the risk
     management;




                                                                                              Annual Report 2018      35
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



•    significant control failings or weaknesses that have been identified during the period. Also, the extent to which
     they have caused unforeseeable outcomes or contingencies that had or might have, a material impact on the
     Company’s financial performance or condition; and

•    the effectiveness of the Company’s processes for financial reporting and compliance with applicable listing rules
     and securities laws.

Pursuant to National Instrument 52-109 Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings of the Canadian
Securities Administrators (“NI – 52-109”), the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Chief Financial Officer
(“CFO”) are required to evaluate the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and
procedures (“DC&P”), as defined in NI 52-109, and certify that the DC&P are effective to achieve the purpose for which
they have been designed. Internal controls over financial reporting (“ICFR”), as defined in NI 52-109, are designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
in accordance with IFRS. Management is also responsible for the design of the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting in order to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. The CEO and CFO provide confirmation of the
foregoing matters to the Audit Committee as part of its review and approval of periodic financial disclosure.

The Company has established a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and
Securities Trading Policy (the “Code”), which includes a policy on the handling of confidential information, information
disclosure and securities dealing for all employees of the Company to comply with when they are in possession of
confidential or inside information in relation to the Company. The Code provides that the Company’s employees, officers,
Directors and contract employees will uphold our commitment to a culture of honesty, integrity and accountability
and that the Company requires the highest standards of professional and ethical conduct from its employees, officers,
Directors and contract employees. The various policies forming the Code are available on the Company’s website
(www.chinagoldintl.com) and have been disseminated to all employees of the Company.

Ethics Point is the Company’s whistleblowing program, which is administered by an independent third party, and is
available for use when someone suspects or is aware of illegal, unsafe or inappropriate activity at work. EthicsPoint
provides an avenue for individuals to raise concerns confidentially and anonymously. The Audit Committee monitors
compliance with the Code. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee monitors the Code and assists the
Board in dealing with conflict of interest issues.

AUDITORS
The Company’s auditor is Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu of Hong Kong. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu were first appointed as
auditor of the Company on April 1, 2010. The appointment of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu was approved by an ordinary
resolution of the shareholders at the Company’s annual and special meeting held on June 17, 2010. Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu will be nominated for re-appointment as auditors of the Company for the fiscal year at the 2019 AGM, at a
remuneration to be fixed by the Board.

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu is independent of the Company in accordance with Section 290 “Independence – Assurance
Engagements” of the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The financial reporting responsibilities and audit report of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu are set out on pages
65 to 69 of the Financial Statements.




36    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Deloitte & Touche LLP of Canada served as auditor of the Company until April 1, 2010. The Company continues to use
the services of Deloitte & Touche LLP from time to time for tax compliance advice relating to transactions and proposed
transactions of the Company and its subsidiaries.

The fees paid/payable to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and Deloitte & Touche LLP in respect of audit and non-audit
services provided during the Reporting Period were as follows:

                                                                                                                           Fees paid/payable
Nature of services rendered                                                                                                            (US$)

Audit fees(1)                                                                                                                         693,700
Non-audit fees(2)                                                                                                                       1,500

Total                                                                                                                                 695,200


Notes:
(1)      Fees for audit services consisted of fees incurred to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu ($693,700) in connection with the audit of the Company’s
         annual financial statements, review of the Company’s interim financial statements and other services related to securities regulatory
         matters.
(2)      Fees for non-audit services consisted of fees incurred to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu ($1,500) in connection with preparation of the
         Company’s Hong Kong Tax filings.

RESPONSIBILITIES IN RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility in preparing the financial statements that provide a true and fair view of
the financial affairs of the Company. With the assistance of the Company’s management, the directors ensure that the
financial statements are being prepared and published in a timely manner in accordance with the applicable accounting
standards and statutory requirements.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company has not made any changes to its notice of articles or articles.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Right to convene a meeting of shareholders
The general meetings of the Company provide an opportunity for communication between the shareholders and
the Board. Every company having securities listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange must hold its annual meeting of
shareholders within six months from the end of its fiscal year, or at such earlier time as is required by applicable
legislation.

Pursuant to Section 167 of the Business Corporations Act, shareholders who hold in the aggregate at least one-
twentieth of the issued shares of the Company that carry a right to vote at general meetings may requisition a general
meeting by delivering a signed written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary at the Company’s principal
place of business at Suite 660, 505 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V7X 1M4 for the purpose of
transacting any business that may be transacted at a general meeting.




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018         37
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Right to put enquiries to the Board
Shareholders have the right to put enquiries to the Board. All enquiries shall be in writing and sent by post to the
principal place of business of the Company at Suite 660, 505 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V7X
1M4, or by email to info@chinagoldintl.com for the attention of the Company secretary.

Right to put forward proposals at general meetings
There are no provisions allowing shareholders to propose new resolutions at general meetings under the Business
Corporations Act. However, qualified shareholders (as defined in section 187 of the Business Corporations Act) may put
forward a proposal for the next general meeting pursuant to Part 5, Division 7 of the Business Corporations Act.

INVESTOR RELATIONS AND COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company follows a policy of disclosing relevant information to shareholders in a timely manner. Members of
the Board meet and communicate with shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company. The Chairman
proposes separate resolutions for each issue to be considered and puts each proposed resolution to the vote by way of
a poll. Voting results are posted on the Company’s website on the day of the annual general meeting.

Our corporate website which contains corporate information, corporate governance practice, interim and annual reports,
news releases, announcements and circulars issued by the Company enables the Company’s shareholders to have
timely and updated information of the Company.




38    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                  CORPORATE INFORMATION

DIRECTORS                                    CORPORATE SECRETARY (CANADA)
Executive Directors                          Jerry Xie

Xin Song (Chairman)                          COMPANY SECRETARY (HONG KONG)
Liangyou Jiang (Chief Executive Officer)
                                             Ngai Wai Fung
Non-Executive Directors
                                             REGISTERED OFFICE
Yongqing Teng
                                             One Bentall Centre
Fuzhen Kang
                                             Suite 660, 505 Burrard Street
Xiangdong Jiang
                                             Vancouver, British Columbia
Independent Non-Executive Directors          Canada V7X 1M4

Ian He                                       PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Yunfei Chen
                                             40/F, Sunlight Tower
Gregory Hall
                                             248 Queen’s Road East,
John King Burns
                                             Wanchai, Hong Kong
AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                             PRINCIPAL BANK (CANADA)
Yunfei Chen (Chairman)
                                             BMO Bank of Montreal
Ian He
Gregory Hall                                 PRINCIPAL BANKS (HONG KONG)
John King Burns
                                             Bank of China
NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE          Agricultural Bank of China
COMMITTEE
                                             PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTER
Ian He (Chairman)
Yunfei Chen                                  AST Transfer Company Inc.
Gregory Hall                                 Suite 1600-1066 West Hastings Street
John King Burns                              Vancouver, British Columbia
                                             Canada V6E 3X1
COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS COMMITTEE
                                             HONG KONG SHARE REGISTER
John King Burns (Chairman)
Ian He                                       Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Yunfei Chen                                  Shops 1712-1716, 17/F
Gregory Hall                                 Hopewell Centre
                                             183 Queen’s Road East
HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL COMMITTEE   Wanchai, Hong Kong

Gregory Hall (Chairman)                      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
Ian He
Yunfei Chen                                  Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
John King Burns                              Certified Public Accountants
                                             One Pacific Place
TECHNICAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE                 35th Floor, 88 Queensway
                                             Hong Kong
Gregory Hall (Chairman)
                                             WEBSITE ADDRESS
                                             www.chinagoldintl.com
                                                                             Annual Report 2018   39
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2018.


(Stated in U.S. dollars, except as otherwise noted)




FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                              43

THE COMPANY                                             44

OVERVIEW                                                44

PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS                                  45

SELECTED ANNUAL INFORMATION                             46

OUTLOOK                                                 46        SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, ACQUISITIONS AND
                                                                  DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES. ASSOCIATES AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                                   47
                                                                  JOINT VENTURES, AND FUTURE PLAN FOR
SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA                       47        MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OF CAPITAL ASSETS      60

SELECTED QUARTERLY AND ANNUAL                                     CHARGE ON ASSETS                            60
PRODUCTION DATA AND ANALYSIS                            47
                                                                  EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN
REVIEW OF QUARTERLY AND                                           EXCHANGE RATES AND RELATED HEDGES           60
ANNUAL DATA                                             49
                                                                  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES               60
NON-IFRS MEASURES                                       51
                                                                  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS                  61
MINERAL PROPERTIES                                      52
                                                                  PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS                       62
THE CSH MINE                                            52
                                                                  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES               62
THE JIAMA MINE                                          54
                                                                  CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES               62
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES                         57
                                                                  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND
CASH FLOWS                                              58        OTHER INSTRUMENTS                           62

OPERATING CASH FLOW                                     59        OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS              62

INVESTING CASH FLOW                                     59        DIVIDEND AND DIVIDEND POLICY                63

FINANCING CASH FLOW                                     59        OUTSTANDING SHARES                          63

                                                                  DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
                                                                  AND INTERNAL CONTROL OVER
                                                                  FINANCIAL REPORTING                         63

                                                                  RISK FACTORS                                64

                                                                  QUALIFIED PERSON                            64
MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The following Management Discussion and Analysis of financial condition and results of operations (“MD&A”) is
prepared as of March 26, 2019. It should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto of China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. (referred to herein as “China Gold International”, the “Company”,
“we” or “our” as the context may require) for the year ended December 31, 2018 and the year ended December 31,
2017, respectively. Unless the context otherwise provides, references in this MD&A to China Gold International or the
Company refer to China Gold International and each of its subsidiaries collectively on a consolidated basis.

The following discussion contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the Company’s plans, objectives,
expectations and intentions, which are based on the Company’s current expectations and are subject to risks,
uncertainties and changes in circumstances. Readers should carefully consider all of the information set out in this
MD&A, including the risks and uncertainties outlined further in the Company’s Annual Information Form (“Annual
Information Form” or “AIF”) dated March 26, 2019 on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. For further information on risks and
other factors that could affect the accuracy of forward-looking statements and the result of operations of the Company,
please refer to the sections titled “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” and to discussions elsewhere within
this MD&A. China Gold International’s business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and
adversely affected by any of these risks.




42    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements made herein, other than statements of historical fact relating to the Company, represent forward-
looking information. In some cases, this forward-looking information can be identified by words or phrases such as “may”,
“will”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “contemplates”, “aim”, “estimate”, “intend”, “plan”, “believe”, “potential”, “continue”, “is/
are likely to”, “should” or the negative of these terms, or other similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking
information. This forward-looking information includes, among other things; China Gold International’s production
estimates, business strategies and capital expenditure plans; the development and expansion plans and schedules for
the CSH Mine and the Jiama Mine; China Gold International’s financial condition; the regulatory environment as well
as the general industry outlook; general economic trends in China; and statements respecting anticipated business
activities, planned expenditures, corporate strategies, participation in projects and financing, and other statements that
are not historical facts.

By their nature, forward-looking information involves numerous assumptions, both general and specific, which may
cause the actual results, performance or achievements of China Gold International and/or its subsidiaries to be
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward–looking
information. Some of the key assumptions include, among others, the absence of any material change in China Gold
International’s operations or in foreign exchange rates, the prevailing price of gold, copper and other non-ferrous metal
products; the absence of lower-than-anticipated mineral recovery or other production problems; effective income and
other tax rates and other assumptions underlying China Gold International’s financial performance as stated in the
Company’s technical reports for its CSH Mine and Jiama Mine; China Gold International’s ability to obtain regulatory
confirmations and approvals on a timely basis; continuing positive labor relations; the absence of any material adverse
effects as a result of political instability, terrorism, natural disasters, litigation or arbitration and adverse changes in
government regulation; the availability and accessibility of financing to China Gold International; and the performance
by counterparties of the terms and conditions of all contracts to which China Gold International and its subsidiaries are
a party. The forward-looking information is also based on the assumption that none of the risk factors identified in this
MD&A or in the AIF that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information actually
occurs.

Forward-looking information contained herein as of the date of this MD&A is based on the opinions, estimates and
assumptions of management. There are a number of important risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause
actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described as forward-looking information. China Gold
International disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information,
estimates, opinions or assumptions, future events or results, or otherwise except to the extent required by law. There
can be no assurance that forward-looking information will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events
could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. The forward-looking information in this MD&A is
expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking
information.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018      43
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



THE COMPANY
Overview
                                                                                 China Gold International is a gold and
                                                                                 base metal mining company based in
                                                                                 Vancouver, Canada. The Company’s
                                                                                 main business involves the operation,
                                                                                 acquisition, development and
                                                                                 exploration of gold and base metal
                                                                                 properties.

                                                                                 The Company’s principal mining
                                                                                 operations are the Chang Shan Hao
                                                                                 Gold Mine (“CSH Mine” or “CSH”),
                                                                                 located in Inner Mongolia, China and
                                                                                 the Jiama Copper-Gold Polymetallic
                                                                                 Mine (“Jiama Mine” or “Jiama”),
                                                                                 located in Tibet, China. China Gold
                                                                                 International holds a 96.5% interest
                                                                                 in the CSH Mine, while its Chinese
                                                                                 joint venture (“CJV”) partner holds the
remaining 3.5% interest. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Jiama Mine, which hosts a large scale copper-gold
polymetallic deposit containing copper, gold, molybdenum, silver, lead and zinc metals.

China Gold International’s common shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) and The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (“HKSE”) under the symbol CGG and the stock code 2099, respectively. Additional information
about the Company, including the Company’s Annual Information Form, is available on SEDAR at sedar.com as well as
Hong Kong Exchange News at hkexnews.hk.




44    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Performance Highlights
Three months ended December 31, 2018
•    Revenue increased by 22% to US$163.0 million from US$133.3 million for the same period in 2017.

•    Mine operating earnings decreased by 27% to US$33.3 million from US$45.7 million for the same period in 2017.

•    Net loss after income taxes of US$2.0 million decreased from a net profit of US$20.0 million for the same period
     in 2017.

•    Gold production from the CSH Mine decreased by 31% to 41,506 ounces from 59,998 ounces for the same
     period in 2017.

•    Copper production from the Jiama Mine increased by 19% to 17,711 tonnes (approximately 39.0 million pounds)
     from 14,905 tonnes (approximately 32.9 million pounds) for the same period in 2017. Gold produced was 22,150
     ounces compared to 17,893 ounces for the same period in 2017. The increase in production was primarily due to
     the output from the commercial production of the Phase II expansion.

Year ended December 31, 2018
•    Revenue increased by 39% to US$570.6 million from US$411.9 million for the same period in 2017.

•    Mine operating earnings decreased by 5% to US$110.7 million from US$116.8 million for the same period in
     2017.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2018     45
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



•    Net loss after income taxes of US$4.2 million decreased from a net profit of US$64.3 million for the same period
     in 2017.

•    Gold production from the CSH Mine decreased by 22% to 144,896 ounces from 186,957 ounces for the same
     2017 period.

•    Copper production from the Jiama Mine increased by 54% to 55,025 tonnes (approximately 121.3 million pounds)
     from 35,844 tonnes (approximately 79.0 million pounds) for the same period in 2017. Gold produced was 70,262
     ounces compared to 47,710 ounces for the same period in 2017. The increase in production was mainly due to
     the output from the commercial production of the Phase II expansion.

Selected Annual Information*
                                                                   Year ended December 31
                                                  2018           2017           2016              2015            2014

US$ Millions except for per share
Total revenue                                       571            412             339             340              278
Profit from operations                               43             79              34              39               73
Net (loss) profit                                    (4)            64             (12)             (7)              42
Basic (loss) earnings per share (cents)           (1.22)         15.93           (3.36)          (2.07)           10.02
Diluted (loss) earnings per share (cents)           N/A            N/A             N/A           (2.07)           10.02
Total assets                                      3,216          3,230           2,967           2,781            3,013
Total non-current liabilities                     1,301          1,324             737             971              850
Distribution or cash dividends declared
  per share                                           –              –                –               –               –


*    Prepared under IFRS

OUTLOOK
•    Projected gold production of 210,000 ounces in 2019.

•    Projected copper production of approximately 132 million pounds in 2019.

•    The Jiama Mine’s Phase II expansion consists of two series, with each series having a mining and mineral
     processing capacity of 22,000 tonnes per day (“tpd”). The Phase II, Series I expansion reached commercial
     production on December 31, 2017, followed by commercial production of Phase II, Series II effective July 1,
     2018, bringing the entire Phase II expansion project into commercial production. The Company was able to
     accelerate its development and commissioning to achieve commercial production for Series II ahead of schedule.
     The Company continues to ramp up operations at Series II to full design capacity of 22,000 tonnes per day
     (“tpd”). The full design capacity of ore processing at the Jiama Mine will increase to 50,000 tpd from the previous
     capacity of 28,000 tpd once Series II reaches full design capacity.




46    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                              MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



•      The Company will continue to leverage the technical and operating experience of the Company’s substantial
       shareholder, China National Gold Group Corporation (“CNG”), to improve operations at its mines. In addition, the
       Company continues to focus its efforts on increasing production while minimizing costs at both mines.

•      To fulfill its growth strategy, the Company is continually working with CNG and other interested parties to identify
       potential international mining acquisition opportunities, namely projects outside of China.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Selected Quarterly Financial Data
                                                                                    Quarter ended
                                                             2018                                              2017
(US$ in thousands except per share)          31-Dec     30-Sep        30-Jun       31-Mar       31-Dec    30-Sep      30-Jun     31-Mar

Revenue                                     162,957    158,841       142,087    106,685        133,312    98,543      97,916     82,110
Cost of sales                               129,693    123,743       106,294    100,131         87,621    71,565      72,923     62,986
Mine operating earnings                      33,264     35,098        35,793      6,554         45,691    26,978      24,993     19,124
General and administrative expenses          16,701     12,666        12,674      9,383         15,116     5,554       4,155      4,278
Exploration and evaluation expenses              (4)       134           251         78            176        40          53         36
Research and development expenses             7,374      3,068         2,800      2,553          4,193     1,549       1,505      1,498
Income from operations                        9,193     19,230        20,068     (5,460)        26,206    19,835      19,280     13,312
Foreign exchange (loss) gain                 (1,677)   (11,024)       (7,580)     4,463           (492)    1,838       4,001      2,845
Finance costs                                11,224     10,909        11,214     11,128          5,748     5,800       5,264      4,914
(Loss) profit before income tax              (3,346)      (998)        3,839       (465)        22,350    17,616      21,936     13,709
Income tax (credit) expense                  (1,351)     3,591         3,449     (2,469)         2,394       208       1,332      7,332
Net loss (profit)                            (1,995)    (4,589)          390      2,004         19,956    17,408      20,604      6,377
Basic (loss) earnings per share (cents)       (0.49)     (1.23)         0.05       0.45           4.91      4.33        5.09       1.60
Diluted earnings (loss) per share (cents)       N/A        N/A           N/A        N/A            N/A       N/A         N/A        N/A


Selected Quarterly And Annual Production Data and Analysis
CSH Mine                                                          Three months ended December 31,         Year ended December 31,
                                                                           2018           2017                  2018           2017

Gold sales (US$ million)                                                   52.15               72.88         186.80             233.64
Realized average price (US$) of gold per ounce                             1,306               1,271          1,286              1,264
Gold produced (ounces)                                                    41,506              59,998        144,896            186,957
Gold sold (ounces)                                                        39,928              57,350        145,272            184,829
Total production cost (US$ per ounce)                                      1,288               1,004          1,164              1,055
Cash production cost(1) (US$ per ounce)                                      817                 645            750                670


(1)    Non-IFRS measure. See ‘Non-IFRS measures’ section of this MD&A




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2018     47
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Gold production at the CSH Mine decreased by 31% to 41,506 ounces for the three months ended December 31,
2018 compared to 59,998 ounces for the three months ended December 31, 2017. The decrease in gold production is
attributed to lower volumes of ore mined during the 2018 period, which is in line with the revised mining plan.

The total production cost of gold for the three months ended December 31, 2018 increased to US$1,288 per ounce
compared to US$1,004 for the three month 2017 period. The cash production cost of gold for the three months ended
December 31, 2018 increased by approximately 27% to US$817, from US$645 per ounce for the same period in 2017,
mainly due to an approximately 30% lower grade of gold.

Jiama Mine                                                            Three months ended December 31,         Year ended December 31,
                                                                               2018             2017                2018             2017

Copper sales (US$ in millions)                                                  87.87              39.81          285.68             117.12
Realized average price 1 (US$) of copper per pound after smelting
   fee discount                                                                 2.26                2.55           2.37                2.25
Copper produced (tonnes)                                                      17,711              14,905         55,025              35,844
Copper produced (pounds)                                                  39,046,970          32,859,328    121,309,024          79,021,963
Copper sold (tonnes)                                                          16,663               8,333         53,280              25,814
Copper sold (pounds)                                                      36,735,800          18,370,737    117,462,608          56,909,435
Gold produced (ounces)                                                        22,150              17,893         70,262              47,710
Gold sold (ounces)                                                            21,941              12,756         66,545              40,294
Silver produced (ounces)                                                     987,628             808,457      3,212,452           2,365,578
Silver sold (ounces)                                                         856,090             635,746      3,009,074           1,884,516


Total production cost 2 (US$) of copper per pound                                2.73               2.82             2.97               2.47
Total production cost 2 (US$) of copper per pound after by-
  products credits 4                                                             1.82               1.72             2.08               1.36


Cash production cost 3 (US$) per pound of copper                                 2.10               2.27             2.25               2.05
Cash production cost 3 (US$) of copper per pound after by-
  products credits 4                                                             1.19               1.17             1.36               0.94


1     A discount factor of 18.8% to 22.4% is applied to the copper bench mark price to compensate the refinery costs incurred by the buyers
2     Production costs include expenditures incurred at the mine sites for the activities related to production including mining, processing,
      mine site G&A and royalties etc.
3     Non-IFRS measure. See ‘Non-IFRS measures’ section of this MD&A
4     By-products credit refers to the sales of gold and silver during the corresponding period.

During the three months ended December 31, 2018, the Jiama Mine produced 17,711 tonnes (approximately 39.05
million pounds) of copper, an increase of 19% compared with the three months ended December 31, 2017 (14,905
tonnes, or 32.86 million pounds). The increase in production is due to the commercial production of Phase II Series II.

During the three months ended December 31, 2018, both total production cost of copper per pound after by-products
and cash production cost of copper per pound after by-product increased as compared to the same period in 2017 due
to lower grades of ore produced.




48     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Review of Quarterly Data
Three months ended December 31, 2018 compared to three months ended December 31, 2017
Revenue of US$163.0 million for the fourth quarter of 2018 increased by US$29.7 million or 22%, from US$133.3
million for the same period in 2017.

Revenue from the CSH Mine was US$52.1 million, a decrease of US$20.8 million, compared to US$72.9 million for the
same period in 2017. Gold sold by the CSH Mine was 39,928 ounces (gold produced: 41,506 ounces), compared to
57,350 ounces (gold produced: 59,998 ounces) for the same period in 2017.

Revenue from the Jiama Mine was US$110.9 million, an increase of US$50.5 million, compared to US$60.4 million
for the same period in 2017. Total copper sold was 16,663 tonnes (36.7 million pounds) for the three months ended
December 31, 2018, an increase of 100% from 8,333 tonnes (18.4 million pounds) for the same period in 2017.

Cost of sales of US$129.7 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2018, increased by US$42.1 million or 48%
from US$87.6 million for the same period in 2017. The overall increase is primarily attributed to an increase of 161%
at Jiama. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue for the Company increased from 66% to 80% for the three months
ended December 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.

Mine operating earnings of US$33.3 million for the three months ended December 31, 2018 a decrease of 27%,
or US$12.4 million, from US$45.7 million for the same period in 2017. Mine operating earnings as a percentage of
revenue decreased from 34% to 20% for the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.

General and administrative expenses increased by US$1.6 million, from US$15.1 million for the quarter ended December
31, 2017 to US$16.7 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2018.

Research and development expenses increased by US$3.2 million, from US$4.2 million for the quarter ended December
31, 2017 to US$7.4 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2018.

Income from operations of US$9.2 million for the fourth quarter of 2018, decreased by US$17.0 million, compared to
US$26.2 million for the same period in 2017.

Finance costs of US$11.2 million for the three months ended December 31, 2018, increased by US$5.5 million
compared to US$5.7 million for the same period in 2017, primarily due to the Jiama Mine no longer capitalizing interest
expense for the Phase II expansion as of the commencement of commercial production of Jiama’s Phase II.

Foreign exchange loss increased to US$1.7 million for the three months ended December 31, 2018 from US$0.5 million
for the same period in 2017. The increase is related to the revaluation of monetary items held in Chinese RMB, which
was based on changes in the RMB/USD exchange rates.

Interest and other income of US$0.4 million for the three months ended December 31, 2018 decreased from US$2.4
million for the same period in 2017, due to lower income earned on term deposits and related party loans.

Income tax credit of US$1.4 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2018 increased from US$2.4 million of income
tax expenses for the comparative period in 2017. During the current quarter, the Company had US$2.3 million of
deferred tax credit compared to US$0.9 million for the same period in 2017.

Net loss of US$2.0 million for the fourth quarter of 2018, decreased by US$22.0 million, compared to net income of
US$20.0 million for the same period in 2017.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018     49
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Year ended December 31, 2018 compared to Year ended December 31, 2017
Revenue of US$570.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 increased by US$158.7 million or 39%, from
US$411.9 million for the same period in 2017.

Revenue from the CSH Mine was US$186.8 million, a decrease of US$46.8 million, compared to US$233.6 million for
the same period in 2017. Gold sold by the CSH Mine was 145,272 ounces (gold produced: 144,896 ounces), compared
to 184,829 ounces (gold produced: 186,957 ounces) for the same period in 2017.

Revenue from the Jiama Mine was US$383.8 million, an increase of US$205.6 million, compared to US$178.2 million
for the same period in 2017. Total copper sold was 53,280 tonnes (117.5 million pounds) for the year ended December
31, 2018, an increase of 106% from 25,814 tonnes (56.9 million pounds) for the same period in 2017.

Cost of sales of US$459.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, an increase of US$164.8 million or 56% from
US$295.1 million for the same period in 2017. The overall increase is primarily attributed to higher copper sales volume
at Jiama compared to the same period in 2017. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue for the Company increased
from 72% to 81% for year ended December 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.

Mine operating earnings of US$110.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, a decrease of 5%, or US$6.1
million, from US$116.8 million for the same period in 2017. Mine operating earnings as a percentage of revenue
decreased from 28% to 19% for the year ended December 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.

General and administrative expenses increased by US$22.3 million, from US$29.1 million for the year ended December
31, 2017 to US$51.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. The increase is mainly due to administration and
office expenditure at the Jiama Mine.

Research and development expenses increased by US$7.1 million, from US$8.7 million for the year ended December 31,
2017 to US$15.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2018.

Income from operations of US$43.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, decreased by US$35.6 million,
compared to US$78.6 million for the same period in 2017.

Finance costs of US$44.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, increased by US$22.8 million compared to
US$21.7 million for the same period in 2017. During the year ended December 31, 2018, interest payments of US$1.0
million (2017: US$24.7 million) were capitalized for borrowing costs related to the Jiama Mine expansion.

Foreign exchange loss of US$15.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, decreased from a gain of US$8.2
million for the same period in 2017. The decrease is related to the revaluation of monetary items held in Chinese RMB,
which is based on the depreciation of the RMB to USD exchange rates.

Interest and other income of US$16.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 increased from US$10.5 million for
the same period in 2017, partially due to sales of low grade product from the Jiama Mine.




50    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Income tax expense of US$3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 decreased by US$8.1 million from
US$11.3 million for the comparative period in 2017. During the year, both the CSH and Jiama mine qualified for
preferential tax rates of 15% and 9%, respectively. In addition, a US$2.3 million adjustment was made in 2018 for
an overprovision of PRC enterprise income tax related to the prior year. During the current period, the Company had
US$1.3 million of deferred tax expenses compared to US$3.0 million deferred tax credit for same period in 2017.

Net loss of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2018 was US$4.2 million, which decreased by US$68.5
million, compared to a net income of US$64.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2017

NON-IFRS MEASURES
The following table provides certain unit cost information on a cost of production per tonne of ore processed (non-IFRS)
basis for the CSH Mine for the three months and year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017:

                                                  Three months ended                           Year ended
CSH Mine                                             December 31,                             December 31,
                                                     2018                2017                 2018                2017
                                                      US$                 US$                  US$                 US$

Cost of mining per tonne of ore                       1.46                1.36                 1.43                1.35
Cost of mining waste per tonne of ore                 1.06                2.14                 4.09                1.86
Other mining costs per tonne of ore                   0.53                0.20                 0.33                0.20

Total mining costs per tonne of ore                   3.05                3.70                 5.85                3.41

Cost of reagents per tonne of ore                     1.83                1.32                 1.98                1.02
Other processing costs per tonne of ore               1.65                1.23                 1.51                0.98

Total processing cost per tonne of ore                3.48                2.55                 3.49                2.00


The cash cost of production is a measure that is not in accordance with IFRS.

The Company has included cash production cost per ounce gold data to supplement its consolidated financial
statements, which are presented in accordance with IFRS. Non-IFRS measures do not have any standardized meaning
prescribed under IFRS, and therefore they may not be comparable to similar measures employed by other companies.
The data is intended to provide additional information and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for
measures of performance, operating results or financial condition prepared in accordance with IFRS. The Company
has included cash production cost per ounce data because it understands that certain investors use this information
to determine the Company’s ability to generate earnings and cash flow. The measure is not necessarily indicative of
operating results, cash flow from operations, or financial condition as determined under IFRS. Cash production costs
are determined in accordance with the Gold Institute’s Production Cost Standard.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018      51
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



The following tables provide a reconciliation of cost of sales to the cash costs of production in total dollars and in dollars
per gold ounce for the CSH Mine or per copper pound for the Jiama Mine:

                                                                                    CSH Mine (Gold)
                                                   Three months ended December 31,                         Year ended December 31,
                                                 2018                      2017                       2018                      2017
                                                       US$ Per                     US$ Per                 US$ Per                   US$ Per
                                               US$       ounce           US$         ounce          US$      ounce          US$        ounce

Total production costs                   51,413,375       1,288 57,590,615            1,004 169,085,187          1,164 195,005,420          1,055
Adjustments                             (18,783,853)       (471) (20,599,684)          (359) (60,193,581)         (414) (71,096,501)         (385)

Total cash production costs              32,629,522         817    36,990,931           645 108,891,606            750 123,908,919            670


                                                                        Jiama Mine (Copper with by-products credits)
                                                   Three months ended December 31,                               Year ended December 31,
                                                 2018                       2017                         2018                         2017
                                                       US$ Per                     US$ Per                        US$ Per                  US$ Per
                                               US$       Pound           US$         Pound            US$            Pound        US$       Pound

Total production costs                  100,129,701         2.73 44,326,022            2.82 348,919,807           2.97 127,705,079            2.47
Adjustments                             (22,821,607)       (0.62) (8,617,209)         (0.55) (84,544,391)        (0.72) (21,460,499)         (0.42)

Total cash production costs              77,308,094         2.11   35,708,813          2.27 264,375,416           2.25 106,244,580           2.05

By-products credits                     (33,422,628)       (0.91) (17,256,583)        (1.10) (104,185,742)       (0.89) (57,429,843)         (1.11)

Total cash production costs after by-
   products credits                      43,885,466         1.20   18,452,230          1.17 160,189,674           1.36   48,814,737          0.94


The adjustments above include depreciation and depletion, amortization of intangible assets, and selling expenses
included in total production costs.

MINERAL PROPERTIES
The CSH Mine
The CSH Mine is located in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region of China (Inner Mongolia). The property hosts two low-
grade, near surface gold deposits, along with other mineralized prospects. The main deposit is called the Northeast
Zone (the “Northeast Zone”), while the second, smaller deposit is called the Southwest Zone (the “Southwest Zone”).

The CSH Mine is owned and operated by Inner Mongolia Pacific Mining Co. Limited, a Chinese Joint Venture in which
the Company holds a 96.5% interest and Ningxia Nuclear Industry Geological Exploration Institution (formerly known as
Brigade 217) holds the remaining 3.5%.




52      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



The CSH Mine has two open-pit mining operations and has a mining and processing capacity of 60,000 tpd.

The capital expenditure incurred in the CSH Mine for the year ended December 31, 2018 was US$57.9 million.

Major new contracts entered into during the year ended December 31, 2018 are as follows:

                                                                       Subject amount    Contract period
                                                                       (US $ millions)   (effective day and
Item No.   Contract Name                Counterpart                    Unit price        expiration date)     Date of Contract

1          Liquid Sodium Cyanide        Inner Mongolia Chengxin        Estimated: 19.9   2019.1.1 –           2018.12.12
              Purchase contract           Yongan Chemical Co., Ltd.                        2019.12.31
2          Powder mine transportation   Urad Zhongqi Taiyue            Estimated: 10.8   2018.12.21 –         2018.12.21
              and heap leaching site      Earthwork Engineering Co.,                       2021.12.20
              building contract           Ltd.


Production Update
                                                      Three months ended                            Year ended
CSH Mine                                                 December 31,                              December 31,
                                                         2018                 2017                 2018                    2017

Ore mined and placed on pad (tonnes)              2,879,128             4,665,896            9,938,110              19,666,184
Average ore grade (g/t)                                0.40                  0.57                 0.51                    0.56
Recoverable gold (ounces)                            22,209                50,874               95,262                 211,491
Ending ore inventory (ounces)                       165,250               212,051              165,250                 212,051
Waste rock mined (tonnes)                        19,517,887            23,663,584           67,858,227              91,383,879


For the three months ended December 31, 2018, the total amount of ore placed on the leach pad was 2.9 million
tonnes, with total contained gold of 22,209 ounces (691 kilograms). The overall accumulative project-to-date gold
recovery rate has slightly increased to approximately 54.02% at the end of December 2018 from 53.59% at the end of
September 2018. Of which, gold recovery from the phase I heap is 58.94% and; gold recovery from the Phase II heap
is 46.26% at end of 2018.

In the second half of 2017, there were a series of wall failures on one side of the pits at the CSH Mine leading to short
term interruptions of mining activities. 2017 production was not significantly impacted. The Company is conducting
studies to develop remediation plans to address the slope stability issues and to assess the impact on the long term
mine plan. 2019 and onwards production estimates have been reduced accordingly.

Exploration
The Company’s mineral exploration plan for 2017 included 10,450 +/- meters, involving nine or more drill sites. The
drill sites step out from known mineralized zones. The 2017 drilling program commenced in Q3 of 2017 and continued
to 2018.

The Company’s 2018 exploration program involved drilling of 6,005 +/- additional meters involving five or more drill
sites. By the end of 2018, 6,161 meters or 103% of the 2018 total has been completed. Combined 10,844 +/- meters
or 104% of the combined 2017 and 2018 drilling programs have now been completed. Analyses of samples are under
review.



                                                                                                   Annual Report 2018            53
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Mineral Resource Update
CSH Mine Resources by category, Northeast and Southwest pits combined at December 31, 2018 under NI 43-101:

                                                                                                 Metal
Type                                              Quantity Mt            Au g/t                Au t             Au Moz

Measured                                                 12.34            0.62                7.60                 0.24
Indicated                                               124.12            0.62               76.63                 2.46

M+I                                                     136.46            0.62               84.24                 2.71
Inferred                                                 80.36            0.52               41.51                 1.33


Mineral Reserves Update
CSH Mine Reserves by category, Northeast and Southwest pits combined at December 31, 2018 under NI 43-101:

                                                                                                 Metal
Type                                              Quantity Mt            Au g/t                Au t             Au Moz

Proven                                                   10.59            0.63                6.72                 0.22
Probable                                                 66.49            0.65               43.23                 1.39

Total                                                    77.08            0.65               49.96                 1.61


The Jiama Mine
The Company acquired the Jiama Mine on December 1, 2010. Jiama is a large copper-gold polymetallic deposit
containing copper, gold, silver, molybdenum, and other metals located in the Gandise metallogenic belt in Tibet
Autonomous Region of China.

The Jiama Mine has both underground mining and open-pit mining operations. Phase I of the Jiama Mine commenced
mining operations in the latter half of 2010 and reached its design capacity of 6,000 tpd in early 2011. Phase II of the
Jiama Mine commenced mining operations in 2018 with 44,000 tpd design capacity.

Phase II Expansion
The Jiama Expansion Program
The Jiama Mine’s Phase II expansion consists of two series, with each series having a mining and mineral processing
capacity of 22,000 tpd. The Phase II, Series I expansion reached commercial production at the end of 2017. The Series
II expansion commenced commercial production in July 2018.

The capital expenditure incurred for the Jiama Mine expansion for the year ended December 31, 2018 was US$137.7
million.




54      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Major new contracts entered into during the year ended December 31, 2018 are as follows:

                                                                                                    Contract period
                                                                                 Subject amount     (effective day and
Item No.   Contract Name                       Counterpart                       (US $ millions)    expiration date)     Date of Contract

1          Blasting Engineering Technology     Tibet Zhongjin Xinlian Blasting   Estimated: 12.1    2018.01.01 –         2018.01.01
              Service Contract                    Engineering Co., Ltd.                               2020.01.01
2          Cable Purchase Contract             Silon Cable Co., Ltd.             Estimated: 17.5    2018.05.29 –         2018.05.29
                                                                                                      2019.05.28
3          Cu-Pb-Zn Sales Contract           Beijing Yuyang Road Investment      Estimated: 9.1     2018.05.01 –         2018.05.01
                                                Co., Ltd.                                             2018.12.31
4          Copper Concentrate Sales Contract Tibet Huading Resources             Estimated: 105.8   2018.03.01 –         2018.03.01
                                                Development Co., Ltd.                                 2019.01.31
5          Copper Concentrate Sales Contract Tibet Ruijia Trade Co., Ltd.        Estimated: 90.7    2018.03.01 –         2018.03.01
                                                                                                      2019.02.28
6          Copper Concentrate Sales Contract Gansu Boda Mining Co., Ltd.         Estimated: 36.3    2018.03.01 –         2018.03.01
                                                                                                      2019.02.28
7          South Open-pit Production Period   Shaanxi Xiaoshanchuan Mineral      Estimated: 225.5   2018.11.01 –         2018.12.28
             Mining and Stripping Project        Resources Development and                            2023.10.31
                                                 Construction Co., Ltd.
8          Hornfels Open-pit Mining and       Shaanxi Xiaoshanchuan Mineral      Estimated: 203.1   2018.12.01 –         2018.12.28
             Stripping Project                   Resources Development and                            2023.11.30
                                                 Construction Co., Ltd.
9          Underground Mining – Cutting Well, Sichuan Chuan Coal Sixth           Estimated: 4.0     2018.08.15 –         2018.08.15
             Ventilation Well                    Engineering Construction Co.,                        2019.08.14
                                                 Ltd.
10         Copper Concentrate Sales Contract Tibet Huading Resources             Estimated: 8.6     2018.07.10 –         2018.07.08
                                                 Development Co., Ltd.                                2019.07.09


Production Update
Jiama Mine                                           Three months ended December 31,                   Year ended December 31,
                                                              2018               2017                        2018              2017

Ore processed (tonnes)                                       3,227,260              1,787,698         10,431,401                  5,033,396
Average copper ore grade (%)                                      0.78                   0.90               0.71                       0.87
Copper recovery rate (%)                                            78                     93                 75                         82
Average gold ore grade (g/t)                                      0.43                   0.47               0.39                       0.47
Gold recovery rate (%)                                              55                     67                 53                         63
Average silver ore grade (g/t)                                   19.59                  21.94              17.91                      25.95
Silver recovery rate (%)                                            54                     64                 53                         56




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2018            55
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



According to the mining plan for the Phase II expansion, the Jiama Mine began to produce low grade ore from the open
pit mine. As a result, the Company expected the average ore grade to be lower than previous years which used higher
grade ore from underground mining only. Production cost was also expected to be higher since the commencement of
commercial production of Phase II due to the lower grade of ore and lower recovery rates.

During 2018, metal recovery rates were also lower compared to the same period in 2017 due to presence of the
oxide ore from the open pit mine. Recovery rates are expected to increase in 2019 as the ratio of oxide ore gradually
decreases.

Exploration
In 2017 the Company developed an exploration program to test for structural controls, extensions of the known
mineralize zones and other targeted zones. The 2017-2018 programs called for 6,920 +/- meters involving nine surface
drill sites and 10,155 +/- meters involving fourteen +/- underground drill sites. The drilling program ended at fifteen
dill sites and 10,871 +/-meters, some projects are terminated in advance given natural condition. Core is being logged
and sent for assay. The evaluation of 2017-2018 exploration is expected to be completed in Q2 of 2020. The Company
plans to drill approximately 35,000 meters in 2019 and 2020.

Mineral Resources Estimate
An NI 43-101 compliant mineral resource estimate was independently completed by Mining One Pty Ltd. in November
2013, based on information collected up to November 12, 2012. The drilling programs subsequent to November 2012,
including an extensive drill program conducted in 2013, will be included in future updates of the Mineral Resources
and Reserves.

Mining One Pty Ltd. noted that gold and silver mineralization within the ore body had a significantly higher spatial
variability than the other elements. This classification takes into account the proposed large scale mining techniques
where Au and Ag will only be credits to the overall products from the operations. Mining One Pty Ltd has assumed that
Au and Ag will not be assigned a single cut-off grade for a selected mining block and will be mined in conjunction with
the other elements.

                                                 Jiama Project – Cu, Mo, Pb, Zn, Au, and Ag Mineral Resources under NI 43-101
                                                    Reported at a 0.3% Cu Equivalent Cut off grade*, as of December 31, 2018
                Quantity                                                                         Cu Metal Mo Metal Pb Metal         Zn Metal
Class                Mt         Cu %     Mo %       Pb %         Zn %      Au g/t      Ag g/t          (kt)       (kt)       (kt)       (kt)   Au Moz   Ag Moz

Measured           94.9         0.39      0.04      0.04        0.02        0.08        5.44         371        34.2        41.8       22.4     0.245    16.595
Indicated       1,369.1         0.41      0.03      0.05        0.03        0.11        5.93       5,590         463         732        460     4.762   261.145
M+I             1,463.9         0.41      0.03      0.05        0.03        0.11        5.90       5,961       497.4       773.7      482.4     5.008   277.740
Inferred          406.1         0.30      0.00      0.10        0.00        0.10         5.1       1,247         123         311        175       1.3      66.9


Note: Figures reported are rounded which may result in small tabulation errors.
        The Copper Equivalent basis for the reporting of resources has been compiled on the following basis:
        CuEq Grade: = (Ag Grade * Ag Price + Au Grade * Au Price + Cu Grade * Cu Price + Pb Grade * Pb Price +
                           Zn Grade * Zn Price + Mo Grade * Mo Price)/Copper Price




56      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Mineral Reserves Estimate
A Mineral Reserve estimate, dated November 20, 2013, has been independently verified by Mining One Pty Ltd. in
accordance with the CIM Definitions Standards under NI 43-101.

                                           Jiama Project Statement of NI 43-101 Mineral Reserve Estimate as of December 31, 2018
                 Quantity                                                                     Cu Metal Mo Metal Pb Metal Zn Metal
Class                 Mt      Cu %     Mo %       Pb %         Zn %       Au g/t     Ag g/t         (kt)        (kt)       (kt)  (kt)   Au Moz   Ag Moz

Proven                 20.8   0.61      0.05       0.05       0.03       0.21       8.99      126.4        9.5       10.3        6.9     0.140     6.026
Probable              398.4   0.56      0.03       0.13       0.08       0.18      11.21    2,427.9      128.2      548.2      317.3     2.285   143.574
P+P                   419.2   0.61      0.03       0.13       0.08       0.18      11.10    2,554.3      137.8      558.5      324.2     2.425   149.600


Notes:
1.       All Mineral Reserves have been estimated in accordance with the JORC code and have been reconciled to CIM standards as prescribed
         by the NI 43-101.
2.       Mineral Reserves were estimated using the following mining and economic factors:
         Open Pits:
         a)    5% dilution factor and 95% recovery were applied to the mining method;
         b)    an overall slope angles of 43 degrees;
         c)    a copper price of US$2.9/lbs;
         d)    an overall processing recovery of 88 – 90% for copper
         Underground:
         a)    10% dilution added to all Sub-Level Open Stoping;
         b)    Stope recovery is 87% for Sub-Level Open Stoping;
         c)    An overall processing recovery of 88 – 90% for copper.
3.       The cut-off grade for Mineral Reserves has been estimated at copper equivalent grades of 0.3% Cu (NSR) for the open pits and 0.45%
         Cu (NSR) for the underground mine.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The Company operates in a capital intensive industry. The Company’s liquidity requirements arise principally from the
need for financing the expansion of its mining and mineral processing operations, exploration activities and acquisition
of exploration and mining rights. The Company’s principal sources of funds have been proceeds from borrowing from
commercial banks in China, equity financings, and cash generated from operations. The Company’s liquidity primarily
depends on its ability to generate cash flow from its operations and to obtain external financing to meet its debt
obligations as they become due, as well as the Company’s future operating and capital expenditure requirements.

At December 31, 2018, the Company had an accumulated surplus of US$229.8 million, working capital of US$39.3
million and borrowings of US$1,210 million. The Company’s cash balance at December 31, 2018 was US$138.0
million.




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2018         57
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Management believes that its forecast operating cash flows are sufficient to cover the next twelve months of the
Company’s operations including its planned capital expenditures and current debt repayments. The Company’s
borrowings are comprised of US$505.7 million of 3.25% unsecured bonds maturing on July 6, 2020, of which US$16.1
million is included in the current portion of borrowings, and US$107.8 million of short term debt facilities with interest
rates ranging from 2.75% to 4.35% per annum arranged through various banks in China. In addition, on November
3, 2015, the Company entered into a Loan Facility agreement with a syndicate of banks, led by Bank of China. The
lenders agreed to lend an aggregate principle amount of RMB3.98 billion, approximately US$613 million with the
interest rate of 2.83% per annum currently. The People’s Bank of China Lhasa Center Branch’s interest rate serves as a
benchmark for the interest on the drawdowns. The bank’s interest rate is then discounted by 7 basis points (or 0.07%)
to calculate the interest on the drawdowns. The proceeds from the Loan Facility are to be used for the development of
the Jiama Mine. The loan is secured by the mining rights for the Jiama Mine. As of December 31, 2018 the Company
has drawdown RMB3.495 billion, approximately US$509.2 million under the Loan Facility. The Company believes that
the availability of debt financing in China at favorable rates will continue for the foreseeable future. On July 6, 2017, the
Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Skyland Mining (BVI) Limited, completed the issuance of bonds in an
aggregate principal amount of US$500 million. The bonds were issued at a price of 99.663%, bearing coupon rate of 3.25%
with a maturity date of July 6, 2020. The bonds are listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as of July 7,
2017.

The Company continues to review and assess its assets for impairment as part of its financial reporting processes.
To date, the assessment carried out by the Company support the carrying values of the Company’s assets and no
impairment has been required. However, the management of the Company continues to evaluate key assumptions on
estimates and management judgements in order to determine the recoverable amount of the CSH Mine and the Jiama
Mine.

Cash flows
The following table sets out selected cash flow data from the Company’s consolidated cash flow statements for the years
ended December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017.

                                                                                           Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2018              2017
                                                                                             US$’000            US$’000

Net cash from operating activities                                                            154,944                98,551
Net cash (used in) investing activities                                                      (128,899)              (88,114)
Net cash (used in) from financing activities                                                  (29,908)               78,193
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                           (3,863)               88,630
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                           (5,459)               (1,242)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                147,318                59,930

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                      137,996               147,318




58    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Operating cash flow
For the year ended December 31, 2018, net cash inflow from operating activities was US$154.9 million which is
primarily attributable to (i) depreciation and depletion of US$127.0 million (ii) increase of account payables of US$46.0
million and (iii) finance cost of US$44.5 million, partially offset by (i) increase in inventory of US$56.2 million and (ii)
interest paid of US$42.5 million.

Investing cash flow
For the year ended December 31, 2018, the net cash outflow from investing activities was US$128.9 million which is
primarily attributable to (i) placement of restricted cash balances of US$162.8 million, (ii) payment for the acquisition of
property, plant and equipment of US$117.3 million, partially offset by (i) release of restricted bank balance of US$164.0
million and (ii) interest received of US$2.6 million.

Financing cash flow
For the year ended December 31, 2018, the net cash outflow from financing activities was US$29.9 million which is
primarily attributable to repayment of borrowings of US$237.5 million, partially offset by proceeds of borrowings of
US$208.0 million.

Expenditures Incurred
For the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company incurred mining costs of US$92.0 million, mineral processing
costs of US$110.1 million and transportation costs of US$7.8 million.

Gearing ratio
Gearing ratio is defined as the ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated total equity. As at December 31, 2018,
the Company’s total debt was US$1,210 million and the total equity was US$1,489 million. The Company’s gearing ratio
was therefore 0.81 as at December 31, 2018 and 0.84 as at December 31, 2017.

Restrictive covenants
The Company is subject to various customary conditions and covenants under the terms of its financing agreements.

Under a Loan Facility agreement entered on November 3, 2015 between the Company and a syndicated of banks,
led by Bank of China pursuant to which the banks agreed to lend to Tibet Huatailong, the Company’s subsidiary, the
aggregate principle amount of RMB3.98 billion (approximately US$613 million), the debt to assets ratio of Huatailong
should be less than 75% during the term of the agreement.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018     59
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES. ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES,
AND FUTURE PLAN FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OF CAPITAL ASSETS
Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this MD&A or in the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year
ended December 31, 2018, there were no significant investments held by the Company, nor were there any material
acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the year ended December 31, 2018. Other
than as disclosed in this MD&A, there was no plan authorized by the Board for other material investments or additions
of capital assets at the date of this MD&A.

CHARGE ON ASSETS
Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this MD&A and annual consolidated financial statements, none of the Group’s
assets were pledged as at December 31, 2018.

EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN EXCHANGE RATES AND RELATED HEDGES
The Company is exposed to the financial risk related to the fluctuation of foreign exchange rates for the monetary assets
and liabilities denominated in the currencies other than the functional currencies to which they relate. The Company
has not hedged its exposure to currency fluctuation. However, the Management monitors foreign exchange exposure
and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise. Refer to Note 32, Financial
Instruments, in the annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Commitments and contingencies include principal payments on the Company’s bank loans and syndicated loan facility,
material future aggregate minimum operating lease payments required under operating leases and capital commitments
in respect of the future acquisition of property, plant and equipment and construction for both the CSH Mine and the
Jiama Mine.

The Company has leased certain properties in China and Canada, which are all under operating lease arrangements and
are negotiated for terms of between one and seventeen years. The Company is required to pay a fixed rental amount
under the terms of these leases.

The Company’s capital commitments relate primarily to the payments for purchase of equipment and machinery for both
mines and payments to third-party contractors for the provision of mining and exploration engineering work and mine
construction work for both mines. The Company has entered into contracts that prescribe such capital commitments;
however, liabilities relating to them have not yet been incurred. Refer to Note 33, Commitments and Contingencies, in
the annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.

On July 7, 2017, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Skyland Mining (BVI) Limited, issued bonds on the
HKSE, denominated U.S. dollar, with an aggregate principal amount of US$500 million. The Bonds were issued at a
price of 99.663%, bearing a coupon of 3.25% per annum with a maturity date of July 6, 2020. Interest is payable in
semi-annual installments on January 6 and July 6 of each year.




60    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



The following table outlines payments for commitments for the periods indicated:

                                                                                      Within      Within Two               Over
                                                                Total               One year    to five years           5 years
                                                             US$’000                US$’000         US$’000            US$’000

Principal repayment of bank loans                            704,483                107,822         311,808            284,853
Repayment of bonds including interest                        505,675                 16,099         489,576                  –
Operating lease commitments (a)                                  364                    111             141                112
Capital Commitments (b)                                       61,657                 61,657               –                  –

Total                                                      1,272,179                185,689         801,525            284,965


(a)     Operating leases are primarily for premises and production.
(b)     Capital commitments relate to contracts signed for construction and equipment supply.

In addition to the table set forth above, the Company has entered into service agreements with third-party contractors
such as China Railway for the provision of mining and exploration engineering work and mine construction work for the
CSH Mine. The fees for such work performed and to be performed each year varies depending on the amount of work
performed. The Company has similar agreements with third party contractors for the Jiama Mine.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
CNG owned 39.3 percent of the outstanding common shares of the Company as at December 31, 2018 and December
31, 2017.

The Company had major related party transactions with the following companies related by way of shareholders and
shareholder in common:

The Company’s subsidiary, Inner Mongolia Pacific is a party to a non-exclusive contract for the purchase and sale of
doré with CNG (the “Dore Sales Contract”) pursuant to which Inner Mongolia Pacific sells gold doré bars to CNG. The
pricing is based on the monthly average price of gold ingot as quoted on the Shanghai Gold Exchange and the daily
average price of silver as quoted on the Shanghai Huatong Platinum & Silver Exchange prevailing at the time of each
relevant purchase order during the contract period. The Dore Sales Contract has been in effect since October 24, 2008
and has been renewed for a current term that commences on January 1, 2018 and expires on December 31, 2020,
which renewal was approved by the Company’s shareholders on June 28, 2017.

Revenue from sales of gold doré bars to CNG of US$186.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 decreased
from US$233.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2017.

The Company is also a party to a Product and Service Framework Agreement with CNG, pursuant to which CNG
provides construction, procurement and equipment financing services to the Company and also purchases the copper
concentrates produced at the Jiama Mine. The quantity of copper concentrates, pricing terms and payment terms may
be established from time to time by the parties with reference to the pricing principles for connected transactions set
out under the Product and Service Framework Agreement. On June 28, 2017, the Supplemental Product and Service
Framework Agreement was approved and extended to expire on December 31, 2020. For the year ended December
31, 2018, revenue from sales of copper concentrate and other products to CNG was US$127.5 million, compared to
US$101.2 million for the same period in 2017.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2018   61
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



For the year ended December 31, 2018, construction services of US$16.5 million were provided to the Company by
subsidiaries of CNG (US$21.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2017).

In addition to the two aforementioned major related party transactions, the Company also obtains additional services
from related parties in its normal course of business, including a Deposit Services Agreement and Loan Agreement
entered into on December 18, 2017 and renewed on December 18, 2018 among the Company and China Gold
Finance.

PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS
The Board of Directors has given the Company approval to conduct reviews of a number of projects that may qualify
as acquisition targets through joint venture, merger and/or outright acquisitions. The Group did not have any material
acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies in the year ended December 31, 2018. The Company
continues to review possible acquisition targets.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies, the Directors of the Company have identified accounting
judgments and key sources of estimation uncertainty that have a significant effect on the amounts recognized in the
audited annual consolidated financial statements.

Key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of each reporting
period that have a risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the
next twelve months are described in Note 4 of the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2018.

CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
A summary of new and revised IFRS standards and interpretations are outlined in Note 2 of the audited annual
consolidated financial statements as at December 31, 2018.

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS
The Company holds a number of financial instruments, the most significant of which are equity securities, accounts
receivables, accounts payables, cash and loans. The financial instruments are recorded at either fair values or amortized
amount on the balance sheet.

The Company did not have any financial derivatives or outstanding hedging contracts as at December 31, 2018.

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
As at December 31, 2018, the Company had not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements.




62    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



DIVIDEND AND DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has not paid any dividends since incorporation and does not currently have a fixed dividend policy.
The Board of Directors will determine any future dividend policy on the basis of, among others things, the results of
operations, cash flows and financial conditions, operating and capital requirements, the rules promulgated by the
regulators affecting dividends in both Canada and Hong Kong and at both the TSX and HKSE, and the amount of
distributable profits and other relevant factors.

Subject to the British Columbia Business Corporations Act, the Directors may from time to time declare and authorize
payment of such dividends as they may deem advisable, including the amount thereof and the time and method of
payment provided that the record date for the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to receive payment of the
dividend must not precede the date on which the dividend is to be paid by more than two months.

A dividend may be paid wholly or partly by the distribution of cash, specific assets or of fully paid shares or of bonds,
debentures or other securities of the Company, or in any one or more of those ways. No dividend may be declared or
paid in money or assets if there are reasonable grounds for believing that the Company is insolvent or the payment of
the dividend would render the Company insolvent.

OUTSTANDING SHARES
As of December 31, 2018 the Company had 396,413,753 common shares issued and outstanding.

DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES AND INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Management is responsible for the design of disclosure controls and procedures (“DC&P”) and the design of internal
control over financial reporting (“ICFR”) to provide reasonable assurance that material information relating to the
Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the Company’s certifying officers. The Company’s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have each evaluated the Company’s DC&P and ICFR as of December
31, 2018 and, in accordance with the requirements established under Canadian National Instrument 52-109 –
Certification of Disclosure in Issuer’s Annual and Interim Filings, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that these controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2018, and provide reasonable
assurance that material information relating to the Company is made known to them by others within the Company and
that the information required to be disclosed in reports that are filed or submitted under Canadian securities legislation
are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in those rules.

The Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have used the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) 2013 framework to evaluate the Company’s ICFR as of December 31, 2018 and
have concluded that these controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2018 and provide reasonable
assurance that financial information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner. Management
is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. The
result of the inherent limitations in all control systems means design of controls cannot provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. During the year ended December 31, 2018, there were
no changes in the Company’s DC&P or ICFR that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2018      63
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



RISK FACTORS
There are certain risks involved in the Company’s operations, some of which are beyond the Company’s control. Aside
from risks relating to business and industry, the Company’s principal operations are located within the People’s Republic
of China and are governed by a legal and regulatory environment that in some respects differs from that which prevails
in other countries. Readers of this MD&A should give careful consideration to the information included in this document
and the Company’s audited annual consolidated financial statements and related notes. Significant risk factors for the
Company are metal prices, government regulations, foreign operations, environmental compliance, the ability to obtain
additional financing, risk relating to recent acquisitions, dependence on management, title to the Company’s mineral
properties, and litigation. China Gold International’s business, financial condition or results of operations could be
materially and adversely affected by any of these risks. For details of risk factors, please refer to the Company’s annual
audited consolidated financial statements, and Annual Information Form filed from time to time on SEDAR at www.
sedar.com.

QUALIFIED PERSON
Disclosure of scientific or technical information in this MD&A was approved by Mr. Zhongxin Guo, P.Eng. the Company’s
chief engineer and a Qualified Person (“QP”) for the purposes of NI 43-101.

March 26, 2019




64    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD.

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages 70 to 151, which comprise
the consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2018, and the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash
flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at December 31, 2018, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows
for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics
Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTER
Key audit matter is that matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on this matter.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2018      65
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. - (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

KEY AUDIT MATTER (Cont’d)

Impairment assessment of mining rights and                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter
property, plant and equipment

We identified the impairment assessment of mining rights       Our procedures in relation to the impairment assessment
and property, plant and equipment as key audit matter          of mining rights and property, plant and equipment
due to significant management judgement involved in the        included:
impairment assessment.
                                                               •    Obtaining an understanding of the key controls over
As at December 31, 2018, the market capitalisation of the
                                                                    the impairment assessment of the Group’s mining
Company was below the carrying value of its net assets
of approximately US$1,489 million. This may indicate                rights and property, plant and equipment;
the need for a write-down of the carrying amounts of the
                                                               •    Evaluating the sensitivity analysis for the key
Group’s mining rights and property, plant and equipment.
                                                                    assumptions in the valuation models for risk
As disclosed in notes 21 and 22 to the consolidated                 assessment;
financial statements, the carrying values of the Group’s
property, plant and equipment and mining rights as at          •    Assessing the appropriateness of the Group’s
December 31, 2018 were approximately US$1,765 million               identification of individual CGU;
and US$920 million, respectively.
                                                               •    Assessing the reasonableness of the key assumptions
The Group’s two cash-generating units (“CGUs”) for                  used in the valuation models with reference to the
impairment assessment purposes include the mining rights
                                                                    historical accuracy of such forecasts and the current
and the related property, plant and equipment associated
                                                                    operational results;
with the Group’s gold mine, located in Inner Mongolia,
China and copper mine, located in Tibet, China. When
                                                               •    Evaluating the independent external valuer’s
an impairment review is undertaken, recoverable amount
                                                                    competence, capabilities and objectivity;
is assessed with reference to the higher of value in use
(“VIU”) and fair value less costs of disposal. VIU is based    •    Engaging our internal valuation experts to evaluate
on the discounted cash flows expected to be derived from
                                                                    the appropriateness of the valuation methodology,
the Group’s CGUs, taking into account the appropriate
                                                                    technical information provided by external valuation
discount rate.
                                                                    expert and the key assumptions used in the valuation
As disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial                models against external benchmarks, our knowledge
statements, the management exercises significant                    of the Group and its industry; and
judgement in respect of the key assumptions applied in
the VIU calculation, such as future metal selling price,       •    Comparing the input data in the cash flow forecast
recoverable reserves, resources, exploration potential,             to the source document.
production cost estimates, future operating costs and
discount rates.

During the year ended December 31, 2018, no impairment
loss was recognised for the Group’s mining rights and
property, plant and equipment.




66    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. - (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to
report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,
and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2018      67
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. - (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Cont’d)
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
     resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
     omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
     related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
     the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
     significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
     exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
     financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
     the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause
     the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
     a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
     within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
     direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.




68    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. - (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Cont’d)
From the matter communicated with those charged with governance, we determine that matter that was of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and is therefore the key audit
matter. We describe this matter in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits
of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Wong Ka I.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu

Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong

March 26, 2019




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018     69
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




                                                                                 2018        2017
                                                                       NOTES   US$’000     US$’000


Revenue                                                                  5      570,570     411,881
Cost of sales                                                                  (459,861)   (295,095)


Mine operating earnings                                                        110,709     116,786


Expenses
  General and administrative expenses                                    6      (51,424)    (29,103)
  Exploration and evaluation expenditure                                 7         (459)       (305)
  Research and development expenses                                             (15,795)     (8,745)


                                                                                (67,678)    (38,153)


Income from operations                                                          43,031      78,633


Other (expenses) income
  Foreign exchange (loss) gain, net                                             (15,818)      8,192
  Interest and other income                                                      16,292      10,512
  Finance costs                                                          8      (44,475)    (21,726)


                                                                                (44,001)     (3,022)


(Loss) profit before income tax                                                    (970)     75,611
Income tax expense                                                       9       (3,220)    (11,266)


(Loss) profit for the year                                              10       (4,190)    64,345


Other comprehensive (expenses) income for the year
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
   Fair value loss on equity instruments at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                                                        (1,461)          –
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange difference arising on translation                                   (14,601)    18,783
   Fair value gain on available-for-sale investment                                   –      6,943


Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year                               (20,252)    90,071




70    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




                                                                                     2018               2017
                                                                     NOTE          US$’000            US$’000


(Loss) profit for the year attributable to:
  Non-controlling interests                                                             647             1,199
  Owners of the Company                                                              (4,837)           63,146


                                                                                     (4,190)           64,345


Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year attributable to:
  Non-controlling interests                                                             651             1,192
  Owners of the Company                                                             (20,903)           88,879


                                                                                    (20,252)           90,071


(Loss) earnings per share – Basic (US$)                               13        (1.22) cents       15.93 cents


Weighted average number of common shares
 – Basic                                                              13       396,413,753        396,413,753




                                                                                      Annual Report 2018   71
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AT DECEMBER 31, 2018




                                                                                 2018        2017
                                                                      NOTES    US$’000     US$’000

Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                              14      137,996     147,318
Restricted bank balance                                                14       16,100      18,089
Trade and other receivables                                            15       23,303      24,848
Prepaid expenses and deposits                                          16        4,107       2,769
Prepaid lease payments                                                 17          446         466
Inventories                                                            18      282,958     224,501

                                                                               464,910     417,991

Non-current assets
Prepaid expenses and deposits                                          16        30,813      15,431
Prepaid lease payments                                                 17        14,515      15,659
Deferred tax assets                                                     9             –       2,562
Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income    19        20,230           –
Available-for-sale investments                                         20             –      21,823
Property, plant and equipment                                          21     1,765,360   1,809,724
Mining rights                                                          22       920,067     947,254

                                                                              2,750,985   2,812,453

Total assets                                                                  3,215,895   3,230,444


Current liabilities
Accounts and other payables and accrued expenses                       23      292,013     227,410
Contract liabilities                                                   24        4,593           –
Borrowings                                                             25      123,921     161,489
Tax liabilities                                                                  5,074       7,702

                                                                               425,601     396,601

Net current assets                                                              39,309      21,390

Total assets less current liabilities                                         2,790,294   2,833,843

Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                                             25     1,086,237   1,113,444
Deferred tax liabilities                                               9        122,732     123,959
Deferred income                                                        27         3,478       4,579
Entrusted loan payable                                                 26        29,140      30,608
Environmental rehabilitation                                           28        59,469      51,269

                                                                              1,301,056   1,323,859

Total liabilities                                                             1,726,657   1,720,460




72     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                       AT DECEMBER 31, 2018




                                                                                      2018               2017
                                                                  NOTE              US$’000            US$’000


Owners’ equity
Share capital                                                       29            1,229,061          1,229,061
Reserves                                                                             15,570             37,176
Retained profits                                                                    229,802            229,099


                                                                                  1,474,433          1,495,336
Non-controlling interests                                                            14,805             14,648


Total owners’ equity                                                              1,489,238          1,509,984


Total liabilities and owners’ equity                                              3,215,895          3,230,444


The consolidated financial statements on pages 70 to 151 were approved and authorized for issue by the Board of
Directors on March 26, 2019 and are signed on its behalf by:




                            Xin Song                                        Liangyou Jiang
                            Director                                           Director




                                                                                      Annual Report 2018    73
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




                                                                                            Attributable to the owners of the Company
                                                                                            Investments                                                                    Non-        Total
                                                           Number       Share      Equity    revaluation      Exchange         Statutory    Retained                 controlling     owners’
                                                         of shares     capital    reserve        reserve        reserve        reserves       profits    Subtotal      interests      equity
                                                                      US$’000    US$’000       US$’000        US$’000          US$’000      US$’000      US$’000       US$’000      US$’000
                                                                                                                                 (Note)


At January 1, 2017                                    396,413,753    1,229,061    11,179         1,278         (19,429)          12,163     172,205     1,406,457       13,732     1,420,189


Profit for the year                                             –            –         –             –               –                  –    63,146       63,146         1,199       64,345
Fair value gain on available-for-sale investment                –            –         –         6,943               –                  –         –        6,943             –        6,943
Exchange difference arising on translation                      –            –         –             –          18,790                  –         –       18,790            (7)      18,783


Total comprehensive income for the year                         –            –         –         6,943          18,790                  –    63,146       88,879         1,192       90,071
Transfer to statutory reserve
  – appropriation from retained profits                         –            –         –              –               –             825         (825)           –             –            –
Transfer to statutory reserve
  – safety production fund                                      –            –         –              –               –           5,427       (5,427)           –             –            –
Dividend paid to a non-controlling shareholder                  –            –         –              –               –               –            –            –          (276)        (276)


At December 31, 2017                                  396,413,753    1,229,061    11,179         8,221            (639)          18,415     229,099     1,495,336       14,648     1,509,984


At January 1, 2018                                    396,413,753    1,229,061    11,179         8,221            (639)          18,415     229,099     1,495,336       14,648     1,509,984
Impact of adopting IFRS 9 on January 1,
    2018 (note 2)                                               –            –         –         (8,551)              –                 –     8,551             –             –            –


At January 1, 2018 (restated)                         396,413,753    1,229,061    11,179           (330)          (639)          18,415     237,650     1,495,336       14,648     1,509,984


(Loss) profit for the year                                      –            –         –              –               –                 –     (4,837)      (4,837)         647        (4,190)
Fair value loss on equity instruments at fair value
    through other comprehensive income                          –            –         –         (1,461)             –                  –          –       (1,461)            –       (1,461)
Exchange difference arising on translation                      –            –         –              –        (14,605)                 –          –      (14,605)            4      (14,601)


Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year               –            –         –         (1,461)       (14,605)                 –     (4,837)     (20,903)         651       (20,252)
Transfer to statutory reserve
  – appropriation from retained profits                         –            –         –              –               –           3,708       (3,708)           –             –            –
Transfer from
  – safety production fund                                      –            –         –              –               –            (697)        697             –             –            –
Dividend paid to a non-controlling shareholder                  –            –         –              –               –               –           –             –          (494)        (494)


At December 31, 2018                                  396,413,753    1,229,061    11,179         (1,791)       (15,244)          21,426     229,802     1,474,433       14,805     1,489,238




74         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




Note:
Statutory reserves which consist of (1) appropriations from the profit after taxation of the subsidiaries established in the People’s Republic
of China (“PRC”) and (2) provision of safety production fund of the subsidiaries engaged in the exploration and development in the mining
industry, form part of the equity of PRC subsidiaries. In accordance with the PRC Company Law and the Articles of Association of the PRC
subsidiaries, the PRC subsidiaries are required to appropriate an amount equal to a minimum of 10% of their profits after taxation each year to
a statutory reserve until the reserve reaches 50% of the registered capital of the respective subsidiaries. In accordance with the PRC Company
Law and the Articles of Association of the PRC subsidiaries, the PRC subsidiaries are required to appropriate an amount, equal to RMB5 per
ton multiplied by the volume of ore mined less actual payment, each year to a statutory reserve.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2018          75
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




                                                                  2018        2017
                                                                US$’000     US$’000


Operating activities
(Loss) profit before income tax                                     (970)    75,611
Items not requiring use of cash and cash equivalents:
   Amortisation of mining rights                                 23,835        5,603
   Depreciation                                                 127,019       87,617
   Interest income                                               (2,588)      (5,187)
   Dividend income                                                 (431)           –
   Finance costs                                                 44,475       21,726
   Allowance for credit losses                                      133            –
   Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                 44          206
   Release of prepaid lease payment                                 497          374
   Release of deferred income                                      (545)        (548)
   Reversal of allowance for credit losses                            –         (188)
   Unrealised foreign exchange losses (gains), net               17,766      (11,773)
Change in operating working capital items:
   Trade and other receivables                                     2,018     (18,806)
   Prepaid expenses and deposits                                    (291)        394
   Inventories                                                   (56,245)     (3,347)
   Contract liabilities                                            1,797           –
   Accounts and other payables and accrued expenses               45,969       5,254


Cash generated from operations                                  202,483     156,936
Environmental rehabilitation expense paid                          (828)        (11)
Interest paid                                                   (42,474)    (43,620)
Income taxes paid                                                (4,237)    (14,754)


Net cash from operating activities                              154,944      98,551


Investing activities
Interest received                                                  2,588       5,620
Dividend received                                                    431           –
Payment for acquisition of mining rights                               –     (26,694)
Payment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment        (117,258)   (228,752)
Deposit paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment    (16,112)       (115)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment               13          35
Payment for acquisition of land use right                              –        (866)
Placement of restricted bank balance                            (162,773)   (173,253)
Release of restricted bank balance                               163,956     177,429
Receipt of government grant                                          256         482
Proceeds from repayment of loans to related companies                  –     158,000


Net cash used in investing activities                           (128,899)    (88,114)


76    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




                                                                                     2018               2017
                                                                                   US$’000            US$’000


Financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings                                                            208,113           699,389
Repayments of borrowings                                                           (237,527)         (621,534)
Proceeds from entrusted loan                                                              –            29,186
Repayment of entrusted loan                                                               –           (28,572)
Dividend paid to a non-controlling shareholder                                         (494)             (276)


Net cash (used in) from financing activities                                        (29,908)           78,193


Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                                (3,863)            88,630
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                       147,318             59,930
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                (5,459)            (1,242)


Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                             137,996            147,318




                                                                                      Annual Report 2018   77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




1.   GENERAL
     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd., (the “Company”) is a publicly listed company incorporated in
     British Columbia, Canada on May 31, 2000 with limited liability under the legislation of the Province of British
     Columbia and its shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) and The Stock Exchange of Hong
     Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The Company together with its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the
     “Group”) is principally engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and mining of mineral reserves in
     the PRC. Particulars of the subsidiaries of the Company are set out in note 36. The Group considers that China
     National Gold Group Co., Ltd. (formerly known as China National Gold Group Corporation) (“CNG”), a state owned
     company registered in Beijing, PRC which is controlled by State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
     Commission of the State Council of the PRC, is able to exercise significant influence over the Company.

     The head office, principal address and registered and records office of the Company are located at Suite 660, One
     Bentall Centre, 505 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V7X 1M4.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in United States Dollars (“US$”) which is also the functional
     currency of the Company.

2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)
     New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     The Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs issued by International Accounting Standards
     Board (“IASB”) for the first time in the current year:

     IFRS 9                                Financial Instruments
     IFRS 15                               Revenue from Contracts with Customers and the related Amendments
     IFRIC 22                              Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration
     Amendments to IFRS 2                  Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment Transactions
     Amendments to IFRS 4                  Applying IFRS 9 Financial Instruments with IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts
     Amendments to IAS 28                  As part of the Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2014 – 2016 Cycle
     Amendments to IAS 40                  Transfers of Investment Property

     Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had no
     material impact on the Group’s financial performance and positions for the current and prior years and/or on the
     disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




78   China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)
     (Cont’d)

     New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (Cont’d)
     2.1   IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
           The Group has applied IFRS 15 for the first time in the current year. IFRS 15 superseded IAS 18 Revenue
           and the related interpretations.

           The Group has applied IFRS 15 retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying this Standard
           recognised at the date of initial application, January 1, 2018. Any difference at the date of initial application
           is recognised in the opening retained profits (or other components of equity, as appropriate) and comparative
           information has not been restated. Furthermore, in accordance with the transition provisions in IFRS 15, the
           Group has elected to apply the Standard retrospectively only to contracts that are not completed at January 1,
           2018. Accordingly, certain comparative information may not be comparable as comparative information was
           prepared under IAS 18 Revenue and the related interpretations.

           The Group recognises revenue from the following major sources which arise from contracts with customers:

           •       Sales of gold dore bars

           •       Sales of copper concentrate and other by-products

           Information about the Group’s performance obligations and the accounting policies resulting from application
           of IFRS 15 are disclosed in notes 5 and 3 respectively.

           Summary of effects arising from initial application of IFRS 15
           The following adjustments were made to the amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
           position at January 1, 2018. Line items that were not affected by the changes have not been included.

                                                                                   Carrying                                        Carrying
                                                                                   amounts                                         amounts
                                                                                 previously                                           under
                                                                                reported at                                      IFRS 15 at
                                                                              December 31,                                       January 1,
                                                                                      2017         Reclassification                   2018
                                                                                  US$’000                US$’000                   US$’000


           Current liabilities
           Accounts and other payables and
             accrued expenses                                                       227,410                   (2,724)               224,686
           Contract liabilities                                                           –                    2,724                  2,724


           Note:
           As at January 1, 2018, advances from customers of US$2,724,000 in respect of sales of copper concentrate and other by-
           products previously included in accounts and other payables and accrued expenses were reclassified to contract liabilities.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2018         79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)
     (Cont’d)

     New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (Cont’d)
     2.1   IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Cont’d)
           Summary of effects arising from initial application of IFRS 15 (Cont’d)
           The following tables summarise the impacts of applying IFRS 15 on the Group’s consolidated statement of
           financial position as at December 31, 2018 and its consolidated statement of cash flows for the current year
           for each of the line items affected. Line items that were not affected by the changes have not been included.

           Impact on the consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                                               Amounts
                                                                                                                 without
                                                                              As                             application
                                                                        reported         Adjustment          of IFRS 15
                                                                        US$’000            US$’000             US$’000


           Current liabilities
           Accounts and other payables and accrued
             expenses                                                   292,013               4,593            296,606
           Contract liabilities                                           4,593              (4,593)                 –


           Impact on the consolidated statement of cash flows

                                                                                                               Amounts
                                                                                                                 without
                                                                              As                             application
                                                                        reported         Adjustment          of IFRS 15
                                                                        US$’000            US$’000             US$’000


           Operating activities
           Accounts and other payables and accrued
             expenses                                                    45,969               1,797             47,766
           Contract liabilities                                           1,797              (1,797)                 –

     2.2   IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
           In the current year, the Group has applied IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and the related consequential
           amendments to other IFRSs. IFRS 9 introduces new requirements for 1) the classification and measurement
           of financial assets and financial liabilities, 2) expected credit losses (“ECL”) for financial assets and 3)
           general hedge accounting.

           The Group has applied IFRS 9 in accordance with the transition provisions set out in IFRS 9, i.e. applied
           the classification and measurement requirements (including impairment under ECL model) retrospectively to
           instruments that have not been derecognised as at January 1, 2018 (date of initial application) and has not
           applied the requirements to instruments that have already been derecognised as at January 1, 2018.



80   China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)
     (Cont’d)

     New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (Cont’d)
     2.2   IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (Cont’d)
           Accordingly, certain comparative information may not be comparable as comparative information was
           prepared under IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement.

           Accounting policies resulting from application of IFRS 9 are disclosed in note 3.

           Summary of effects arising from initial application of IFRS 9
           The table below illustrates the classification and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities
           under IFRS 9 and IAS 39 at the date of initial application, January 1, 2018.

                                                                   Available-                Equity          Investments
                                                                     for-sale          instruments            revaluation             Retained
                                                    Note         investments             at FVTOCI                reserve               profits
                                                                    US$’000               US$’000               US$’000               US$’000


           Closing balance at
           December 31, 2017 – IAS39                                   21,823                       –               8,221             229,099


           Effect arising from initial
             application of IFRS 9:                  (a)              (21,823)              21,823                 (8,551)               8,551


           Opening balance at January 1,
                2018 – IFRS 9                                                 –             21,823                   (330)            237,650


     (a)   Available-for-sale (“AFS”) investments
           From AFS investments to fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)
           The Group elected to present in other comprehensive income for the fair value changes of all its equity investments previously
           classified as available-for-sale. These investments are not held for trading and not expected to be sold in the foreseeable future. At
           the date of initial application of IFRS 9, US$21,823,000 were reclassified from available-for-sale investments to equity instruments
           at FVTOCI, of which US$2,143,000 related to unquoted equity investments previously measured at cost less impairment under IAS
           39. The fair value gains of US$8,221,000 relating to those investments previously carried at fair value continued to accumulate
           in investments revaluation reserve. In addition, impairment losses previously recognised of US$8,551,000 were transferred from
           retained profits to investment revaluation reserve as at January 1, 2018.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2018           81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)
     (Cont’d)

     New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (Cont’d)
     2.3   Impacts on opening consolidated statement of financial position arising from the application of all new
           standards
           As a result of the changes in the Group’s accounting policies above, the opening consolidated statement of
           financial position had to be restated. The following table show the adjustments recognised for each of the
           line items affected. Line items that were not affected by the changes have not been included.

                                                     December 31,                                          January 1,
                                                            2017                                                2018
                                                         (Audited)       IFRS 15           IFRS 9          (Restated)
                                                         US$’000        US$’000           US$’000           US$’000


           Non-current assets
           AFS investments                                21,823                –          (21,823)                –
           Equity instruments at FVTOCI                        –                –           21,823            21,823


           Current liabilities
           Accounts and other payables and
             accrued expenses                            227,410          (2,724)                –          224,686
           Contract liabilities                                –           2,724                 –            2,724


           Owners’ equity
           Reserves                                       37,176                –           (8,551)          28,625
           Retained profits                              229,099                –            8,551          237,650




82   China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)
     (Cont’d)

     New and revised IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and revised IFRSs that have been issued but are not yet
     effective:

     IFRS 16                                              Leases1
     IFRS 17                                              Insurance Contracts3
     IFRIC 23                                             Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments1
     Amendments to IFRS 3                                 Definition of a Business4
     Amendments to IFRS 9                                 Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation1
     Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                     Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate
                                                            or Joint Venture2
     Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8                        Definition of Material5
     Amendments to IAS 19                                 Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement1
     Amendments to IAS 28                                 Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures1
     Amendments to IFRSs                                  Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015 – 2017 Cycle1

     1     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019
     2     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
     3     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2021
     4     Effective for business combinations and asset acquisitions for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first
           annual period beginning on or after January 1, 2020
     5     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020

     Except for the new IFRS mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all
     other new and amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the
     foreseeable future.

     IFRS 16 Leases
     IFRS 16 introduces a comprehensive model for the identification of lease arrangements and accounting treatments
     for both lessors and lessees. IFRS 16 will supersede IAS 17 Leases and the related interpretations when it
     becomes effective.

     IFRS 16 distinguishes lease and service contracts on the basis of whether an identified asset is controlled by
     a customer. In addition, IFRS 16 requires sales and leaseback transactions to be determined based on the
     requirements of IFRS 15 as to whether the transfer of the relevant asset should be accounted as a sale. IFRS 16
     also includes requirements relating to subleases and lease modifications.

     Distinctions of operating leases and finance leases are removed for lessee accounting, and is replaced by a model
     where a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability have to be recognised for all leases by lessees, except for
     short-term leases and leases of low value assets.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2018          83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)
     (Cont’d)

     New and revised IFRSs in issue but not yet effective (Cont’d)
     IFRS 16 Leases (Cont’d)
     The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost and subsequently measured at cost (subject to certain
     exceptions) less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease
     liability. The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at that
     date. Subsequently, the lease liability is adjusted for interest and lease payments, as well as the impact of lease
     modifications, amongst others. For the classification of cash flows, the operating lease payments are presented
     as operating cash flows. Upon application of IFRS 16, lease payments in relation to lease liability will be allocated
     into a principal and an interest portion which will be presented as financing and operating cash flows respectively
     by the Group.

     Under IAS 17, the Group has already recognised prepaid lease payments for leasehold lands where the Group is
     a lessee. The application of IFRS 16 may result in potential changes in classification of these assets depending on
     whether the Group presents right-of-use assets separately or within the same line item at which the corresponding
     underlying assets would be presented if they were owned.

     Other than certain requirements which are also applicable to lessor, IFRS 16 substantially carries forward the
     lessor accounting requirements in IAS 17, and continues to require a lessor to classify a lease either as an
     operating lease or a finance lease.

     Furthermore, extensive disclosures are required by IFRS 16.

     As at December 31, 2018, the Group has non-cancellable operating lease commitments of approximately
     US$364,000 as disclosed in note 33. A preliminary assessment indicates that these arrangements will meet
     the definition of a lease. Upon application of IFRS 16, the Group will recognise a right-of-use asset and a
     corresponding liability in respect of all these leases unless they qualify for low value or short-term leases.

     In addition, the Group currently considers refundable rental deposits paid of US$53,000 as rights and obligations
     under leases to which IAS 17 applies. Based on the definition of lease payments under IFRS 16, such deposits
     are not payments relating to the right to use the underlying assets, accordingly, the carrying amounts of such
     deposits may be adjusted to amortised cost. Adjustments to refundable rental deposits paid would be considered
     as additional lease payments and included in the carrying amount of right-of- use assets.

     The application of new requirements may result in changes in measurement, presentation and disclosure as
     indicated above. The Group intends to elect the practical expedient to apply IFRS 16 to contracts that were
     previously identified as leases applying IAS 17 and IFRIC 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease
     and not apply this standard to contracts that were not previously identified as containing a lease applying IAS 17
     and IFRIC 4. Therefore, the Group will not reassess whether the contracts are, or contain a lease which already
     existed prior to the date of initial application. Furthermore, the Group intends to elect the modified retrospective
     approach for the application of IFRS 16 as lessee and will recognise the cumulative effect of initial application to
     opening retained profits without restating comparative information.




84   China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB. In
     addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the
     Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (“CO”).

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial
     instruments, which are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting
     policies below.

     Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
     between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
     estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes
     into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics
     into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or
     disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-
     based payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that
     are within the scope of IAS 17 Leases, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair
     value, such as net realizable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

     In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on
     the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to
     the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

     •    Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
          entity can access at the measurement date;

     •    Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset
          or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

     •    Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

     The principal accounting policies are set out below.

     Basis of consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled
     by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

     •    has power over the investee;

     •    is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

     •    has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
     changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2018      85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Basis of consolidation (Cont’d)
     Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
     Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of
     during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from
     the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

     Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and
     to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the
     Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit
     balance.

     Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
     policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

     All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
     members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which represent
     present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries
     upon liquidation.

     Revenue from contracts with customers (upon application of IFRS 15 in accordance with transitions in note 2)
     Under IFRS 15, the Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control”
     of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

     A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series
     of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
     satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

     •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as
          the Group performs;

     •    the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

     •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has
          an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or
     service.

     A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group
     has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with IFRS 9.
     In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time
     is required before payment of that consideration is due.




86   China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Revenue from contracts with customers (upon application of IFRS 15 in accordance with transitions in note 2) (Cont’d)
     A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the
     Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

     A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a net
     basis.

     Revenue is recognised at a point in time when control of the gold doré bars, copper concentrate and other by-
     products is passed to customers, i.e. when the products are delivered and titles have passed to customers.

     Revenue recognition (prior to January 1, 2018)
     Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue is reduced for
     estimated customer returns, rebates and other similar allowances.

     Revenue is recognised when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured; when it is probable that future
     economic benefits will flow to the Group and when specific criteria have been met for each of the Group’s
     activities, as described below.

     Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when the goods are delivered and titles have passed.

     Interest income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest
     rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts through the expected
     life of the financial asset to that asset’s net carrying amount on initial recognition.

     Foreign currencies
     In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
     functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the
     dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies
     are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical
     cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

     Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are
     recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

     For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
     foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. US$) using exchange rates
     prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange
     rates for the period. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and
     accumulated in equity under the heading of exchange reserve.

     Borrowing costs
     Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are
     assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to
     the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale, which
     includes completion of all necessary activities to bring the assets to readiness of fulfilling relevant regulatory
     requirements and obtaining relevant regulatory consent.



                                                                                               Annual Report 2018      87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Borrowing costs (Cont’d)
     Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
     qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

     All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

     Taxation
     Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

     The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit before income
     tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable
     or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
     substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

     Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities in the
     consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
     Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are
     generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits
     will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Such deferred assets and
     liabilities are not recognised if the temporary differences arise from the initial recognition (other than in a business
     combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor accounting
     profit.

     Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
     except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the
     temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible
     temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that
     there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilize the benefits of the temporary difference and they are
     expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

     The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced to the
     extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to
     be recovered.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
     which the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
     substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

     The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
     manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of
     its assets and liabilities.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
     against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the
     Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.




88   China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Taxation (Cont’d)
     Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised in
     other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised
     in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from
     the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business
     combination.

     Government grants
     Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the
     conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

     Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group
     recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically,
     government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire
     non-current assets are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial position and
     transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

     Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the purpose
     of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in
     the period in which they become receivable.

     Retirement benefit costs
     Payments to state-managed retirement benefit scheme are recognised as an expense when employees have
     rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

     Short-term employee benefits
     Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as
     and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless
     another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

     A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave and sick
     leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

     Share-based payments
     Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the fair
     value of the equity instruments at the grant date.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018      89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Share-based payments (Cont’d)
     The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into
     consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based
     on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (equity
     reserve).

     When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in equity reserve will be transferred to share
     capital and share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not exercised
     at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share options reserve will continue to be held in equity
     reserve.

     Inventories
     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Costs of inventories are determined on
     weighted average cost method. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
     business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

     Gold in process inventory
     Gold in process inventory consists of gold contained in the ore on leach pads and in-circuit material within
     processing operations. Gold doré bar is gold awaiting refinement and gold refined and ready for sales.

     Production costs are capitalised and included in gold in process inventory based on the current mining and
     processing cost incurred up to the point prior to the refining process including the cost of raw materials and direct
     labour; mine-site overhead expenses; stripping costs; and allocated indirect costs, including depreciation and
     depletion of mining interests.

     Gold doré bars inventory
     The recovery of gold from ore is achieved through a heap leaching process. Under this method, ore is placed on
     leach pads where it is treated with a chemical solution which dissolves the gold contained in the ore. The resulting
     “pregnant” solution is further processed in a plant where the gold is recovered. Costs are subsequently recycled
     from ore on leach pads as ounces of gold are recovered based on the average cost per recoverable ounce on the
     leach pad. Estimates of recoverable gold on the leach pads are calculated from the quantities of ore placed on the
     leach pads (measured in tonnes added to the leach pads), the grade of the ore placed on the leach pads (based
     on assay data), and a recovery percentage (based on ore type).

     Others
     Copper inventory is copper concentrate and other by-products after metallurgical processing and ready for sales.
     Consumables used in operations, such as fuel, chemicals, and reagents and spare parts inventory are valued at
     the lower of cost or net realizable value.




90   China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Property, plant and equipment
     General
     Property, plant and equipment (other than construction in progress as described below) are stated in the
     consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation, depletion and
     impairment losses, if any.

     An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
     are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement
     of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the
     carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

     Expenditures incurred to replace a component of an item of property, plant and equipment that is accounted
     for separately, including major inspection and overhaul expenditures, are capitalised and the carrying amount of
     the component being replaced is derecognised. Directly attributable costs incurred for major capital projects and
     site preparation are capitalised until the asset is brought to a working condition for its intended use. These costs
     include dismantling and site restoration costs to the extent these are recognised as a provision.

     The Management of the Group (the “Management”) reviews the estimated useful lives, residual values and
     depreciation methods of the Group’s property, plant and equipment at the end of each reporting period and when
     events and circumstances indicate that such a review should be made. Changes to estimated useful lives, residual
     values or depreciation methods resulting from such review are accounted for prospectively.

     All direct costs related to the acquisition of mineral assets are capitalised, at their cost at the date of acquisition.

     Construction in progress
     Assets under construction are capitalised as construction in progress until the asset is available for use. The cost
     of construction in progress comprises its purchase price of crushers, and machinery and equipment, any costs
     directly attributable to the construction for bringing it into working condition for its intended use and for qualifying
     assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Construction in progress
     amounts related to development projects are included in the carrying amount of the construction in progress.

     The Company uses the following factors to assess whether the criteria of construction completion and ready for
     intended use have been met such that the construction in progress are classified to the appropriate categories of
     the property, plant and equipment: (1) the completion of the constructions as planned; and (2) the completion of
     testing of mine plant and equipment which demonstrates their ability to sustain ongoing production of minerals,
     and ability to produce minerals in saleable form (within specifications).




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2018       91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Property, plant and equipment (Cont’d)
     Exploration and evaluation expenditure
     Drilling and related costs incurred on sites without an existing mine and on areas outside the boundary of a known
     mineral deposit which contains proven and probable reserves are exploration and evaluation expenditure and are
     expensed as incurred up to the date on which costs incurred are economically recoverable. Further exploration
     and evaluation expenditures, subsequent to the establishment of economic recoverability, are capitalised and
     included in the carrying amount of the mineral assets.

     Management evaluates the following criteria in its assessment of economic recoverability and probability of future
     economic benefit:

     •    Geology – whether or not there is sufficient geologic and economic certainty of being able to convert a
          residual mineral deposit into a proven and probable reserve at a development stage or production stage
          mine, based on the known geology and metallurgy. A history of conversion of resources to reserves at
          operating mines to support the likelihood of conversion.

     •    Scoping – there is a scoping study or preliminary feasibility study that demonstrates the additional resources
          will generate a positive commercial outcome. Known metallurgy provides a basis for concluding there is a
          significant likelihood of being able to recoup the incremental costs of extraction and production.

     •    Accessible facilities – mining property can be processed economically at accessible mining and processing
          facilities where applicable.

     •    Life of mine plans – an overall life of mine plan and economic model to support the mine and the economic
          extraction of resources/reserves exists. A long-term life of mine plan, and supporting geological model
          identifies the drilling and related development work required to expand or further define the existing orebody.

     •    Authorizations – operating permits and feasible environmental programs exist or are obtainable.

     Therefore prior to capitalising exploration drilling and related costs, Management determines that the following
     conditions have been met that will contribute to future cash flows:

     •    There is a probable future benefit that will contribute to future cash inflows;

     •    The Group can obtain the benefit and controls access to it;

     •    The transaction or event giving rise to the future benefit has already occurred; and

     •    Costs incurred can be measured reliably.




92   China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Property, plant and equipment (Cont’d)
     Development expenditure
     Drilling and related costs incurred to define and delineate a mineral deposit are capitalised as part of mineral
     assets in the period incurred, when Management determines that there is sufficient evidence that the expenditure
     will result in a probable future economic benefit to the Group.

     Production expenditure
     A mine that is under construction is determined to enter the production stage when the project is in the position
     and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Therefore,
     such costs incurred are capitalised as part of the mineral assets and the proceeds from sales prior to commercial
     production are offset against costs capitalised.

     Mine development costs incurred to maintain current production are included in cost of inventories. For those
     areas being developed which will be mined in future periods, the costs incurred are capitalised and depleted
     when the related mining area is mined.

     Depreciation
     Mineral assets are depreciated using the unit-of-production method based on the actual production volume over
     the estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves at the related mine when the
     mine is capable of operating as intended by the Management.

     Management reviews the estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves at the
     end of each reporting period and when events and circumstances indicate that such a review should be made.
     Changes to estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves are accounted for
     prospectively.

     Assets under construction are not depreciated until they are substantially complete and available for their intended
     use.

     Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the
     assets.

     Mining rights
     Mining rights are amortised using the unit-of-production method based on the actual production volume over the
     estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves at the related mine.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2018      93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Mining rights (Cont’d)
     Mining rights acquired in a business combination
     Mining rights acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially
     recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

     Subsequent to initial recognition, mining rights with finite useful lives are carried at costs less accumulated
     amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is provided using the unit of production
     method based on the actual production volume over the estimated total proven and probable reserves of the ore
     mines.

     Impairment of tangible assets and mining rights
     At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible assets and mining rights
     to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such
     indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the
     impairment loss, if any.

     The recoverable amount of an asset is estimated individually, when it is not possible to estimate the recoverable
     amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the
     asset belongs. When a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are
     also allocated to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-
     generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.

     Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use,
     the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
     current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating
     unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount,
     the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. In allocating
     the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if
     applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the
     unit. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if
     measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise
     have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit. An impairment loss is
     recognised immediately in profit or loss.

     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is
     increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not
     exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the
     asset (or a cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in
     profit or loss.




94   China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Research and development costs
     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

     An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of an
     internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

     •     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

     •     the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

     •     the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

     •     how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

     •     the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use
           or sell the intangible asset; and

     •     the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.

     The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred
     from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-
     generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the period
     in which it is incurred.

     Financial instruments
     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
     provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and
     derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that
     require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising
     from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15 since January 1, 2018.
     Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities
     (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from
     the fair value of financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.

     The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
     liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
     rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points
     paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or
     discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter
     period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2018      95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets
     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (upon application of IFRS 9 in
     accordance with transitions in note 2)
     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

     •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and

     •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
           interest on the principal amount outstanding.

     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

     •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
           cash flows and selling; and

     •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
           interest on the principal amount outstanding.

     All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at the date of initial application/
     initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair
     value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading
     nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business
     Combinations applies.

     In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the
     amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
     mismatch.

     All recognised financial assets of the Group that are within the scope of IFRS 9 are subsequently measured at
     amortised cost or FVTOCI.

     (i)   Amortised cost and interest income

           Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently
           at amortised cost. For financial instruments, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
           rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently
           become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired,
           interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial
           asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit- impaired financial instrument improves
           so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
           effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting
           period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit impaired.




96   China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets (Cont’d)
     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (upon application of IFRS 9 in
     accordance with transitions in note 2) (Cont’d)
     (ii)   Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

            Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses
            arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
            investments revaluation reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or
            loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to
            retained profits.

            Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s
            right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the
            cost of the investment.

     Impairment of financial assets (upon application IFRS 9 with transitions in accordance with note 2)
     The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECL on financial assets which are subject to impairment under IFRS
     9 (including trade receivables, other receivables, amounts due from related companies and bank balances). The
     amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

     Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the
     relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
     expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment are
     done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors,
     general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the
     forecast of future conditions.

     The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables, which are assessed individually.

     For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there has been
     a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of
     whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default
     occurring since initial recognition.

     (i)    Significant increase in credit risk

            In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares
            the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
            occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the
            Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including
            historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018      97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets (Cont’d)
     Impairment of financial assets (upon application IFRS 9 with transitions in accordance with note 2)
     (Cont’d)
     (i)    Significant increase in credit risk (Cont’d)

            In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
            increased significantly:

            •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or
                  internal credit rating;

            •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the
                  credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

            •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to
                  cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

            •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

            •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                  environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                  obligations.

            Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased
            significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the
            Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

            The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
            significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of
            identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

     (ii)   Definition of default

            For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
            developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its
            creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

            Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than
            90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more
            lagging default criterion is more appropriate.




98   China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets (Cont’d)
     Impairment of financial assets (upon application IFRS 9 with transitions in accordance with note 2)
     (Cont’d)
     (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

             A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental impact on the
             estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-
             impaired includes observable data about the following events:

             (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

             (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

             (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
                   difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise
                   consider; or

             (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization.

     (iv)    Write-off policy

             The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in
             severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty
             has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade
             receivables, when the amounts are over two years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets
             written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking
             into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent
             recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

     (v)     Measurement and recognition of ECL

             The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of
             the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and
             loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL
             reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default
             occurring as the weights.

             Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
             accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
             effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018     99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
      Financial instruments (Cont’d)
      Financial assets (Cont’d)
      Impairment of financial assets (upon application IFRS 9 with transitions in accordance with note 2)
      (Cont’d)
      (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL (Cont’d)

            Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial
            asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial
            asset.

            The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting
            their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables where the corresponding adjustment is
            recognised through a loss allowance account.

      Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (before application of IFRS 9 on
      January 1, 2018)
      Financial assets are classified as available-for-sale financial assets and loans and receivables. The classification
      depends on the nature and purpose of the financial assets and is determined at the time of initial recognition.

      Loans and receivables
      Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted
      in an active market. They are included in current assets, except for those with maturities greater than twelve
      months or those that are expected to be settled after twelve months from the end of the reporting period, which
      are classified as non-current assets. Assets in this category include “cash and cash equivalents”, “restricted bank
      balance”, “trade and other receivables” and “amount due from a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary (included
      in prepaid expenses)”.

      Loans and receivables are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs and subsequently carried at
      amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment except for short-term receivables when the
      recognition of interest would be immaterial.




100     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets (Cont’d)
     AFS financial assets
     AFS financial assets are non-derivatives that are either designated as available-for-sale or are not classified as (a)
     loans and receivables, (b) held-to-maturity investments or (c) financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.

     Equity securities held by the Group that are classified as AFS financial assets and are traded in an active market
     are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period except for unquoted equity investments whose fair
     value cannot be reliably measured. Dividends on AFS equity investments are recognised in profit or loss when the
     Group’s right to receive the dividends is established. Other changes in the carrying amount of AFS financial assets
     are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of investments revaluation
     reserve. When the investment is disposed of or is determined to be impaired, the cumulative gain or loss
     previously accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve is reclassified to profit or loss (see the accounting
     policy in respect of impairment loss on financial assets below).

     AFS equity investments that do not have a quoted market price in an active market and whose fair value cannot
     be reliably measured and derivatives that are linked to and must be settled by delivery of such unquoted equity
     investments are measured at cost less any identified impairment losses at the end of each reporting period (see
     the accounting policy in respect of impairment loss on financial assets below).

     Impairment of financial assets (before application of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2018)
     Financial assets are assessed for indicators of impairment at the end of the each reporting period. Financial
     assets are considered to be impaired when there is objective evidence that, as a result of one or more events that
     occurred after the initial recognition of the financial asset, the estimated future cash flows of the financial assets
     have been affected.

     For AFS equity investments, a significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of the security below its cost is
     considered to be objective evidence of impairment.

     For loans and receivables, objective evidence of impairment could include:

     •    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or counterparty; or

     •    breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal payments; or

     •    it becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or financial reorganization.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2018      101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
      Financial instruments (Cont’d)
      Financial assets (Cont’d)
      Impairment of financial assets (before application of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2018) (Cont’d)
      For certain categorises of financial assets, such as trade receivables (included in trade and other receivables),
      are assessed for impairment on an individual basis. Objective evidence of impairment for the receivables could
      include the Group’s past experience of collecting payments, an increase in the number of delayed payments past
      the average credit period of 90 and 180 days, observable changes in national or local economic conditions that
      correlate with default on receivables.

      For financial assets carried at amortised cost, the amount of the impairment loss recognised is the difference
      between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the
      financial asset’s original effective interest rate.

      For financial assets carried at cost, the amount of the impairment loss is measured as the difference between the
      asset’s carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the current market
      rate of return for a similar financial asset. Such impairment loss will not be reversed in subsequent periods (see
      the accounting policy below).

      The carrying amount of the financial asset is reduced by the impairment loss directly for all financial assets
      with the exception of trade receivables, where the carrying amount is reduced through the use of an allowance
      account. Changes in the carrying amount of the allowance account are recognised in profit or loss. When a trade
      receivable is considered uncollectible, it is written off against the allowance account. Subsequent recoveries of
      amounts previously written off are credited to profit or loss.

      For financial assets measured at amortised cost, if, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss
      decreases and the decrease can be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment losses were
      recognised, the previously recognised impairment loss is reversed through profit or loss to the extent that the
      carrying amount of the asset at the date the impairment is reversed does not exceed what the amortised cost
      would have been had the impairment not been recognised.

      When an AFS financial asset is considered to be impaired, cumulative gains or losses previously recognised in
      other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss in the period in which the impairment takes place.

      In respect of AFS equity investments, impairment losses previously recognised in profit or loss are not reversed
      through profit or loss. Any increase in fair value subsequent to an impairment loss is recognised in other
      comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of investments revaluation reserve.




102    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets (Cont’d)
     Derecognition of financial assets
     The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire,
     or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to
     another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and
     continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated
     liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
     of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a
     collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

     On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
     amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

     On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to
     measure at FVTOCI upon application of IFRS 9, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the
     investments revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained profits.

     On derecognition of an AFS financial asset, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investments
     revaluation reserve is reclassified to profit or loss.

     Financial liabilities and equity instruments
     Classification as debt or equity
     Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in
     accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an
     equity instrument.

     Equity instruments
     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all
     of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct
     issue costs.

     Financial liabilities at amortised cost
     Financial liabilities including borrowings, entrusted loan payable, bills payable and accounts and other payables
     are initially measured at fair value, net of transaction costs, and are subsequently measured at amortised cost
     using the effective interest method.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2018      103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
      Financial instruments (Cont’d)
      Financial liabilities and equity instruments (Cont’d)
      Derecognition of financial liabilities
      The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
      cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and
      the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

      Environmental rehabilitation
      An obligation to incur restoration, rehabilitation and environmental costs arises when environmental disturbance
      is caused by the development or ongoing production of a mining property. Such costs arising from the
      decommissioning of plant and other site preparation work, discounted to their net present value, are provided for
      and capitalised as part of the related property, plant and equipment at the start of each project, as soon as the
      obligation to incur such costs arises. These costs are recognised in profit or loss over the life of the operation,
      through depreciation of the asset. Costs for restoration of subsequent site damage which is created on an ongoing
      basis during production are recognised in profit or loss.

      Changes in the measurement of a liability relating to the decommissioning of plant or other site preparation work
      that result from changes in the estimated timing or amount of the cash flow, including the effects of inflation
      and movements in foreign exchange rates, revisions to estimated reserves, resources and lives of operations,
      or a change in the discount rate, are added to, or deducted from, the cost of the related asset in the period it
      occurred. The periodic unwinding of discount is recognised in profit or loss as a finance cost as it occurs. If a
      decrease in the liability exceeds the carrying amount of the asset, the excess is recognised immediately in profit or
      loss. If the asset value is increased and there is an indication that the revised carrying value is not recoverable, an
      impairment test is performed in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy.

      Leases
      Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and
      rewards of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

      Operating lease payments are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term, except where
      another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from the leased
      asset are consumed.

      Leasehold land and building
      When the Group makes payments for a property interest which includes both leasehold land and building
      elements, the Group assesses the classification of each element separately based on the assessment as to whether
      substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of each element have been transferred to the
      Group, unless it is clear that both elements are operating leases in which case the entire property is accounted as
      an operating lease. Specifically, the entire consideration (including any lump-sum upfront payments) are allocated
      between the leasehold land and the building elements in proportion to the relative fair values of the leasehold
      interests in the land element and building element at initial recognition.

      To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land that is
      accounted for as an operating lease is presented as “prepaid lease payments” in the consolidated statement of
      financial position and is amortised over the lease term on a straight-line basis.



104    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the Group are required to
     make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
     readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience
     and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
     are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the
     period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
     the end of the reporting period, that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
     amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

     (a)   Impairment of mining rights and property, plant and equipment
           While assessing whether any indications of impairment exist for mining rights and property, plant and
           equipment, consideration is given to both external and internal sources of information. Information the
           Management considered includes changes in the market, economic and legal environment in which the
           Group operates that are not within its control and affect the recoverable amounts of the mining rights and
           property, plant and equipment. The carrying amounts of mining rights and property, plant and equipment
           are reviewed for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 Impairment of Assets whenever certain events
           or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. As at December
           31, 2018, the market capitalisation of the Company was below the carrying value of its net assets of
           approximately US$1,489 million (2017: US$1,510 million). This may indicate the need for a write-down
           of the carrying amounts of the Group’s mining rights and property, plant and equipment. The Group’s two
           cash-generating units (“CGUs”) for impairment assessment of mining rights and related property, plant and
           equipment are two significant mine sites which are producing gold and copper.

           When an impairment review is undertaken, recoverable amount is assessed by reference to the higher of
           1) value in use (“VIU”) and 2) fair value less costs to disposal (“FVLCD”). The best evidence of FVLCD
           is the value obtained from an active market or binding sale agreement. Where neither exists, FVLCD is
           based on the best information available to reflect the amount the Group could receive for the CGU in an
           arm’s length transaction. This is often estimated using discounted cash flow techniques. In determining the
           recoverable amounts of the Group’s mining rights and property, plant and equipment, the Group estimates
           the recoverable amount based on VIU and makes estimates of the discounted future pre-tax cash flows
           expected to be derived from the Group’s CGUs and the appropriate discount rate. The key assumptions used
           in estimating the projected cash flows are metal selling price, recoverable reserves, resources, exploration
           potential, production cost estimates, future operating costs and discount rates.

           Reductions in metal price forecasts, increases in estimated future costs of production, increases in estimated
           future operating costs, reductions in the amount of recoverable reserves, resources, and exploration
           potential, and/or change in economic conditions can result in a write-down of the carrying amounts of the
           Group’s mining rights and property, plant and equipment.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018     105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




4.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Cont’d)
      (a)   Impairment of mining rights and property, plant and equipment (Cont’d)
            The Group uses its internal experts to perform the valuation for the purpose of impairment assessment
            with the assistance from third party qualified valuers. The Management works closely with internal experts
            and qualified external valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model to
            estimate the VIU for the mining rights and property, plant and equipment.

            The carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment and mining rights as at December 31, 2018 and
            2017 are disclosed in notes 21 and 22, respectively.

            During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, no impairment loss was recognised for the property,
            plant and equipment in the Group’s gold producing mine and the mining rights and property, plant and
            equipment in the Group’s copper producing mine as the recoverable amounts were higher than their
            respective carrying amounts.

      (b)   Inventories
            The Group records the cost of gold mining ore placed on its leach pads and in process at its mine as
            gold in process inventory, and values gold in process inventory at the lower of cost and estimated net
            realizable value. The assumptions used in the valuation of gold in process inventories include estimates
            of gold contained in the ore placed on leach pads, assumptions of the amount of gold that is expected
            to be recovered from the ore placed on leach pads, and the amount of gold in the processing plant and
            an assumption of the gold price expected to be realized when the gold is recovered. If these estimates or
            assumptions prove inaccurate, the Group could be required to write down the recorded value of its gold in
            process inventories. During the year, there is no change in the relevant estimation.

            Although the quantities of recoverable gold placed on the leach pad and the processing plant are reconciled
            by comparing the grades of ore placed on the leach pad to the quantities actually recovered, the nature of
            the leaching process inherently limits the ability to precisely monitor inventory levels. The actual recovery of
            gold from the leach pad is not known until the leaching process has concluded at the end of the mine life.

            Management periodically reassesses the assumptions used in the valuation of gold in process and the
            costing of production of gold doré bars, particularly the assumptions of the amount of gold that is expected
            to be recovered from the ore placed on leach pads (the “Estimated Recovery Rate”). As a result of such
            reassessments, an increase/decrease in the Estimated Recovery Rate led to a decrease/increase in the
            average production cost of gold doré bars. During the year, there is no change in the relevant estimation.

            The carrying amount of gold in process and gold doré bars as at December 31, 2018 and 2017 are
            disclosed in note 18.




106    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     A.   For the year ended December 31, 2018
          (i)    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
                 The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue from its major products and services:

                                                                                                                   2018
                                                                                                                 US$’000


                 At a point in time
                 Gold bullion                                                                                    186,796
                 Copper concentrate                                                                              277,988
                 Other by-products                                                                               105,786


                 Total revenue                                                                                   570,570


          (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers
                 The Group sells gold bullion, copper concentrate and other by-products directly to customers.

                 For sales of gold bullion, copper concentrate and other by-products directly to customers, revenue
                 is recognised at a point in time when control of the gold doré bars, copper concentrate and other
                 by-products is passed to customers, i.e. when the products are delivered and titles have passed to
                 customers. A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a
                 customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from
                 the customer.

     B.   For the year ended December 31, 2017
          An analysis of the Group’s revenue for the year is as follows:

                                                                                                                   2017
                                                                                                                 US$’000


          Sales of goods                                                                                         411,881




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018     107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
      IFRS 8 requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of internal reports that are regularly reviewed
      by the chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”) to allocate resources to the segments and to assess their
      performance.

      The CODM, which is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments,
      has been defined as the executive directors of the Company. The CODM has identified two operating and
      reportable segments as follows:

      (i)    The mine-produced gold segment – the production of gold bullion through the Group’s integrated processes,
             i.e., mining, metallurgical processing, production and selling of gold doré bars to external clients.

      (ii)   The mine-produced copper segment – the production of copper concentrate and other by-products through
             the Group’s integrated processes, i.e., mining, metallurgical processing, production and selling copper
             concentrate and other by-products to external clients.

      Information regarding the above segments is reported below.

      (a)    Segment revenue and results
             The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenues and results by operating and reportable segment:

             For the year ended December 31, 2018

                                                          Mine –         Mine –
                                                        produced       produced      Segment
                                                            gold         copper         total   Unallocated   Consolidated
                                                        US$’000        US$’000       US$’000      US$’000        US$’000

             Revenue – external and segment revenue      186,796       383,774       570,570             –        570,570
             Cost of sales                              (169,085)     (290,776)     (459,861)            –       (459,861)


             Mining operating earnings                    17,711        92,998       110,709             –       110,709


             Income (expenses) from operations            17,252        34,854        52,106        (9,075)        43,031
             Foreign exchange gain (loss), net             5,151       (20,895)      (15,744)          (74)       (15,818)
             Interest and other income                       776        15,265        16,041           251         16,292
             Finance costs                                (5,689)      (21,233)      (26,922)      (17,553)       (44,475)


             Profit (loss) before income tax              17,490         7,991        25,481       (26,451)          (970)




108     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     (a)   Segment revenue and results (Cont’d)
           For the year ended December 31, 2017

                                                        Mine –         Mine –
                                                      produced       produced      Segment
                                                           gold        copper         total      Unallocated   Consolidated
                                                       US$’000        US$’000      US$’000         US$’000        US$’000


           Revenue – external and segment revenue       233,641       178,240       411,881               –        411,881
           Cost of sales                               (195,005)     (100,090)     (295,095)              –       (295,095)


           Mining operating earnings                    38,636         78,150       116,786               –         116,786


           Income (expenses) from operations            38,331         50,536        88,867         (10,234)         78,633
           Foreign exchange gain (loss), net            (7,474)        15,161         7,687             505           8,192
           Interest and other income                       920          4,375         5,295           5,217          10,512
           Finance costs                                (5,458)        (5,219)      (10,677)        (11,049)        (21,726)


           Profit (loss) before income tax              26,319         64,853        91,172         (15,561)         75,611


           The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies
           described in note 3. Segment results represent profit (loss) before income tax attributable to the respective
           segment. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and performance
           assessment.

           There are no inter-segment sales for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2018      109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
      (b)   Segment assets and liabilities
            The following is an analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by segment representing assets/liabilities
            directly attributable to the respective segment:

                                                           Mine –        Mine –
                                                         produced      produced       Segment
                                                             gold        copper          total    Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                         US$’000       US$’000        US$’000       US$’000         US$’000

            As of December 31, 2018
            Total assets                                  745,729     2,435,072     3,180,801         35,094       3,215,895
            Total liabilities                             203,453     1,013,025     1,216,478        510,179       1,726,657

            As of December 31, 2017
            Total assets                                  733,032     2,446,753     3,179,785         50,659       3,230,444
            Total liabilities                             208,545     1,003,410     1,211,955        508,505       1,720,460

            For the purposes of monitoring segment performance and allocating resources between segments:

            •     all assets are allocated to operating segments other than cash and cash equivalents, other receivables,
                  prepaid expenses and deposits, and equity instrument at FVTOCI; and

            •     all liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than other payables and accrued expenses and
                  certain borrowings.

      (c)   Other segment information (included in the measure of segment profit or loss or segment assets regularly
            provided to the CODM)
                                                           Mine –       Mine –
                                                         produced     produced       Segment
                                                             gold       copper          total    Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                         US$’000      US$’000        US$’000       US$’000         US$’000

            For the year ended December 31, 2018
            Additions of property, plant and equipment    57,924       137,674       195,598               –       195,598
            Depreciation of property, plant and
              equipment                                  (63,831)      (63,188)     (127,019)              –       (127,019)
            Amortisation of mining rights                      –       (23,835)      (23,835)              –        (23,835)

            For the year ended December 31, 2017
            Additions of property, plant and equipment    89,088       206,928       296,016               –       296,016
            Depreciation of property, plant and
              equipment                                  (70,766)      (16,851)      (87,617)              –        (87,617)
            Additions of mining rights                         –        26,694        26,694               –         26,694
            Amortisation of mining rights                      –        (5,603)       (5,603)              –         (5,603)




110    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     (d)   Geographical information
           The Group operated in two geographical areas, Canada and the PRC. The Group’s corporate division located
           in Canada only earns revenue that is considered incidental to the activities of the Group and therefore is not
           presented as an operating segment. During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Group’s
           revenue was generated from gold sales and copper multi-products to customers in the PRC. Approximately
           99% (2017: 99%) of non-current assets of the Group are located in the PRC.

     (e)   Information about major customers
           Revenue from major customers which accounts for 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue are sales of
           gold doré bars and copper and other products to CNG and its subsidiaries as disclosed in note 30 (a)(i). In
           addition, revenue from third-party customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the total
           sales of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                   Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                                 December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                         2018                  2017
                                                                                                     US$’000               US$’000


           Customer A2                                                                                     N/A1                 74,499
           Customer B2                                                                                 119,362                       –
           Customer C2                                                                                 121,195                       –


           1    The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group.
           2    Revenue from mine-produced copper segment

6.   GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
                                                                                                   Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                                 December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                         2018                  2017
                                                                                                     US$’000               US$’000


     Administration and office                                                                             22,372               11,479
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                          3,786                2,850
     Professional fees                                                                                      3,924                2,198
     Salaries and benefits                                                                                 16,855                9,463
     Others                                                                                                 4,487                3,113


     Total general and administrative expenses                                                             51,424               29,103




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2018     111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




7.    EXPLORATION AND EVALUATION EXPENDITURE
                                                                                          Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                        December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                2018                 2017
                                                                                            US$’000              US$’000


      CSH Gold Mine (note 21(a))                                                                  459                   304
      Generative exploration                                                                        –                     1


      Total explorative and evaluation expenditure                                                459                   305


8.    FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                          Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                        December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                2018                 2017
                                                                                            US$’000              US$’000


      Interests on borrowings:                                                                 42,474               43,620
      Accretion on environmental rehabilitation (note 28)                                       2,984                2,757


                                                                                               45,458               46,377
      Less: Amounts capitalised to property, plant and equipment                                 (983)             (24,651)


      Total finance costs                                                                      44,475               21,726


      Interest has been capitalised at the rate of interest applicable to the specific borrowings financing the assets under
      construction, or, where financed through general borrowings, at a capitalisation rate representing the average
      interest rate on such borrowings.

                                                                                          Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                        December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                2018                 2017
                                                                                                  %                    %


      Capitalisation rate                                                                         2.80                 4.23




112    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




9.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE
     The Company was incorporated in Canada and is subject to Canadian federal and provincial tax requirements
     which are calculated at 27% (2017: 26%) of the estimated assessable profit for the year ended December 31,
     2018. Since its incorporation, the Company had no assessable profit subject to Canadian federal and provincial
     tax requirements. PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) is calculated at the prevailing tax rate of 25% (2017: 25%)
     on the estimated taxable profit of the group entities located in the PRC for the year ended December 31, 2018
     except as described below.

     Pursuant to the Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT” Law) effective on January 1, 2008, Inner Mongolia Pacific
     Mining Co. Ltd. (“IMP”) is a certified “High and New Technology Enterprise” which is entitled to a preferential tax
     rate of 15% (2017: 15%) for three years from the year ended December 31, 2017 and eligible for renewal every
     three years. Such certificate will expire in 2020.

     Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co. Ltd. (“Huatailong”), Metrorkongka County Jiama Industry and Trade
     Co. (“Jiama Industry and Trade”) and Tibet Jia Ertong Minerals Exploration Ltd. (“Jia Ertong”) established in the
     westward development area of the PRC were was subject to preferential tax rate of 15% (2017: 15%) of taxable
     profit, except as described below.

     Pursuant to the Tibet Administration (2018) Notice on Investment Promotion (“No. 25”), effective on June 15,
     2018, Huatailong is certified as a “High and New Technology Enterprise”, and entitled to a preferential tax rate of 9%
     for three years, set to expire in 2021. In addition, pursuant to the Tibet Autonomous Region Enterprise Income
     Tax Policy (2014) (“No. 51”, “Measures”), Huatailong was entitled to a preferential tax rate of 9% during the year
     ended December 31, 2017 and expired in 2018.

     Pursuant to No. 25, Jiama Industry and Trade, employs 70% or above of its employees who are Tibet Permanent
     Residents and thus is entitled to a reduced preferential tax rate of 9% for the year ended December 31, 2018.
     In addition, pursuant to No. 51, Jiama Industry and Trade was entitled to a preferential tax rate of 9% during the
     year ended December 31, 2017 and expired in 2018.

     Pursuant to No. 51, Jia Ertong was entitled to a preferential tax rate of 9% during the year ended December 31,
     2017 and expired in 2018.

     Under relevant PRC Tax Law, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by the
     PRC subsidiaries from January 1, 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated
     financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated distributable profits of the
     PRC subsidiaries amounting to approximately US$420,484,000 and US$366,841,000 at December 31, 2018 and
     2017, respectively, as the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of temporary differences and it is
     probable the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

     Taxation for other relevant jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in each of those jurisdictions
     respectively.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2018      113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




9.    INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Cont’d)
      Tax expense comprises:

                                                                                     Year ended          Year ended
                                                                                   December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                           2018                2017
                                                                                       US$’000             US$’000


      Current tax expense – PRC EIT                                                        4,151              16,395
      Overprovision in prior year – PRC EIT                                               (2,266)             (2,100)
      Deferred tax expense (credit)                                                        1,335              (3,029)


      Total income tax expense                                                             3,220              11,266


      Per the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the income tax expense for the
      Group can be reconciled to the (loss) profit before income tax for the year as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended          Year ended
                                                                                   December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                           2018                2017
                                                                                       US$’000             US$’000


      (Loss) profit before income tax                                                       (970)             75,611


      PRC EIT tax rates                                                                     25%                 25%


      Tax at the PRC EIT tax rates                                                          (243)             18,903
      Tax effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in other
        jurisdictions                                                                        (60)                (64)
      Tax effect of concessionary tax rate                                                (5,119)            (11,368)
      Tax effect of tax losses and other deductible temporary differences not
        recognised                                                                         5,146               4,081
      Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                2,719               2,889
      Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                      (371)               (808)
      Impacts on opening deferred tax asset/liability resulting from decrease in
        applicable tax rate                                                                    –                 152
      Impacts on foreign exchange                                                          1,933              (2,076)
      Withholding tax in respect of interest income earned from PRC
        subsidiaries                                                                       1,481               1,657
      Overprovision of PRC EIT in prior year                                              (2,266)             (2,100)


                                                                                           3,220              11,266




114    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




9.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Cont’d)
     The following are the major deferred tax (assets) liabilities recognised and movements thereon during the current
     and prior years:

                                                 Property,
                                                 Plant and   Environmental           Mining
                                                equipment     rehabilitation       Rights (1)     Inventories          Others            Total
                                                 US$’000          US$’000          US$’000          US$’000          US$’000          US$’000


     At January 1, 2017                            (4,391)         (10,174)        132,495             7,186             (690)        124,426
     Charge (credit) to profit or loss             (2,477)              21            (751)             (542)             568          (3,181)
     Effect of change in tax rate                      42            2,925               –            (2,874)              59             152


     At December 31, 2017                          (6,826)          (7,228)        131,744             3,770              (63)        121,397
     Charge (credit) to profit or loss              2,596             (540)         (3,344)            3,274             (651)          1,335


     At December 31, 2018                          (4,230)          (7,768)        128,400             7,044             (714)        122,732


     (1)    Amount represents deferred tax liability arising from the fair value adjustment on mining rights during the business acquisition of
            Skyland Mining Limited and its subsidiaries (“Skyland”) in December 2010.

     For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
     and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
     purposes:

                                                                                                              2018                    2017
                                                                                                            US$’000                 US$’000


     Deferred tax assets                                                                                          –                   2,562
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                              (122,732)               (123,959)


                                                                                                           (122,732)               (121,397)




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2018        115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




9.    INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Cont’d)
      The Group’s unrecognised deferred income tax assets are as follows:

                                                                                           2018                2017
                                                                                         US$’000             US$’000


      Deferred income tax assets
        Tax loss carry forwards                                                            20,623              17,139
        Other deductible temporary differences                                              5,579               3,917


      Total unrecognised deferred income tax assets                                        26,202              21,056


      Deferred tax asset of US$20,623,000 (2017: US$17,139,000) has not been recognised in respect of unused
      tax losses of US$85 million (2017: US$71 million) due to the unpredictability of future profit streams. Under
      Canadian tax laws, unused tax loss can be carried forward for 20 years if the loss is arising in tax years ended
      after December 31, 2005. Included in unrecognised tax losses are losses of US$67 million (2017: US$58 million)
      that will expire from 2027 to 2038. Other losses may be carried forward indefinitely.

      Other deductible temporary differences of US$21 million (2017: US$15 million) primarily comprise of share issue
      costs and cumulative eligible capital expenditures that were incurred by the Company which are tax deductible
      according to the relevant tax law in Canada. No deferred tax asset has been recognised because the amount of
      future taxable profit that will be available to realize such assets is unpredictable and not probable.




116    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




10. LOSS (PROFIT) FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                       Year ended       Year ended
                                                                                     December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                             2018             2017
                                                                                         US$’000          US$’000

    Loss (profit) for the year has been arrived at after charging (crediting):
    Auditor’s remuneration                                                                   695                 676


    Depreciation included in cost of sales and inventories                               123,233               82,991
    Depreciation included in administrative expenses (note 6)                              3,786                4,626


    Total depreciation                                                                   127,019               87,617


    Release of prepaid lease payment (included in cost of sales)                             497                 374


    Amortisation of mining rights (included in cost of sales)                             23,835                5,603


    Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                         44                 206


    Staff costs
      Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (note 11)                                  299                  428
      Staff salaries and benefits                                                         15,427               12,355
      Retirement benefit contributions                                                     1,129                  599


    Total salaries and benefits included in administrative expenses (note 6)              16,855               13,382
    Total salaries and benefits capitalised in construction in progress                    1,556                6,416
    Staff costs included in cost of sales and inventories                                 31,702               16,885


    Total staff costs                                                                     50,113               36,683


    Operating lease payment                                                                3,774                4,125


    Loan interest income                                                                        –              (3,635)


    Bank interest income                                                                   (2,588)             (1,552)


    Government subsidies                                                                    (545)                (548)


    Reversal of allowance for credit losses of other receivables                                –                (188)


    Allowance for credit losses                                                              133                    –




                                                                                          Annual Report 2018     117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
      (a)   Directors’ and Chief Executive’s emoluments
            Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules
            and CO, is as follows:

            For the year ended December 31, 2018

                                                                                  Salaries      Retirement
                                                                                 and other         benefits
                                                                     Fees          benefits   contributions         Total
                                                                  US$’000         US$’000         US$’000        US$’000


            Executive Directors and Chief Executive (Note a)
            Liangyou Jiang                                               –              44               1             45
            Bing Liu (Note e)                                            –               –               –              –


            Executive Director (Note b)
            Xin Song (Note e)                                            –               –               –              –


            Non-executive Directors (Note c)
            Xiangdong Jiang                                             48               –               2             50
            Yongqing Teng                                                –               –               –              –
            Fuzhen Kang                                                  –               9               1             10
            Lianzhong Sun (Note e)                                       –               –               –              –


            Independent Non-executive Directors (Note d)
            Ian He                                                      54               –               2             56
            Yunfei Chen                                                 46               –               –             46
            Gregory Hall                                                46               –               –             46
            John King Burns                                             46               –               –             46


                                                                      240               53               6            299




118    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (Cont’d)
    (a)   Directors’ and Chief Executive’s emoluments (Cont’d)
          For the year ended December 31, 2017

                                                                                              Salaries       Retirement
                                                                                            and other           benefits
                                                                              Fees            benefits     contributions            Total
                                                                           US$’000           US$’000           US$’000           US$’000


          Executive Directors and Chief Executive (Note a)
          Bing Liu (Note e)                                                        –                  –                 –                 –


          Executive Directors (Note b)
          Xin Song (Note e)                                                        –                 –                  –                –
          Liangyou Jiang                                                           –               130                  7              137


          Non-executive Directors (Note c)
          Lianzhong Sun (Note e)                                                   –                  –                 –                –
          Xiangdong Jiang                                                         36                  –                 2               38


          Independent Non-executive Directors (Note d)
          Ian He                                                                  68                  –                 2               70
          Yunfei Chen                                                             61                  –                 –               61
          Gregory Hall                                                            61                  –                 –               61
          John King Burns                                                         61                  –                 –               61


                                                                                287                130                11               428


          Notes:
          (a)      Mr. Liangyou Jiang was appointed as Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) effective from November 13, 2018, and is also an
                   executive director of the Company. He is also an employee of CNG and his emolument payments are centralised by CNG as
                   of his CEO appointment. The emoluments disclosed above are inclusive of services rendered by him as executive director.
                   Mr. Bing Liu resigned as executive director and CEO effective from November 13, 2018.
          (b)      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services in connection with the management of the
                   affairs of the Company and the Group.
          (c)      The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as directors of the Company. Effective
                   from November 13, 2018, Mr. Yongqing Teng and Ms. Fuzhen Kang were appointed as non-executive directors. During
                   2018, Mr. Lianzhong Sun resigned as non-executive director as of November 13, 2018.
          (d)      The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as directors of the
                   Company.
          (e)      Mr. Bing Liu, Mr. Xin Song and Mr. Lianzhong Sun have also been employed by CNG and the payment of their emoluments
                   was centralised and made by CNG for both years, in which the amounts are considered as insignificant.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2018         119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (Cont’d)
      (a)   Directors’ and Chief Executive’s emoluments (Cont’d)
            For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, none of the directors of the Company waived or agreed
            to waive any emoluments.

      (b)   Five highest paid employees
            The five highest paid employees included nil (2017: nil) director for the year ended December 31, 2018.
            The emoluments of the five (2017: five) non-director employees for the year ended December 31, 2018, are
            as follows:

                                                                                       Year ended          Year ended
                                                                                     December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                             2018                2017
                                                                                         US$’000             US$’000


            Employees
             Salaries and other benefits                                                       857                995
             Retirement benefits contributions                                                   6                  6


                                                                                               863              1,001


            The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration
            fell within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                           No. of individuals
                                                                                             2018               2017
            HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
             US$129,001 to US$193,000)                                                           5                  4
            HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
             US$258,001 to US$323,000)                                                            –                 1


            During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the
            directors of the Company or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the
            Group or as compensation for loss of office.

12. DIVIDEND
      No dividend was paid or proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company during the years ended December
      31, 2018 and 2017, nor has any dividend been proposed since the end of reporting period.




120    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




13. (LOSS) EARNINGS PER SHARE
    (Loss) profit used in determining (loss) earnings per share are presented below:

                                                                                         Year ended        Year ended
                                                                                       December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                               2018              2017
    (Loss) profit attributable to owners of the Company for the purposes of
      basic (loss) earnings per share (US$’000)                                              (4,837)              63,146


    Weighted average number of shares, basic                                           396,413,753        396,413,753


    Basic (loss) earnings per share (US$)                                               (1.22) cents       15.93 cents


    The Group had no outstanding potential dilutive instruments issued as at December 31, 2018 and 2017 and
    during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. Therefore, no diluted (loss) earnings per share is
    presented.

14. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS/RESTRICTED BANK BALANCE
    Cash and cash equivalents of the Group are comprised of bank balances and bank deposits with an original
    maturity of three months or less. The Group’s bank balances, cash equivalents and restricted bank balances
    denominated in the foreign currencies other than the respective group entities’ functional currencies are presented
    below:

                                                                                       December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                              2018              2017
                                                                                           US$’000           US$’000


    Denominated in:
      Canadian dollars (“CAD”)                                                                 211                 1,087
      Renminbi (“RMB”)                                                                      39,197                27,180
      US$                                                                                       18                    25
      Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”)                                                                674                   245


                                                                                            40,100                28,537


    The bank balances and bank deposits carry interest rates ranging from 0.01% to 2.80% (2017: 0.01% to 2%) per
    annum for the year ended December 31, 2018.

    Restricted bank balance carries interest at market rates ranging from 0.30% to 1.55% (2017: 0.3% to 1.11%) per
    annum for the year ended December 31, 2018. The balance represents deposits pledged to banks to secure bills
    payable issued to suppliers for mining costs.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018     121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




15. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
      The Group’s accounts receivable arise from the following sources: trade receivables and amounts due from related
      companies. The components are as follows:

                                                                                                      December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                             2018                   2017
                                                                                                          US$’000                US$’000

      Trade receivables                                                                                          570                  20,685
      Less: allowance for credit losses                                                                          (46)                    (33)


                                                                                                                524                   20,652
      Amounts due from related companies (note 30(a))(1)                                                        725                       65
      Other receivables(2)                                                                                   22,054                    4,131


      Total trade and other receivables                                                                      23,303                   24,848


      (1)   The outstanding balances represent service fee receivables arising from provision of transportation services to the subsidiaries of
            CNG during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. The amounts are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.
      (2)   Included in the balance as at December 31, 2018 is an amount of approximately US$19,201,000 (2017: US$3,424,000) value-
            added tax recoverable which is expected to be recovered within twelve months after the end of the reporting period.

      The Group allows an average credit period of 90 days and 180 days to its trade customers including CNG for gold
      doŕe bar sales and copper sales, respectively.

      Below is an aged analysis of trade receivables (net of allowance for credit losses) presented based on invoice
      dates, which approximated the respective revenue recognition dates, at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                      December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                             2018                   2017
                                                                                                          US$’000                US$’000

      Less than 30 days                                                                                          227                  20,538
      31 to 90 days                                                                                              119                      33
      91 to 180 days                                                                                              60                      26
      Over 180 days                                                                                              118                      55


      Total trade receivables                                                                                    524                  20,652


      In determining the recoverability of a trade receivable, the Group considers any change in the credit quality of
      the trade receivable from the date credit was initially granted up to the reporting date. As at December 31, 2017,
      the customers with balances that are neither past due nor impaired have good repayment history and thus no
      impairment is considered necessary.

      Included in the Group’s trade receivables balances are debtors with aggregate carrying amount of US$55,000
      at December 31, 2017, respectively, which are past due over six months for which the Group has not provided
      for impairment loss as there has not been a significant change in credit quality and amounts are still considered
      recoverable based on historical experience. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.


122     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




15. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Cont’d)
    Movement in the allowance for credit losses:

                                                                                                                                     2017
                                                                                                                                   US$’000


    At January 1                                                                                                                          94
    Amount written off as uncollectible                                                                                                  (65)
    Exchange realignment                                                                                                                   4


    At December 31                                                                                                                        33


    Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables for the year ended December 31, 2018 are set
    out in note 32(d).

16. PREPAID EXPENSES AND DEPOSITS
                                                                                                     December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                            2018                    2017
                                                                                                         US$’000                 US$’000


    Deposits for mine supplies and services (Note a)                                                          1,952                     565
    Deposits for spare parts (Note a)                                                                         1,546                   1,566
    Deposits for environmental protection (Note b)                                                           13,848                  14,545
    Deposit for acquisition of property, plant and equipment (Note c)                                        16,317                     205
    Prepaid property and machinery insurance                                                                    159                     222
    Amount due from a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary (Note d)                                      357                     375
    Other prepayment and deposits                                                                               741                     722


                                                                                                             34,920                  18,200
    Less: Amounts that will be settled or utilised within one year shown
            under current assets                                                                             (4,107)                  (2,769)


    Amounts that will be settled or utilised for more than one year shown
     under non-current assets                                                                                30,813                  15,431


    Notes:
    a.       The amount represents deposits paid to third party vendors and related companies (note 30) for purchasing of raw materials,
             consumable, spare parts and mine services.
    b.       The amounts represent deposits paid to the PRC local land administration bureau for undertaking the restoration of land when the
             lease terms expire. Such amounts are receivable upon the end of the mine life and are expected to be repaid after one year and
             therefore are shown as non-current assets at both 2018 and 2017 year end.
    c.       The amount represents deposits paid to third party contractors for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment to expand its
             mining capacity in Tibet, the PRC. The amount is shown as non-current asset.
    d.       The amount due from a non-controlling shareholder is non-interest bearing, unsecured and repayable after one year.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2018          123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




17. PREPAID LEASE PAYMENTS
                                                                                                      US$’000


      At January 1, 2017                                                                               14,769
      Additions                                                                                           866
      Release to profit or loss                                                                          (374)
      Exchange realignment                                                                                864


      At December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2018                                                         16,125
      Additions                                                                                             –
      Release to profit or loss                                                                          (497)
      Exchange realignment                                                                               (667)


      At December 31, 2018                                                                             14,961


                                                                               December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                      2018              2017
                                                                                   US$’000           US$’000


      Analysed for reporting purpose:
        Current portion                                                                446                466
        Non-current portion                                                         14,515             15,659


      Total prepaid lease payments                                                  14,961             16,125


      Prepaid lease payments represent payments for medium-term leasehold land located in the PRC. The prepaid
      lease payments are released to profit or loss over the remaining lease terms.




124    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




18. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                       December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                              2018                    2017
                                                                                                           US$’000                 US$’000


    Gold in process                                                                                          203,067                   196,611
    Gold doré bars                                                                                            19,021                    14,726
    Consumables                                                                                               29,794                     3,812
    Copper                                                                                                    17,251                       672
    Spare parts                                                                                               13,825                     8,680


    Total inventories                                                                                        282,958                   224,501


    Inventories totalling US$438,505,000 (2017: US$290,486,000) for the year ended December 31, 2018 was
    recognised in cost of sales.

19. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                                                December 31,
                                                                                                                                       2018
                                                                                                                                    US$’000


    Listed investments (Details of the investment as set out in note 20):
       – Equity securities listed in Hong Kong (Note a)                                                                                 17,655
    Unlisted investments (Details of the investments as set out in note 20):
       – Equity securities (Note b)                                                                                                      2,575


    Total                                                                                                                               20,230


    Notes:
    a.       The above listed equity investments represent ordinary shares of an entity listed in Hong Kong. These investments are not held
             for trading, instead, they are held for long-term strategic purposes. The directors of the Company have elected to designate these
             investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair
             value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and
             realising their performance potential in the long run.
    b.       The above unlisted equity investments represent the Group’s equity interests in two private entities established in the PRC. The
             directors of the Company have elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe that
             recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s
             strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2018         125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




20. AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE INVESTMENTS
                                                                                                                             December 31,
                                                                                                                                    2017
                                                                                                                                 US$’000


      Listed investment, at fair value:
         – Equity securities listed in Hong Kong(1)                                                                                  19,680
      Unlisted investment, at cost:
         – Equity securities(2) (3)                                                                                                    2,143


      Total available-for-sales investments                                                                                          21,823


      (1)   On June 29, 2012, the Group acquired 70,545,000 shares of China Nonferrous Mining Corporation Limited (“CNMC”), a listed
            company in Hong Kong at HK$2.20 per share for a total consideration of US$20,011,000 which represents 2.03% equity interest
            in CNMC. CNMC engaged in mining, processing and trading of nonferrous metals in Zambia.
            During the year ended December 31, 2017 a fair value gain of US$6,943,000 was recognised in other comprehensive income and
            accumulated under the heading of investment revaluation reserve in accordance with the Group’s accounting policies.
      (2)   As of December 31, 2017, the Group has invested RMB10,000,000, approximately US$1,530,000, representing 10% share
            interest in Inner Mongolia Chengxin Yong’an Chemicals Co., Ltd. (“Yong’an Chemicals”). Yong’an Chemicals is established in the
            PRC and principally engaged in the development and manufacturing of chemicals.
      (3)   As of December 31, 2017, the Group has invested RMB4,000,000, approximately US$613,000, representing 7.425% share
            interest in Mozu Gongka Jiulian Industrial Explosives Material Co. Ltd. (“Mozu Explosives”). Mozu Explosives is established in the
            PRC and principally engaged in the development and manufacturing of explosives.

      Both Yong’an Chemicals and Mozu Explosives were measured at cost less impairment at December 31, 2017
      because the range of reasonable fair value estimates was so significant that the fair values could not be measured
      reliably.




126     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




21. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                Furniture   Machinery                                            Construction
                                                                               and office         and     Motor      Leasehold        Mineral     in progress
                                                        Buildings   Crushers   equipment    equipment   vehicles   improvements        assets         (“CIP”)       Total
                                                        US$’000     US$’000     US$’000      US$’000    US$’000       US$’000        US$’000         US$’000     US$’000

    COST
    At January 1, 2017                                   198,713    213,144        4,403     110,377      8,502           198        442,534        846,790     1,824,661
    Additions                                              1,288          –        1,233       3,807      1,599             –        170,141        117,948       296,016
    Disposals                                                  –          –           (4)          –     (1,985)            –              –              –        (1,989)
    Transfer from CIP                                    565,087     10,295            –     136,131          –             –        135,043       (846,556)            –
    Environmental rehabilitation adjustment (note 28)          –          –            –           –          –             –         (3,899)             –        (3,899)
    Exchange realignment                                  26,671          –          223       7,292        360             –         13,567         30,969        79,082


    At December 31, 2017                                 791,759    223,439        5,855     257,607      8,476           198        757,386        149,151     2,193,871
    Additions                                                371      3,893        1,362       2,185      1,700             –        115,506         25,533       150,550
    Costs adjustment                                      (1,335)         –         (147)     (3,348)        (7)            –              –              –        (4,837)
    Disposals                                               (181)         –          (28)        (57)      (163)            –              –              –          (429)
    Transfer from CIP                                     82,833          –            –      62,641          –             –         17,992       (163,466)            –
    Environmental rehabilitation adjustment (note 28)          –          –            –           –          –             –          8,069              –         8,069
    Exchange realignment                                 (40,856)         –         (123)    (13,021)      (342)            –        (24,618)           146       (78,814)


    At December 31, 2018                                 832,591    227,332        6,919     306,007      9,664           198        874,335         11,364     2,268,410


    ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
    At January 1, 2017                                   (43,957)   (61,679)      (2,569)    (52,297)    (5,672)         (143)       (127,037)             –     (293,354)
    Provided for the year                                 (9,455)   (12,985)      (1,169)     (9,483)      (853)          (23)        (53,649)             –      (87,617)
    Eliminated on disposals                                    –          –            4           –      1,744             –               –              –        1,748
    Exchange realignment                                  (2,472)         –          (95)     (1,557)      (206)            –            (594)             –       (4,924)


    At December 31, 2017                                 (55,884)   (74,664)      (3,829)    (63,337)    (4,987)         (166)       (181,280)             –     (384,147)
    Provided for the year                                (36,615)   (16,968)        (496)    (21,139)      (627)          (20)        (51,154)             –     (127,019)
    Eliminated on disposals                                  172          –           20          40        140             –               –              –          372
    Exchange realignment                                   3,994          –          125       2,323        174             –           1,128              –        7,744


    At December 31, 2018                                 (88,333)   (91,632)      (4,180)    (82,113)    (5,300)         (186)       (231,306)             –     (503,050)


    CARRYING VALUE
    At December 31, 2018                                 744,258    135,700        2,739     223,894      4,364             12       643,029         11,364     1,765,360


    At December 31, 2017                                 735,875    148,775        2,026     194,270      3,489             32       576,106        149,151     1,809,724




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2018               127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




21. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Cont’d)
      The above items of property, plant and equipment, except for mineral assets, are depreciated using the straight-
      line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets as follows:

      Buildings                             Over the shorter of the term of lease, or 24 years
      Crushers                              14 years
      Furniture and office equipment        2 to 5 years
      Machinery and equipment               2 to 10 years
      Motor vehicles                        5 to 10 years
      Leasehold improvements                Over the shorter of the term of lease, or 5.5 years

      Mineral assets mainly represent drilling, stripping and related costs incurred on sites with an existing mine and
      on areas within the boundary of a known mineral deposit which contains proven and probable reserves and are
      capitalised when they are incurred to improve access to the future ores. Mineral assets are depreciated using the
      unit-of-production method based on the actual production volume over the estimated total proven and probable
      reserves of the mines.

      Mineral Assets
      (a)   CSH Gold Mine
            CSH Gold Mine, in which the Group holds a 96.5% equity interest, consists of a licensed area of 36 square
            kilometers (“km2”) in the western part of Inner Mongolia, northern China. The site is centrally positioned
            within the east-west-trending Tian Shan Gold Belt and is approximately 650 kilometers (“km”) northwest
            of Beijing. The carrying value of the CSH Gold Mine in relation to mineral assets is US$301,684,000 as at
            December 31, 2018 (December 31, 2017: US$286,824,000).

      (b)   Jiama Mine
            The Jiama Mine, a large copper-gold polymetallic deposit consisting of skarn-type and hornfels-type
            mineralization located in Metrorkongka County in Tibet, in which the Group holds 100% equity interest
            through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Skyland. The Group acquired Skyland on December 1, 2010. The
            carrying value of the Jiama Mine in relation to mineral assets is US$341,345,000 as at December 31, 2018
            (December 31, 2017: US$289,282,000).




128    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




22. MINING RIGHTS
                                                                                                              US$’000


    COST
    At January 1, 2017                                                                                        974,341
    Additions                                                                                                  26,694
    Exchange realignment                                                                                        3,526


    At December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2018                                                                1,004,561
    Exchange realignment                                                                                       (3,596)


    At December 31, 2018                                                                                    1,000,965


    ACCUMULATED AMORTISATION
    At January 1, 2017                                                                                         (51,524)
    Additions                                                                                                   (5,603)
    Exchange realignment                                                                                          (180)


    At December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2018                                                                   (57,307)
    Additions                                                                                                  (23,835)
    Exchange realignment                                                                                           244


    At December 31, 2018                                                                                       (80,898)


    CARRYING VALUE
    At December 31, 2018                                                                                      920,067


    At December 31, 2017                                                                                      947,254


    The amounts represent mining rights in the Jiama Mine, in relation to the copper concentrate and other by-
    products production, acquired through the acquisition of Skyland. The mining permit will expire in 2023. The
    Group considers that it will be able to renew the mining rights with the relevant government authority continuously
    at insignificant cost until the end of mine life.

    Amortisation on mining rights acquired is provided to write off the cost of the mining rights using the unit-of-
    production method based on the actual production volume over the estimated total proven and probable reserves
    of the mines.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2018     129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




23. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED EXPENSES
      Accounts and other payables of the Group are principally comprised of amounts outstanding for trade purchases
      relating to minerals production activities and construction activities. The average credit period taken for trade
      purchases is between 120 to 150 days.

      Accounts and other payables and accrued expenses comprise the following:

                                                                                     December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                            2018               2017
                                                                                         US$’000            US$’000


      Accounts payable                                                                     44,670              26,191
      Bills payable                                                                        83,263              67,338
      Construction costs payable                                                          138,838             112,194
      Advances from customers                                                                   –               2,724
      Mining cost accrual                                                                   3,578               1,940
      Payroll and benefit payable                                                           4,863               4,833
      Other accruals                                                                        5,018               4,714
      Other tax payables                                                                    5,185               4,523
      Other payables                                                                        6,598               2,953


      Total accounts and other payables and accrued expenses                              292,013             227,410


      The following is an aging analysis of the accounts payable presented based on the invoice date at the end of the
      reporting period:

                                                                                     December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                            2018               2017
                                                                                         US$’000            US$’000


      Less than 30 days                                                                    16,832              15,838
      31 to 90 days                                                                        12,232               3,703
      91 to 180 days                                                                        1,619               2,850
      Over 180 days                                                                        13,987               3,800


      Total accounts payable                                                               44,670              26,191


      The credit period for bills payable is 180 days from the bills issue date.




130    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




23. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES (Cont’d)
    The following is an ageing analysis of bills payables, presented based on bills issue date at the end of the
    reporting period:

                                                                                                December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                       2018             2017
                                                                                                    US$’000          US$’000


    Less than 30 days                                                                                19,512               12,243
    31 to 60 days                                                                                    15,265                6,122
    61 to 90 days                                                                                    14,196               12,243
    91 to 180 days                                                                                   34,290               36,730


    Total bills payable                                                                              83,263               67,338


24. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                December 31,         January 1,
                                                                                                       2018             2018*
                                                                                                    US$’000           US$’000


    Copper concentrate                                                                                4,593                2,724


    *     The amount in this column is after the adjustments from the application of IFRS 15.

    The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current year relates to carried-forward
    contract liabilities.

                                                                                                                       Copper
                                                                                                                   concentrate
                                                                                                                     US$’000


    Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liability balance
      at the beginning of the year                                                                                         2,724


    Typical payment terms which have an impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognised are as follows:

    When the Group receives a deposit before the goods delivered, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start
    of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit. The Group
    typically receives 100% deposit on acceptance of sales order.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2018     131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




25. BORROWINGS
      The borrowings are repayable as follows:

                                                                                                   December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                          2018                  2017
                                                                                                       US$’000               US$’000


      Carrying amount repayable on demand and within one year(2), (3)                                    123,921                161,489
      Carrying amount repayable within one to two years(1), (3)                                          537,659                128,799
      Carrying amount repayable within two to five years(3)                                              263,725                636,478
      Carrying amount repayable over five years(3)                                                       284,853                348,167


                                                                                                       1,210,158              1,274,933
      Less: Amounts due within one year (shown under current liabilities)                               (123,921)              (161,489)


      Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                                      1,086,237              1,113,444


      (1)   On July 7, 2017, the Company (as “Guarantor”), through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Skyland (BVI), completed the issuance of
            bonds to independent third parties in an aggregate principal amount of US$500 million, listed on the Stock Exchange. The bonds
            were issued at a price of 99.663%, bearing coupon rate of 3.25% with a maturity date of July 6, 2020. Interest is payable in
            equal semi-annual instalments on January 6 and July 6 in each year.
      (2)   As at December 31, 2018, included in the Group’s borrowing balance are loans payable to a CNG subsidiary with an amount of
            US$50,997,000 (2017: US$53,564,000). Details of balances with related parties are set out in Note 30(a).
      (3)   Skyland entered into a syndicated long term loan facility agreement with a syndicate of banks (“The Lenders”), on November 3,
            2015 which is available for Skyland to draw down up to October 30, 2018. As at December 31, 2018, Skyland has drawn down
            the loan amount of RMB3,495,000,000 (equivalent to approximately US$509,238,000) (2017: RMB3,495,000,000 (equivalent to
            approximately US$534,878,000)). The loan carries a floating rate, currently set at 2.83% per annum, set by the People’s Bank
            of China Lhasa Center Branch’s interest rate bench mark, discounted by 7 base points (or 0.07%) as at December 31, 2018 and
            2017. Repayment of the loan is scheduled to begin in May 2019 and will reach full maturity and repayment in November 2028.
            The loan is subject to a financial covenant with which the Company was in compliance as at December 31, 2018 and 2017.




132     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




25. BORROWINGS (Cont’d)
    Analysed as:

                                                                                   December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                          2018               2017
                                                                                       US$’000            US$’000


    Secured                                                                              509,238           534,878
    Unsecured                                                                            700,920           740,055


                                                                                       1,210,158         1,274,933


    Fixed rate loans amounting to approximately US$700,920,000 (December 31, 2017: US$740,055,000), carry
    weighted average effective interest rate of 3.19% (2017: 3.27%) per annum.

    The carrying values of the pledged assets to secure borrowings by the Group are as follows:

                                                                                   December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                          2018               2017
                                                                                       US$’000            US$’000


    Mining rights                                                                        920,067           947,254


26. ENTRUSTED LOAN PAYABLE
    On January 16, 2017, the Group renewed the entrusted loan by entering into a three-year entrusted loan
    agreement with CNG (note 30) and China National Gold Group Finance Company Limited (“China Gold
    Finance”), a subsidiary of CNG, in which CNG provided a loan of RMB200 million (equivalent to approximately
    US$29,186,000 based on the spot rate at the withdrawal date) to the Group through China Gold Finance as the
    entrusted bank. The entrusted loan is unsecured and carries interest at a fixed rate of 2.75% per annum. The
    principal amount is repayable on January 15, 2020.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2018   133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




27. DEFERRED INCOME
                                                                                     December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                            2018               2017
                                                                                         US$’000            US$’000


      Deferred income – government grants                                                    3,459               4,560
      Deferred lease inducement                                                                 19                  19


      Total deferred income                                                                  3,478               4,579


      Movement in the deferred income – government grants:

                                                                                            2018                2017
                                                                                          US$’000             US$’000


      At January 1                                                                           4,560               4,195
      Addition                                                                                 256                 482
      Charged to other income                                                                 (545)               (548)
      Exchange realignment                                                                    (812)                431


      At December 31                                                                         3,459               4,560


28. ENVIRONMENTAL REHABILITATION
      The environmental rehabilitation relates to reclamation and closure costs relating to the Group’s mine operations
      at the CSH Gold Mine and Jiama Mine. The environmental rehabilitation is calculated as the net present value
      of estimated future net cash flows of the reclamation and closure costs, which total US$86,910,000 (2017:
      US$88,772,000), discounted at 4.5% (2017: 7.0%) per annum at December 31, 2018.

      The following is an analysis of the environmental rehabilitation:

                                                                                            2018                2017
                                                                                          US$’000             US$’000


      At January 1                                                                         51,269              49,337
      Changes from change in discount rate during the year                                  8,897              (3,899)
      Accretion incurred in the current year                                                2,984               2,757
      Payment during the year                                                                (828)                (11)
      Exchange realignment                                                                 (2,853)              3,085


      At December 31                                                                       59,469              51,269




134    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




29. SHARE CAPITAL
    Common shares
    (i)    Authorized – Unlimited common shares without par value

    (ii)   Issued and outstanding

                                                                                            Number
                                                                                          of shares          Amount
                                                                                                            US$’000


           Issued & fully paid:
             At January 1, 2017, December 31, 2017 and 2018                           396,413,753         1,229,061


30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
    The Group operates in an economic environment currently predominated by enterprises directly or indirectly
    owned or controlled or significantly influenced by the PRC government (hereinafter collectively referred to as
    “Government-related entities”). In addition, the Group itself is a Government-related entity. CNG, a substantial
    shareholder with significant influence over the Group, is a state owned company registered in Beijing, PRC, which
    is controlled by State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of the PRC.

    During the year, except as disclosed below, the Group did not have any individually significant transactions with
    other government-related entities in its ordinary and usual course of business.

    Name and relationship with related parties during the years are as follows:

    CNG owned the following percentages of outstanding common shares of the Company:

                                                                                   December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                          2018               2017
                                                                                             %                  %


    CNG                                                                                     39.3                39.3




                                                                                          Annual Report 2018    135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
      (a)   Transactions/balances with government-related entities in the PRC
            (i)   Transactions/balances with CNG and its subsidiaries
                  The Group had the following transactions with CNG and CNG’s subsidiaries:

                                                                                      December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                             2018              2017
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000


                  Gold doré bars sales by the Group (Note a)                                  186,796       233,641


                  Copper and other product sales by the Group
                    (Note b)                                                                  127,453       101,225


                  Provision of transportation services by the Group
                    (Note b)                                                                    1,536           699


                  Construction, stripping and mining services provided
                    to the Group (Note b)                                                      16,548         21,852


                  Office lease to the Group (Note b)                                            4,051          3,924


                  Interest income                                                                177           4,124


                  Interest expense                                                              3,094          3,003


                  Entrusted loan (Note 26) and loans provided to
                    the Group (Note c)                                                         53,756       105,065


                  Cash and cash equivalent held by the Group
                    (Note c)                                                                   14,570         96,337




136    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
    (a)   Transactions/balances with government-related entities in the PRC (Cont’d)
          (i)   Transactions/balances with CNG and its subsidiaries (Cont’d)
                Notes:
                a.       On May 7, 2014, the Company’s subsidiary, IMP entered into an exclusive contract for the sale of doré with CNG
                         pursuant to which IMP sells gold doré bars to CNG for the period up to December 31, 2017. On May 26, 2017,
                         the Company and IMP entered into the Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Dore for an extended term
                         commencing on January 1, 2018 and expiring on December 31, 2020.
                         The extent of the continuing connected transactions for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 did not
                         exceed the limit as set out in the announcements of the Company on May 26, 2017 and May 7, 2014 respectively.
                b.       On April 26, 2013, the Company entered into a product and service framework agreement with CNG for the provision
                         of mining related services and products to the Company for three years until June 18, 2016. The agreement was
                         amended to extend the term of the agreement to December 31, 2017 and to include copper concentrates sales
                         contract and office lease contract with CNG since May 29, 2015. On May 26, 2017 the Company and CNG entered
                         into the second supplemental product and service framework agreement to extend the term to December 31, 2020
                         and to extend the scope of the supplemental product and service framework agreement to include leasing services
                         to be provided by Zhongxin International Financial Leasing (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd., the shares of which are 80% owned
                         by CNG.
                         The extent of the continuing connected transactions for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 did not
                         exceed the limit as set out in the announcement of the Company on May 26, 2017 and May 29, 2015 respectively.
                c.       On May 29, 2015, the Company’s subsidiaries, IMP, Huatailong and China Gold Finance, a subsidiary of CNG,
                         entered into a financial services agreement (the “Financial Services Agreement”) pursuant to which China Gold
                         Finance will provide deposit services, loan, settlement, credit facility, financial advisory and other financial services
                         subject to terms and conditions provided therein for a term of three years.
                         The extent of the continuing connected transactions for the year ended December 31, 2017 did not exceed the limit
                         as set out in the announcement of the Company on May 29, 2015.
                         On December 18, 2017, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a deposit services agreement (“Deposit
                         Services Agreement”) pursuant to which the Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, make withdrawals
                         and deposits with China Gold Finance up to a daily maximum deposit balance (including interest) not exceeding
                         RMB100 million (approximately equivalent to US$15 million) and commencing from January 1, 2018 for one year.
                         On the same date, IMP and China Gold Finance entered into a loan agreement (“Loan Agreement”) pursuant
                         to which China Gold Finance agreed to provide an unsecured loan in the aggregate amount of RMB350 million
                         (approximately equivalent to US$51 million) to satisfy the financial needs of the Group within the PRC subject to
                         terms and conditions provided therein for a term of one year, and detail of terms as set out in loans payable to a
                         CNG subsidiary below.
                         On December 18, 2018, the Deposit Services Agreement and Loan Agreement have been extended for a one year
                         term to December 31, 2019 and four month term to April 30, 2019 pursuant to the supplemental deposit services
                         agreement and loan agreement respectively.
                         The extend of the connected transaction for deposit services for the year ended December 31, 2018 did not exceed
                         the limit as set out in the announcement of the Company on December 18, 2017.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2018          137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
      (a)   Transactions/balances with government-related entities in the PRC (Cont’d)
            (i)   Transactions/balances with CNG and its subsidiaries (Cont’d)
                  The Group has the following significant balances with CNG and its subsidiaries at the end of each
                  reporting period:

                                                                                         December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                2018           2017
                                                                                             US$’000        US$’000


                  Assets
                  Amounts due from related companies (note 15)                                   725               65
                  Cash and cash equivalents held in a CNG subsidiary                          14,570           96,337
                  Trade receivables from CNG subsidiaries (note 15)                                –           19,721
                  Deposits                                                                        53               81


                                                                                              15,348         116,204


                  Other than the cash and cash equivalents held in a CNG subsidiary, the remaining amounts due from
                  CNG and its subsidiaries as at December 31, 2018 and 2017, which are included in trade and other
                  receivables is non-interest bearing, unsecured and repayable on demand.

                                                                                         December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                2018           2017
                                                                                             US$’000        US$’000


                  Liabilities
                  Loans payable to a CNG subsidiary                                           50,997           53,564
                  Entrusted loan payable (note 26)                                            29,140           30,608
                  Construction costs payable to CNG subsidiaries                              25,500           22,852
                  Trade payable to CNG subsidiaries                                            3,556              722
                  Amount due to CNG                                                               86                –
                  Customer advances paid by a CNG’s subsidiary                                     –               35
                  Contract liabilities with a CNG’s subsidiary                                 3,263                –


                                                                                             112,542         107,781


                  The loans payable to a CNG subsidiary, which are included in borrowings, carry fixed interest rates
                  at 4.13% (2017: 4.13%) per annum and are unsecured and repayable within one year. With the
                  exception of the entrusted loan payable to CNG and loans payable to a CNG subsidiary, the amounts
                  due to CNG and its subsidiaries which are included in other payables and construction costs payable,
                  are non-interest bearing, unsecured and have no fixed terms of repayments.




138    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
    (a)   Transactions/balances with government-related entities in the PRC (Cont’d)
          (ii)   Transactions/balances with other government – related entities in the PRC
                 Apart from the transactions with CNG and its subsidiaries disclosed above, the Group has also entered
                 into transactions of bank deposits, pledged bank deposits, borrowings and other general banking
                 facilities with other government-related entities in its ordinary course of business. Over 80%, 100%,
                 54% and 100% (2017: over 24%, 100%, 52% and 100%) of the Group’s bank deposits, pledged
                 bank deposits, borrowings and other general banking facilities are with government-related entities
                 respectively.

    (b)   Compensation of key management personnel
          Other than the directors’ emoluments disclosed in note 11(a), the Group has the following compensation to
          other key management personnel during the years:

                                                                                        Year ended          Year ended
                                                                                      December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                              2018                2017
                                                                                          US$’000             US$’000


          Salaries and other benefits                                                           666                  869
          Post-employment benefits                                                               23                   19


                                                                                                689                  888


31. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
    The Group manages its common shares as capital. The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard
    the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern in order to operate its mines, pursue the development of its
    mineral properties and to maintain a flexible capital structure which optimizes the costs of capital at an acceptable
    risk. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior years.

    The Group manages the capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of operating results, changes
    in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital
    structure, the Group may attempt to issue new shares or options, issue of new debt, redemption of existing debt
    or acquire or dispose of assets.

    In order to facilitate the management of its capital requirements, the Group prepares annual expenditure budgets
    that are updated as necessary depending on various factors, including operating results, successful capital
    deployment and general industry conditions. The annual and updated budgets are approved by the board of
    directors of the Company.

    In order to maximize ongoing development efforts, the Group does not pay out dividends. The Group’s policy is to
    invest its short-term excess cash in fixed bank deposits with maturities of 90 days or less from the original date of
    acquisition, selected with regards to the expected timing of expenditures from its operations.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018     139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                      December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                             2018              2017
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000


      Financial assets
      Financial assets at amortised cost                                                   158,555                 –
      Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                          20,230                 –
      Loans and receivables (including cash and cash equivalents)                                –           187,206
      Available-for-sale investments                                                             –            21,823


      Financial liabilities
      At amortised cost                                                                  1,512,667         1,514,217


      Financial assets at amortised cost and loan and receivables (including cash and cash equivalents) as at December
      31, 2018 and 2017 respectively are as follows:

                                                                                      December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                             2018              2017
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000


      Cash and cash equivalents                                                            137,996           147,318
      Restricted bank balance                                                               16,100            18,089
      Trade and other receivables (1)                                                        4,102            21,424
      Amount due from a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary (included
        in prepaid expenses)                                                                     357              375


                                                                                           158,555           187,206


      Financial liabilities at amortised cost as at December 31, 2018 and 2017 are as follows:

                                                                                      December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                             2018              2017
                                                                                          US$’000           US$’000


      Accounts and other payables (2)                                                      273,369           208,676
      Borrowings
        – Loans, other than syndicated loan                                                700,920           740,055
        – Syndicated loan                                                                  509,238           534,878
      Entrusted loan payable                                                                29,140            30,608


                                                                                         1,512,667         1,514,217




140     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
    (1)   Excluded VAT recoverables.
    (2)   Excluded advances from customers, mining cost accrual, other accruals, payroll and benefit payable and other tax payables.

    The Group’s financial instruments are exposed to certain financial risks including market risk (e.g. currency risk,
    interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

    (a)   Currency risk
          The Group is exposed to the financial risk related to the fluctuation of foreign exchange rates for the
          monetary assets and liabilities denominated in the currencies other than the functional currencies to which
          they related. The Group has not hedged its exposure to currency fluctuations. However, the Management
          monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should
          the need arise.

          At the end of each reporting period, Huatailong of which its functional currency is RMB, had US$
          denominated intra-group borrowings from Skyland (BVI). The intra-group borrowing is approximately
          US$225,550,000 (2017: US$224,631,000) as at December 31, 2018.

          The Group is mainly exposed to exchange rate fluctuation of RMB and US$.

          RMB monetary assets and (liabilities)
                                                                                                  December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                         2018                   2017
                                                                                                      US$’000                US$’000


          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       23,097                  9,091
          Restricted bank balance                                                                         16,100                 18,089
          Trade and other receivables                                                                         65                     78
          Available-for-sale investments                                                                       –                  1,530
          Equity instrument at FVTOCI                                                                      1,992                      –
          Accounts and other payables                                                                    (81,921)               (89,461)
          Borrowings                                                                                     (80,138)               (84,173)


                                                                                                        (120,805)              (144,846)


          Based on the above net exposures, and assuming that all other variables remain constant, a 5% (2017: 5%)
          depreciation/appreciation of the RMB against the US$ would result in a decrease/increase in the Group’s
          loss for the year of approximately US$5,134,000 (2017: increase/decrease in the Group’s profit for the year
          of approximately US$6,158,000) for the year ended December 31, 2018.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2018            141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
      (a)   Currency risk (Cont’d)
            US$ monetary assets and (liabilities)
                                                                                           December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                  2018                2017
                                                                                               US$’000             US$’000


            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                18                   25
            Inter-company loans                                                                (225,550)            (224,631)
            Other payables                                                                     (133,087)             (16,165)


                                                                                               (358,619)            (240,771)


            Based on the above net exposures, and assuming that all other variables remain constant, a 5% (2017: 5%)
            depreciation/appreciation of the US$ against the RMB would result in a decrease/increase in the Group’s
            loss for the year of approximately US$16,317,000 (2017: increase/decrease in the Group’s profit for the year
            of approximately US$10,233,000) for the year ended December 31, 2018.

            In the Management’s opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange
            risk as the year end exposure does not reflect the exposure during the year.

      (b)   Interest rate risk
            Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value in relation to bank balance, borrowings, entrusted loan payable
            and loan to a CNG subsidiary of US$725,694,000 (2017: US$744,418,000) bearing fixed interest rate or
            future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The
            Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk on the variable rate bank balances and variable-rate bank
            borrowings (see note 25 for details of these borrowings).

            Sensitivity analysis
            The following analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at the end of the reporting
            period were outstanding for the whole year and all other variables were held constant. A 25 basis point (2017:
            25 basis points) increase or decrease is used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management
            personnel and represents the Management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.




142    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
    (b)   Interest rate risk (Cont’d)
          Sensitivity analysis (Cont’d)
          The analysis below reflects the sensitivity that the interest rate may be higher/lower by 25 basis points (2017:
          25 basis points).

                                                                                         Year ended          Year ended
                                                                                       December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                               2018                2017
                                                                                           US$’000             US$’000


          25 basis points (2017: 25 basis points) higher
            – increase in loss (2017: decrease in profit) for the year                          (652)                (175)
            – addition in finance costs capitalised                                               29                  756


          25 basis points (2017: 25 basis points) lower
            – decrease in loss (2017: increase in profit) for the year                           652                  175
            – reduction in finance costs capitalised                                             (29)                (756)


          The Group monitors interest rate exposure and will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should
          the need arise.

    (c)   Other price risk
          The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in equity securities listed in Hong Kong.
          The Group’s equity price risk is mainly concentrated on equity instruments operating in mining industry
          sector quoted in the Stock Exchange. In addition, the Group also invested in certain unquoted equity
          securities for investees operating in the chemical industry sector for long term strategic purposes which had
          been designated as FVTOCI (2017: available-for-sale investments measured at cost less impairment). The
          Group has formed a team led by Chief Financial Officer to monitor the price risk and will consider hedging
          the risk exposure should the need arise.

          Sensitivity analysis
          The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risk at the
          reporting date. No sensitivity analysis is presented as the directors of the Company consider the amounts of
          unquoted investments are insignificant. If the prices of the respective equity instruments had been 10% (2017:
          10%) higher/lower:

          •	Investments revaluation reserve would increase/decrease by US$1,766,000 (2017: increase/decrease
             by US$1,968,000) for the Group as a result of the changes in fair value of listed investment at FVTOCI
             (2017: available-for-sale investment).




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018      143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
      (d)   Credit risk and impairment assessment
            Credit risk is the risk of an unexpected loss if a customer or third party to a financial asset fails to meet its
            contractual obligations. The Group sold approximately 100% (2017: 100%) of its gold to one creditworthy
            customer, CNG, and approximately 33% (2017: 57%) and 63% (2017: 42%) of its copper concentrate and
            other by-product to a CNG subsidiary and third-party customers with 10% or more of the Group’s revenue
            respectively for the year ended December 31, 2018 and exposes the Group to concentration of credit risk.
            The failure of these customers to make required payments could have a negative impact on the Group’s
            results. The Group manages this risk by demanding upfront payment for sales of copper concentrate and
            other by-products and has set up monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken for timely
            settlement of receivables from CNG, the CNG subsidiary and third-party customers. The Group reviews the
            recoverable amount of each individual trade debt at the end of the reporting period to ensure the adequate
            impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In addition, the Group performs impairment
            assessment under ECL model upon application of IFRS 9 (2017: incurred loss model) on trade balances
            individually. In this regard, Management considers the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced. The Group
            does not hold any collateral over these balances.

            Since the adoption of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2018, the Group applies the simplified approach to provide for
            expected credit losses on trade receivables as permitted and prescribed by IFRS 9.

            The Management assessed the expected loss on trade receivables individually. Based on historical
            experience of the Group, these trade receivables are generally recoverable due to the long term/on-going
            relationship and good repayment record.

            As at December 31, 2018, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate
            carrying amount of US$118,000 which are past due as at the reporting date. The directors of the Company
            are of the opinion that there has no default occurred for the past due balances and the balances are still
            considered fully recoverable due to long-term/on-going relationship and good repayment record from these
            customers.

            Movement in the allowance for credit losses of trade receivables:

                                                                                                              December 31,
                                                                                                                     2018
                                                                                                                  US$’000


            At January 1                                                                                                  33
            Allowance for credit losses                                                                                   20
            Exchange realignment                                                                                          (7)


            At December 31                                                                                                46




144    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
    (d)   Credit risk and impairment assessment (Cont’d)
          The Group was exposed to credit risk on amount due from related parties and other receivables. The
          Management periodically monitors the financial position of each of the related companies to ensure each
          related company is financially viable to settle the amount due to the Group. The Management makes
          individual assessment on the recoverability of other receivables based on historical settlement records and
          past experience. The directors of the Company believe that there is no material credit risk inherent in the
          Group’s outstanding balance of other receivables.

          The Group’s cash and short-term bank deposits are held in large PRC, Hong Kong and Canadian financial
          institutions, which the credit risks on cash and short-term bank deposits are limited. These deposits mature
          at various dates within three months from inception date. The exchange rate of RMB is determined by the
          Government of the PRC and the remittance of funds out of the PRC is subject to exchange restrictions
          imposed by the Government of the PRC.

          The Group had concentration of credit risk by geographical locations as the financial assets at amortised
          cost comprise various debtors which are located either in the PRC or Canada for the years ended December
          31, 2018 and 2017.

          Other than the concentration of the credit risk on bank balances and accounts receivable, the Group does
          not have any other significant concentration of credit risk.

    (e)   Liquidity risk
          The Group operates in a capital intensive industry. The Group’s liquidity requirements arise principally from
          the need for financing the expansion of its mining and processing operations.

          Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due.
          The Group manages liquidity risk through the management of its capital structure and financial leverage as
          outlined in note 31.

          The Group manages its liquidity primarily through maintaining adequate level of cash and cash equivalents
          and bank borrowings.

          In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
          equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects
          of fluctuations in cash flows. The Management monitors the utilisation of bank borrowings and ensures
          compliance with loan covenants.

          The Group relies on bank borrowings as a significant source of liquidity. Details of which are set out in note
          25.

          The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturities for its financial liabilities (see note
          33 for other commitments). The table is based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based
          on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to satisfy the liabilities.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2018      145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
      (e)   Liquidity risk (Cont’d)
            To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate at
            the end of the reporting period:


                                                          On demand                                        Total
                                             Weighted       or within     1–2       2–5      Over 5 undiscounted     Carrying
                                               average         1 year     years     years     years     cashflow      Amount
                                          interest rate     US$’000     US$’000   US$’000   US$’000     US$’000      US$’000
                                                     %


            At December 31, 2018
            Accounts and other payables              –       273,369          –         –         –      273,369      273,369
            Borrowings                            2.88       143,414    554,282   296,829   306,206    1,300,731    1,210,158
            Entrusted loan payable                2.75           801     29,173         –         –       29,974       29,140


                                                             417,584    583,455   296,829   306,206    1,604,074    1,512,667


                                                          On demand                                         Total
                                             Weighted       or within     1–2       2–5      Over 5 undiscounted     Carrying
                                               average         1 year     years     years     years     cashflow      Amount
                                          interest rate     US$’000     US$’000   US$’000   US$’000     US$’000      US$’000
                                                     %


            At December 31, 2017
            Accounts and other payables              –       208,676          –         –         –      208,676      208,676
            Borrowings                            3.13       183,818    145,382   674,611   371,191    1,375,002    1,274,933
            Entrusted loan payable                2.75           842        842    30,645         –       32,329       30,608


                                                             393,336    146,224   705,256   371,191    1,616,007    1,514,217


      (f)   Fair value
            Equity instruments at FVTOCI – listed equity securities (2017: available-for-sale investment – listed equity
            securities) and equity instruments at FVTOCI – unlisted equity securities which are measured at fair
            value based on the quoted bid price in an active market (Level 1) and the discounted cash flow model
            as considered insignificant respectively. The fair values of other financial assets and financial liabilities
            measured at amortised cost are determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on
            discounted cash flow analysis.

            The Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at
            amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values. There was no transfer
            amongst 1, 2 and 3 in the current and prior years.




146     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




33. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
    Operating leases commitments
    At the end of each reporting period, the Group had commitments for future minimum lease payments under non-
    cancellable operating leases which fall due as follows:

                                                                                    December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                           2018             2017
                                                                                        US$’000          US$’000


    Within one year                                                                         111                119
    In the second to fifth year inclusive                                                   141                237
    Over five years                                                                         112                150


                                                                                            364                506


    Operating lease payments represent rentals payable by the Group for its premises. Leases are negotiated for a
    term of 1 to 14 years.

    Capital commitments
                                                                                    December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                           2018             2017
                                                                                        US$’000          US$’000


    Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of property, plant and
      equipment in the consolidated financial statements
      – contracted but not provided for                                                  61,657           188,293


    Capital expenditure in respect of capital injection to an investee                    3,643               3,826


    Other commitments existed at the end of each reporting period
    The Group has signed a service contract with a third party to provide mining services to the Group up to
    December 31, 2022. The value of the mining service of each year will vary and is dependent upon the amount of
    mining work performed.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2018    147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




34. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
      The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries are members of a state-managed retirement benefits scheme operated
      by the PRC government. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of payroll cost to the
      retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement
      benefits scheme is to make the specified contributions.

      The total cost charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of
      approximately US$4,473,000 and US$2,493,000 for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively,
      represent contributions payable to the scheme by the Group.

35. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      The table below details changes in the Group’ liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and
      non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash
      flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                                         Entrusted loan
                                                                        Borrowings              payable               Total
                                                                          US$’000              US$’000             US$’000
                                                                         (note 25)            (note 26)


      At January 1, 2018                                                1,274,933               30,608           1,305,541
      Financing cash flows                                                (29,414)                   –             (29,414)
      Exchange difference arising on translation                          (31,326)              (1,468)            (32,794)
      Unrealised foreign exchange gain, net                                (4,035)                   –              (4,035)


      At December 31, 2018                                              1,210,158               29,140           1,239,298


                                                                                        Entrusted loan
                                                                       Borrowings              payable                Total
                                                                         US$’000              US$’000              US$’000
                                                                        (note 25)            (note 26)


      At January 1, 2017                                                1,154,832               28,831           1,183,663
      Financing cash flows                                                 77,855                  614              78,469
      Exchange difference arising on translation                           37,590                1,163              38,753
      Unrealised foreign exchange loss, net                                 4,656                    –               4,656


      At December 31, 2017                                              1,274,933               30,608           1,305,541




148    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




36. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES
    Details of the Company’s subsidiaries at December 31, 2018 and 2017 are as follows:

                                  Place and date           Issued and fully                Equity interest
                                  of incorporation/        paid share capital/       attributable to the Group
    Name of subsidiaries          establishment            registered capital           as at December 31,        Principal activities
                                                                                            2018           2017


    Pacific PGM Inc.              British Virgin Islands   US$100                         100%          100%      Investment holding
                                    (“BVI”)
                                    May 17, 2001


    Pacific PGM (Barbados) Inc. Barbados                   US$200,000                     100%          100%      Investment holding
                                  September 6, 2007


    IMP                           PRC                      US$45,000,000                 96.5%          96.5%     Engaged in exploration
                                    April 29, 2002                                                                  and development of
                                                                                                                    mining properties
                                                                                                                    in China


    Skyland Mining Limited        Barbados                 US$233,380,700                 100%          100%      Investment holding
                                    October 6, 2004         plus RMB1,510,549,032


    Jia Ertong(1)                 PRC                      US$273,920,000                 100%          100%      Exploration,
                                    October 31, 2003                                                                development and
                                                                                                                    mining of mineral
                                                                                                                    properties and
                                                                                                                    investment holding


    Huatailong(1)                 PRC                      RMB1,760,000,000               100%          100%      Exploration,
                                    January 11, 2007                                                                development and
                                                                                                                    mining of mineral
                                                                                                                    properties


    Jiama Industry and Trade(1)   PRC                      RMB5,000,000                    51%            51%     Mining logistics and
                                    December 1, 2011                                                                transport business



    Skyland (BVI)                 BVI                      US$1                           100%          100%      Issue of bonds
                                    October 26, 2012

    (1)    Domestic limited liability company.




    None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year except for Skyland (BVI) has
    US$500 million of listed bonds as at December 31, 2018 and 2017.


                                                                                                      Annual Report 2018            149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




37. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                        December 31,   December 31,
                                                               2018           2017
                                                            US$’000        US$’000

      Current assets
      Cash and cash equivalents                               6,758           4,360
      Other receivables                                          48              14
      Prepaid expenses and deposits                             223             234
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                               –           7,252


                                                              7,029          11,860


      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                              31             53
      Loan receivables from subsidiaries                     62,220         59,585
      Equity instruments at FVTOCI                           17,655              –
      Available-for-sale investment                               –         19,680
      Investments in subsidiaries                           987,016        987,016
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                          53,988         54,236


                                                          1,120,910       1,120,570


      Total assets                                        1,127,939       1,132,430


      Current liability
      Other payable and accrued expenses                      4,385           4,011


      Non-current liability
      Deferred income                                            19              19


      Total liabilities                                       4,404           4,030


      Net current assets                                      2,644           7,849


      Total assets less current liabilities               1,123,554       1,128,419


      Owners’ equity
      Share capital (note 29)                             1,229,061       1,229,061
      Reserves (note 38)                                        440          11,016
      Deficits (note 38)                                   (105,966)       (111,677)


      Total owners’ equity                                1,123,535       1,128,400


      Total liabilities and owners’ equity                1,127,939       1,132,430




150     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018




38. RESERVES AND DEFICITS OF THE COMPANY
                                                                               Accumulated
                                                                Reserves            losses              Total
                                                                US$’000           US$’000            US$’000


    At January 1, 2017                                             4,073          (102,859)          (98,786)


    Loss for the year                                                  –            (8,818)             (8,818)
    Fair value gain on available-for-sale investment               6,943                 –               6,943


    Total comprehensive loss for the year                          6,943            (8,818)             (1,875)


    At December 31, 2017                                          11,016          (111,677)         (100,661)
    Impact of adopting IFRS 9 on January 1, 2018 (note 2)         (8,551)            8,551                 –


    At January 1, 2018 (restated)                                  2,465          (103,126)         (100,661)


    Loss for the year                                                  –            (2,840)             (2,840)
    Fair value loss on equity instruments at FVTOCI               (2,025)                –              (2,025)


    Total comprehensive loss for the year                         (2,025)           (2,840)             (4,865)


    At December 31, 2018                                             440          (105,966)         (105,526)


39. COMPARATIVE FIGURES
    Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform with the current year’s presentation of the
    consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                   Annual Report 2018     151
FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

The consolidated results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from the
audited financial statements are as follows:

                                                                Year ended December 31
                                         2018               2017              2016             2015               2014
                                       US$’000            US$’000          US$’000           US$’000            US$’000


RESULTS
Revenue                                570,570            411,881           338,601           339,949           277,783


(Loss) profit attributable to
  owners of the Company                  (4,837)           63,146           (13,304)           (8,188)           39,729

                                                                      At December 31
                                         2018               2017               2016            2015               2014
                                       US$’000            US$’000            US$’000         US$’000            US$’000


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Total assets                         3,215,895           3,230,444         2,966,619        2,780,593         3,013,494
Total liabilities                   (1,726,657)         (1,720,460)       (1,546,430)      (1,333,339)       (1,548,336)


Total net assets                     1,489,238          1,509,984         1,420,189         1,447,254         1,465,158


Equity attributable to owners
  of the Company                     1,474,433          1,495,336         1,406,457         1,434,227         1,452,993
Non-controlling interests               14,805             14,648            13,732            13,027            12,165


Total owners’ equity                 1,489,238          1,509,984         1,420,189         1,447,254         1,465,158




152     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                     2018
                     ANNUAL REPORT




2018 Annual Report
                                     (Incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)
                                     HK Stock Exchange Stock Code: 2099
                                     Toronto Stock Exchange Stock Code: CGG
