                     (Incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)
                     HK Stock Exchange Stock Code: 2099
                     Toronto Stock Exchange Stock Code: CGG




                                                                                         2020
                                                                                         Annual Report




2020 Annual Report
                                                       COMPANY HIGHLIGHTS



THE COMPANY
Overview
China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. (“China Gold International” or “The Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) is a gold and base metal mining
company incorporated in Vancouver, Canada. The Company’s main business involves the
operation, acquisition, development and exploration of gold and base metal mineral properties.
The Company’s principal mining operation’s are the Chang Shan Hao Gold Mine (“CSH Gold
Mine” or “CSH Mine” or “CSH”), located in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, China and the
Jiama Copper-Gold Polymetallic Mine (“Jiama Mine” or “Jiama”), located in Tibet Autonomous
Region, China. China Gold International holds a 96.5% interest in the CSH Gold Mine, while
its Chinese joint venture (“CJV”) partner holds the remaining 3.5% interest. China Gold
International began its trial gold production at the CSH Gold Mine in July 2007 and commercial
production commenced on July 1, 2008. The Company acquired 100% interest in the Jiama
Mine on December 1, 2010. Jiama hosts a large scale copper-gold polymetallic deposit
consisting of copper, gold, molybdenum, silver, lead and zinc. The Jiama Mine commenced
the commercial production of phase I and phase II in September 2010 and September 2017
respectively.

The Company is working to expand resources and reserves at its existing properties through
exploration programs. The Company also has adopted a growth strategy focused on strategic
acquisitions sourced from the international project pipeline of its principal shareholder China
National Gold Group Co., Ltd. (formerly known as China National Gold Group Corporation) (“China
National Gold”) and developing potential partnerships with other senior and junior mining
companies.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020       1
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO




Dear shareholders and friends,

2020 was a year full of challenges for China Gold International Resources, and it was also a year for the Company to
actively respond to such challenges and win victories. Despite the complex and changeable market environment, the
impact of the Covid-19 pandemic, and the uncertainty with sharp downturn of global economy, the management team
and all employees worked hard to overcome difficulties, and seized the opportunity of relatively high gold and copper
prices. We achieved great success by means of improved operational excellence, continuous cost control and risk
prevention, resulting in the best annual performance of the Company in its history. The Company produced an all time
record high total of 240,848 ounces of gold and 180.9 million pounds (82,059 tonnes) of copper throughout the year
which greatly exceeded the original production guidance. A net profit of USD114 million was realized, turning previous
losses into a substantial profit. The Company was also successful in completing a USD300 million three-year fixed-rate
bond offering during the year to achieve an additional advantage of low-cost financing.

While achieving good operational results, we have always upheld advanced health, safety and environmental protection
standards in the industry, and improved safety intrinsically through technological innovation. In 2020, some new
technologies such as underground 3D software design and remote control of unmanned transportation of Jiama
Mine was put into operation, as a result the Company’s innovation and digitalization reach a new level. The Company
practices the concept of sustainable development and win-win cooperation consistently with a focus on our social
responsibility. In 2020, Jiama Industry and Trade has achieved continuous dividends for eleven consecutive years.
CSH Mine has improved livelihood of local people by drinking water projects and through donations and construction of
hospitals. The communities in which they are located and related parties can benefit from our development.

In 2021, the Company will strive to continue to set new milestones in operational optimization, cost control, exploration
and technological innovation with commitment to creating greater value for shareholders. We will continue to work
closely with our controlling shareholder China National Gold with its great support in management, technology,
financing, mergers and acquisitions to us to tap internal potential and seek external opportunities, and improve the
quality of development. I believe the Company, which is in a period of important historical opportunities, will definitely
make a difference, and a prosperous future can be expected!

Thank you for your continued interest and support.



2      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Liangyou Jiang
Mr. Jiang, age 55, was appointed as Chairman of the Board on March 29, 2020 concurrently as serving as Chief
Executive Officer of the Company since November 2018. Mr Jiang has served as an Executive Director since October
2014 to present. Mr. Jiang was appointed as Vice President of China National Gold since July 2018. He was appointed
as Director and Executive Vice President of China National Gold Group Hong Kong Ltd. (“China Gold Hong Kong” or
“CNGHK”) from October 2018 to present. Mr. Jiang was elected as Senior Executive Vice President of the Company
from August 2014 to November 2018. He has served as a manager of Oversea Operation Department of China National
Gold from December 2015 to July 2018. Mr. Jiang joined the Company in August 2010 as the General Manager of
Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co., Ltd. (“Tibet Huatailong”), and served as Chairman of Tibet Huatailong from
February 2012 to August 2014.

Mr. Jiang has served as Director of Guizhou Jinfeng Mining Limited from August 2016 to August 2018. He has also
served as Chairman of Zhongji Mining and General Manager of China Gold Hong Kong Buchuk Mining Company Limited
(“Buchuk”) from May 2015 to December 2020. Mr. Jiang has served as Chairman and Executive Director of Buchuk
from October 2017 to December 2020. Mr Jiang has served as Chairman of Soremi Investments Limited from January
2018 to present. Mr. Jiang has served as Chairman of Kichi Chaarat Closed Joint Stock Company from January 2018 to
December 2020.

Mr. Jiang has served as a Director of Tibet Jia Ertong Mining Development Co., Ltd. (“Tibet Jia Ertong”) and Executive
Director of Skyland Mining Limited (“Skyland”) from August 2014 to December 2020. He has served as Director of
Mundoro Mining Inc (“Mundoro”) from August 2014 to September 2020. He has served as Director of China Gold Hong
Kong Holding Corp. Limited (“China Gold Hong Kong Holding”) from January 2015 to December 2020.

From January 2008 to August 2010, he has served as manager of Investment Management Department of China
National Gold. Prior to joining China National Gold’s headquarters, Mr. Jiang served as a General Manager of China
Kazakhstan Mining Co., Limited, a subsidiary of China National Gold from September 2006 to October 2007. From
August 1987 to March 2005, Mr. Jiang worked at Changchun Gold Design Institute Co., Ltd. (the “Design Institute”).
He was appointed as the Chief Engineer of the Design Institute in February 2000 and then as Vice President and
Chief Engineer of the Design Institute since April 2002. Mr. Jiang won more than 20 provincial-level scientific and
technological achievement awards and numerous honorary titles from various agencies. In 2005, Mr. Jiang was awarded
the special allowance by the State Council.

Mr. Jiang is a Senior Professional Engineer, holds a Bachelor’s Degree in mineral processing from Northeastern
University in China.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2020       3
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Shiliang Guan
Mr. Guan, age 53, was appointed as the Vice President of the Company in September 2016 and elected as an Executive
Director in June 2019. Mr Guan was appointed as Chairman of Tibet Jia Ertong and a Director of Skyland Mining Ltd.
since June 2019. He has served as Chairman of Tibet Huatailong since November 2015 up to present.

Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Guan served as Deputy Manager of the Production Management Department of China
National Gold from 2011 to 2014. He was Chairman of the Board of Inner Mongolia Baotou Xinda Gold Mining Co., Ltd
from February 2014 to November 2015, where he was responsible for the overall production and operations. Prior to
2011, Mr. Guan held senior positions at Jilin Haigou Mining Company, Shaanxi Dongtongyu Gold Mine of Zhongjin Gold
Co., Ltd, Tongguan Zhongjin Gold Mining Co., Ltd, Songxian Jinniu Co., Ltd. and Jin Ding Mining Co. Ltd.

Mr. Guan is a senior professional mining engineer and has over 26 years of experience in the mining industry. Mr.
Guan holds a bachelor’s degree in Mining Engineering from Northeastern University in China.

Weibin Zhang
Mr. Zhang, age 57, joined Inner Mongolia Pacific Mining Co., Limited (“Inner Mongolia Pacific”) in March 2018 as
Chairman and General Manager. From October 2017 to March 2018, he served as Executive Director and General
Manager of Changchun Gold Design Institute Co., Ltd.. From March 2014 to October 2017, Mr. Zhang served as the
Principle of Changchun Gold Design Institute Co., Ltd. (“Design Institute”). From March 2011 to March 2014, he served
as Vice President of China National Gold Engineering Corporation.

Starting in 1985 through March 2014, Mr. Zhang held numerous senior executive roles at the Changchun Gold Design
Institute Co., Ltd. and Yunnan Gold LLC.

Mr. Zhang is a senior professional mining engineer and has over 36 years of experience in the mining industry.

Mr. Zhang holds a college diploma in Mining Engineering from Shenyang Gold College.

Na Tian
Ms. Tian, age 40, has been currently promoted as Deputy General Manager of Audit and Legal Compliance Department
of China National Gold since February 2021. She joined CNGHK as Legal Deputy Manager of General Administration
Office in September 2018. Since February 2012, Ms. Tian has worked in the Division of Corporate Secretary Affairs of
the Company and was promoted to Deputy Director in September 2017. In July 2017, she was appointed as a director
of Skyland Mining (BVI) Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. From July 2008 to May 2011, Ms. Tian
was an auditor at Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP. In 2008, Ms. Tian passed PRC national judicial examination and
obtained the Legal Professional Qualification.

Ms. Tian holds a master’s degree in Law from Peking University Law School. She also holds double bachelor’s degrees
and majored in law and business English from Guangdong University of Foreign Studies.




4      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Non-Executive Director
Junhu Tong
Mr. Tong, age 58, is elected as Non-Executive Director of the Company since June 2020. He joined CNGHK in October
2018 as Vice President. From July 2009 through October 2018, Mr. Tong served in numerous senior executive roles
with China National Gold.

Mr. Tong has had a long career in the mining industry spanning over 30 years, with extensive senior executive and
board experience. Mr. Tong currently served as Chairman of Closed Joint-Stock Company Rudnik (“Zapadnava-Kluchi”)
from October 2018 to present.

Mr. Tong has been a Fellow authorized by Australasian Institute of Mining &Metallurgy since December 2013 up to
present. Mr. Tong holds a master’s degree in Mining Engineering from Beijing Science and Technology University and a
bachelor’s degree in Mining Engineer from Chongqing University.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Yingbin Ian He
Mr. He, age 59, joined the Company as an Independent Non-Executive Director in May 2000. He is appointed as
Chairman of the Audit Committee since October 2009 and as Lead Independent Non-Executive Director since November
2018. Mr. He has over 30 years of experience in mining industry, with career covering research, engineering consulting,
management of mining operations, merger and acquisition, and management of public companies. Mr. He serves
as Managing Director of Lacnord Capital Corp, a venture capital company and Chairman of Vatukoula Gold Mines,
a company with gold mining operation in Fiji. From 1995 to 2006, Mr. He served as President and Director of Spur
Ventures Inc. a company listed on the TSX Venture Exchange with phosphate mining and phosphate fertilizer production
in China. Mr. He also serves on the boards of several public companies, including SouthGobi Resources Ltd. a coal
mining company dual listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and PT Bumi Resources
Tbk, a mining company listed on Indonesian Stock Exchange.

Mr. He holds a Ph.D. degree in mineral process engineering and a Master of Applied Science degree in mineral process
engineering both from the University of British Columbia, and a Bachelor of Engineering degree in coal preparation and
utilization technology from the Heilongjiang Institute of Mining and Technology (now Heilongjiang University of Science
and Technology) in China.

Wei Shao
Mr. Shao, age 66, is elected as Independent Non-Executive Director as well as Chairman of the Nominating & Corporate
Governance Committee since June 2019. He is a partner and the National China Service Co-Leader at Dentons Canada
LLP and specializes in international business transactions focusing on China. Mr. Shao has over 27 years of extensive
experience in mergers and acquisitions, corporate and project financing, cross-border counseling and general corporate
and commercial transactions. Mr. Shao is actively involved in community and non-profit organizations. Prior to his
legal career, Mr. Shao worked for the United Nations in New York. Mr. Shao is an interpreter accredited by the United
Nationals and by the federal government of Canada.

Mr. Shao holds an LLB from the University of Toronto, BA from Xi’an Foreign Languages Institute and U.N Accreditation
of Simultaneous Interpretation from the Beijing University of Foreign Studies.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2020       5
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Bielin Shi
Dr. Shi, age 64, is elected as Independent Non-Executive Director as well as Chairman of the Health, Safety and
Environmental Committee since June 2019. He is a leading mining executive and geologist who specialises in
investment management, mining geology, geostatistics, resource estimation and optimisation, exploration and project
development. Dr. Shi has over 30 years’ experience as a geologist with high level experience in investment management,
applied geostatistics, resource estimation and mining geology, and worldwide operational expertise in exploration and
mine projects. He also has expertise with independent technical reviews, due diligence audits and expert technical
reporting in compliance with the JORC Code, NI43-101 and Hong Kong Stock Exchange standards.

Dr. Shi is a Competent Person under the JORC Code and holds equivalent credentials in respect of Canadian and Hong
Kong’s Mineral Resources/Reserves reporting standards. Dr. Shi has published numerous papers on the application of
geostatistics in resource estimation.

Dr. Shi’s recent work has included investment management, audit and reviews of resources for multiple commodity
projects.

Dr. Shi is a Post-Doctoral Research Fellow in Geostatistics from Edith Cowan University, Western Australia. He obtained
his PhD in Geology from The University of Melbourne, Australia and Master of Science in Geology from Guizhou
University of Technology, China.

Ruixia Han
Ms. Han, age 37, is elected as Independent Non-Executive Director as well as Chairwoman of the Compensation and
Benefit Committee since June 2019. She is currently Deputy CEO and Executive Director of Mason Group Holdings
Limited (HKEX Stock Code: 273) since 16 April 2020. From 2014 to March 2020. She was Head of Operations and
Risk of MEC Advisory Limited, which was the sole Investment Advisor to Can-China Global Resource Fund. Ms. Han’s
role in MEC Advisory Limited covers investment, accounting, finance treasury and investor relationships related matters.
Prior to joining MEC Advisory Limited in 2014, Ms. Han was an Investment Manager at The Export-Import Bank of
China responsible for sourcing, evaluating and negotiating investment opportunities in the banking and direct investment
industry.

Ms. Han has obtained her PhD’s degree of Economics (Finance), Master’s degree in Applied Economics (Venture
Capital) and Bachelor’s degree of Economics (Finance) from Renmin University of China.




6      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Jerry Xie
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CORPORATE SECRETARY
Mr. Xie, age 60, joined the Company in March 2009 and serves as Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary.
Mr. Xie is responsible for overseeing corporate secretarial matters and managing compliance and plays an important
role in business development, project evaluation, investor relations as well as public relations. Mr. Xie served as
Vice President and Secretary to the Board of the Company from March 2009 to October 2009 at which time he was
promoted to Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary. After joining the Company, Mr. Xie was involved in the
Company’s HK IPO process, evaluation of the Company’s Jiama polymetallic mineral property located in Tibet, China
(the “Jiama Mine”), merger and acquisitions and bond issuance, as further described below. Mr. Xie has over 30
years of experience of Engineering and Project Management in the petro-chemical and oil-sand industry and mining
industry. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Xie worked as Project Manager, Project Engineer and a Senior Piping Stress
Analyst for LPEC/SINOPEC, Fluor, Bantrel, Tri-Ocean and WorleyParsons Canada Ltd., resource and energy engineering
companies in China and Canada, from February 1982 to March 2009.

Mr. Xie holds a Master’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Calgary in Canada, a Master’s
Degree in Mining Engineering from the Beijing University of Science & Technology and a diploma from the Mechanical
Department of Shanghai Institute of Chemical Industry.

Yuehe Lu
INTERIM CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Ms. Lu, aged 36, joined the Company in August 2011 and is responsible for corporate financial management. She was
promoted to Interim Chief Financial Officer in October 2020. Ms. Lu has participated in major financing activities of
the Company, including the issuance of U.S. dollar-denominated bonds. Ms. Lu has extensive experience in financial
reporting, internal control and corporate financing.

Ms. Lu holds a Senior Accountant qualification in China, and is a Certified Internal Auditor (CIA) and a member
of China Institute of Internal Audit (CIIA). Ms. Lu holds a Master’s Degree in Business Administration (MBA) from
School of Economics and Management, Tsinghua University, and a Bachelor’s Degree in Management (International
Accounting) from School of Economics and Management, Beijing Forestry University.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2020       7
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Gerard Guo
CHIEF ENGINEER
Mr. Guo, age 57, was appointed as Chief Engineer of the Company on November 13, 2018. Mr. Guo is a professional
engineer with Professional Engineers of Ontario, Canada and has over 37 years’ experience in engineering studies,
mine engineering and mine operations. He had served as a senior mining engineer and director of technical services
for the Company since 2014. Previously Mr. Guo held senior mining engineer positions with global mining engineering
consulting firms, working on a variety of projects for a wide range of clients, including some of the world’s largest
mining companies. He also held the position of Deputy Principle with the Mine and Gold Branch, Changsha Engineering
and Research Institute of Nonferrous Metallurgy, leading design and consultancy of key national and provincial/ministry
projects in China. In addition, he also assumed responsibilities of leading China’s strategic planning initiatives for
development at new and existing nonferrous metals mines and smelters. Mr. Guo has been serving as the Company’s
internal qualified person for purposes of National Instrument 43-101 of the Canadian Securities Administrators since
May 2018. Areas of expertise include mine planning, feasibility studies, cost estimation, economic evaluations, risk
analysis and due diligence.

Mr. Guo holds a Master’s Degree in Natural Resources Engineering from Laurentian University, Sudbury, Ontario,
Canada and a Bachelor’s Degree in Mining Engineering from Baotou Institute of Iron & Steel Technology (Presently
Inner Mongolia University of Science & Technology) of the Ministry of Metallurgy Industry, China. He is trilingual (English,
French and Chinese).




8      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT



The Directors are pleased to present this report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for
the year ended December 31, 2020 (the “Reporting Period”).

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW
The Company is a gold and base metal mining company incorporated under the laws of British Columbia, Canada.
The Company’s main business involves the operation, acquisition, development and exploration of gold and base metal
properties. The principal activities of the subsidiaries are set out in Note 39 of the Financial Statements. There were no
significant changes in the nature of the Company’s principal activities during the year.

Further discussion and analysis of the business review as required by Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, including a fair view of the business and a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the
Company, particulars of important events affecting the Company that have occurred since the end of the financial
year 2020, an indication of likely future development in the Company’s business, the Company and all its subsidiaries
(the “Group”) environmental policies and performance, compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a
significant impact on the Company, outlook of the Company’s business, and an account of the Company’s relationships
with its key stakeholders can be found in the “Five-Year Financial Summary”, “Message From the Chairman and CEO”,
“Management Discussion and Analysis” and “Corporate Government Report” sections of this annual report.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movement in the share capital of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 31 of the
Financial Statements.

RESERVES
Details of the reserves available for distribution to the shareholders as at December 31, 2020 are set out in Note 41 of
the Financial Statements.

RESULTS
The results of the Group as at December 31, 2020 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income on page 70.

DIVIDEND
In Connection with the financial results for the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company has declared a special
dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2020 of US$ 0.12 per common share, in an aggregate amount of
US$ 47,570,000, payable on May 30, 2021 to shareholders of record as of April 20, 2021. The Board of Directors will
determine any future dividends and dividend policy on the basis of earnings, financial requirements and other relevant
factors.

DIRECTORS
The directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report are as follows:




                                                                                              Annual Report 2020        9
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Executive Directors
Liangyou Jiang
Shiliang Guan
Weibin Zhang
Na Tian

Non-Executive Director
Junhu Tong

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Yingbin Ian He
Wei Shao
Bielin Shi
Ruixia Han

In accordance with article 14.1 of the Company’s articles (the “Articles”), each of the Directors shall retire at the 2021
annual and special meeting of the Company (the “2021 AGM”) and, being eligible, shall offer themselves to be re-
elected at the 2021 AGM.

THE BIOGRAPHY OF THE DIRECTORS AND THE SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Company are set out in the Directors and
senior management’s profile from page 3 to page 8 of this annual report.

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTOR PURSUANT TO RULE 13.51B(1) OF THE
HONG KONG LISTING RULES
Save as disclosed in this annual report, there are no other changes to the Directors’ information as required to be
disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on Hong Kong Stock Exchange (the
“Listing Rules”).

INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Board has received from each of the Independent Non-Executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and considers that all of the Independent Non-Executive
Directors are independent.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
None of the Directors elected at the 2020 AGM have a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries
which is not determinable by the employing company within one year without payment of compensation, other than
statutory compensation.




10     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT




PERMITTED INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE
Pursuant to the Articles of the Company and subject to the provisions of the Business Corporations Act (British
Columbia) (the “Business Corporations Act”), every Director or alternate director of the Company or its affiliates (and his
or her heirs and legal personal representatives) shall be indemnified by the Company against any judgment, penalty or
fine awarded or imposed in, or an amount paid in settlement of, a legal proceeding or investigative action where such
person is liable by reason of him/her having been a director or alternate director of the Company and the Company
must, after the final disposition of such proceeding, pay the expenses actually and reasonably incurred by such person.
The Company has taken out insurance policies against the liabilities of the Directors that may arise out of corporate
activities and the costs associated with defending any proceeding. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual
basis. During the Reporting Period, no claims were made against the Directors.

DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Mr. Liangyou Jiang, Mr. Shiliang Guan, Mr. Weibin Zhang, Ms. Na Tian and Mr. Junhu Tong are considered to have
conflicts of interest in the transactions as set out in the section headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing
Connected Transactions” in this report due to their senior management positions or affiliate roles with China National
Gold, the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected
Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions” in this report, no transactions, arrangement or contracts of
significance in relation to the business of the Group to which the Company, any of its subsidiaries or the controlling
shareholder of the Company was a party and in which a Director or any of his connected entity had a material interest,
whether directly or indirectly, subsisted as at December 31, 2020 or at any time during the Reporting Period.

CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
Save as disclosed under the section headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions” in this
report, no other material contract (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) was entered into
by a member of the Group, the controlling shareholder or its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESSES
To the best knowledge of the Directors, during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, save for the
directorships and management roles of our Directors in other mining companies, none of our Directors had any interests
in businesses that compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the Company. Please refer to the
biographies of our Directors set out under the section headed “Board of Directors and Senior Management” of this
report for details of such circumstances.

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS IN SHARES
As at December 31, 2020, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”)) which were required to
be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
(including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or
as recorded in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to
the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules were as follows:




                                                                                               Annual Report 2020      11
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




SHARES
Long Position in Shares
                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                            percentage
                                                                           Number of    Nature of         of interest in
Name                    Position              Company                     shares held   interest          the Company

Yingbin Ian He          Independent Non- China Gold International            150,000    Personal             0.0378%
                          Executive Director Resources Corp. Ltd.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
China National Gold is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company currently holding approximately 40.01%
of the issued shares of the Company and is therefore a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules.
As a result, the transactions entered into between China National Gold and the Controlled Entities as described in this
section below, constitute non-exempt continuing connected transactions or partially exempt connected transactions of
the Company as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

In addition, Tibet Huatailong, Inner Mongolia Pacific, China National Gold Group Finance Company Limited (“China
Gold Finance”), and China Gold Hong Kong (together the “Controlled Entities”) are ultimately controlled by China
National Gold and are therefore connected persons of the Company by virtue of Rule 14A.07 of the Listing Rules.

Non-Exempt Continuing Connected Transactions
Product and Service Framework Agreement
On April 26, 2013, the Company entered into a Product and Service Framework Agreement (as subsequently amended,
the “Product and Service Framework Agreement”) with China National Gold for the provision of mining related services
and products to the Company in order to facilitate the Group’s operations in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”)
for three years until June 18, 2016.

The Company entered into a First Supplemental Product and Service Framework Agreement (the “First Supplemental
Product and Service Framework Agreement”) on May 29, 2015 to extend the expiry date of the Product and Service
Framework Agreement to December 31, 2017 and included the sale and purchase of copper concentrates produced
at the Jiama Mine between the Group and China National Gold into the product and service scope of the Product and
Service Framework Agreement, which were approved by the independent shareholders of the Company on June 30,
2015. Details of the First Supplemental Product and Services Framework Agreement are as stated in the Company’s
announcement dated June 3, 2015, circular dated May 29, 2015 and poll results announcement dated July 1, 2015.

The Company entered into a Second Supplemental Product and Services Framework Agreement (the “Second
Supplemental Product and Services Framework Agreement”) on May 26, 2017 to extend the term to December 31,
2020 and to extend the scope of the First Supplemental Product and Service Framework Agreement to include leasing
services to be provided by Zhongxin International Financial Leasing (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd., the shares of which are 80%
owned by China National Gold.




12     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT




On May 6, 2020, the Company and China National Gold entered into the Third Supplemental Products and Services
Framework Agreement (the “Third Supplemental Product and Services Framework Agreement”) to extend the term of
the Products and Services Framework Agreement to December 31, 2023. Details of the Third Supplemental Product
and Services Framework Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated May 7, 2020, circular dated
May 26, 2020 and poll results announcement dated June 17, 2020.

For the Reporting Period, the transaction amounts under the Product and Service Framework Agreement, as amended
were approximately RMB1,267 million where the relevant annual monetary cap was RMB11,400 million.

Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré
On May 7, 2014, Inner Mongolia Pacific entered into a Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré (as subsequently
amended, the “Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré”) with China National Gold for the sale and purchase of gold
doré bars and silver by-products produced at the CSH Gold Mine from time to time for three years ending December
31, 2015, December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2017. Details of the Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré
are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated May 7, 2014, circular dated May 15, 2014 and poll results
announcement dated June 20, 2014.

On May 26, 2017 Inner Mongolia Pacific and China National Gold entered into the Supplemental Contract for Purchase
and Sale of Doré (the “Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré”) for a term commencing on January
1, 2018 and expiring on December 31, 2020. Details of the Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré
are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated May 26, 2017, circular dated May 31, 2017 and poll results
announcement dated June 30, 2017.

On 28 March 2018, Inner Mongolia Pacific entered into the Second Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of
Doré with China National Gold, to make certain immaterial and non-consequential amendments to the purchase terms
of gold doré pursuant to which both parties agreed to amend the reference price for gold doré from “the real-time
price of Au9995 gold ingot at Shanghai Gold Exchange on the notification date less RMB0.95 per gram” to the monthly
average price of the AU(T+D) contract on the Shanghai Gold Exchange less RMB1.50 per gram”.

On May 6, 2020 Inner Mongolia Pacific and China National Gold entered into the Third Supplemental Contract for
Purchase and Sale of Doré for a three-year term commencing January 1, 2021 and expiring on December 31, 2023.
Details of the Third Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré are as stated in the Company’s announcement
dated May 7 2020, circular dated May 26, 2020 and poll results announcement dated June 17, 2020.

For the Reporting Period, the transaction amounts under the Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré, as amended, were
approximately RMB1,794 million where the relevant annual monetary cap was RMB2,700 million.

Partially Exempt Connected Transactions
Deposit Services Agreement
On December 18, 2017, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a deposit services agreement pursuant
to which the Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, make withdrawals and deposits with China Gold
Finance up to a daily maximum deposit balance (including interest) not exceeding RMB100,000,000, for a term of one
year commencing on January 1, 2018 (the “Deposit Services Agreement”). Deposit interest rates payable by China Gold
Finance to the Group for any deposits shall be, at a minimum, 20% higher than the benchmark interest rate published
by The People ‘s Bank of China for the same period and for the same type of deposit. Details of the Deposit Services
Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated December 19, 2017.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2020      13
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




On December 18, 2018, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement
(the “Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement”) to extend the term for a further year to December 31, 2019. Details
of the Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated December 20,
2018.

On December 31, 2019, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement
(the “Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement”) to extend the term for a further year to December 31, 2020. Details
of the Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated December 31,
2019.

On December 22, 2020, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a 2021 Supplemental Deposit Services
Agreement (the “2021 Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement”) to extend the term for a further year to December
31, 2021. Details of the Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated
December 23, 2020.

Daily maximum deposit monetary caps for the transactions stipulated under the Deposit Services Agreement (as
amended) pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (including accumulative settlement interest) shall not exceed
RMB100,000,000 for 2020, increasing to RMB180,000,000 in the 2021 Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement.
There have not been any deposits exceeding the daily maximum monetary cap for the Reporting Period.

Annual Review
The Company’s auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected
transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance
Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note
740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor’s letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect
of the continuing connected transactions disclosed above by the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing
Rules has been provided to the Directors, and was confirmed in respect of the above matter. A copy of the auditor’s
letter has been provided by the Company to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Auditor has confirmed to the Board
that nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the above continuing connected transactions
for the year ended December 31, 2020: (a) have not been approved by the Board; (b) the transactions were not, in all
material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Company; (c) the transactions were not entered into, in
all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing the transactions; and (d) have exceeded the
respective maximum aggregate annual caps as disclosed in the previous announcements of the Company.

In accordance with Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors have reviewed and
confirmed that the continuing connected transactions carried out under (i) the second supplemental Product and
Services Framework Agreement, (ii) the supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré (as amended), and (iii)
the supplemental Deposit Services Agreement have each been entered into: (a) in the ordinary and usual course of the
Company’s business; (b) on normal commercial terms or better; and (c) in accordance with the relevant agreements
governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a
whole.

The Independent Non-Executive Directors also confirmed in their review of the continuing connected transactions that
all such transactions were carried out in accordance with the pricing policies of the Company and processes set out in
the respective agreements for such transactions.




14     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Related Party Transactions
Details of the related party transactions undertaken during the Reporting Period set out in Note 32 of the Financial
Statements. All the related party transactions constituted connected transactions and/or continuing connected
transactions of the Company as defined in the Listing Rules. The Company had complied with the relevant requirements
under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period.

SKYLAND BONDS
On June 16, 2020, the Company, Skyland Mining, Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited, China International Capital
Corporation Hong Kong Securities Limited, China Construction Bank (Asia) Corporation Limited, Citigroup Global
Markets Limited, Guotai Junan Securities (Hong Kong) Limited, Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd., Hong
Kong Branch, Silk Road International Capital Limited and Standard Chartered Bank (the “Joint Bookrunners” and “Joint
Lead Managers”) entered into a subscription agreement (the “Subscription Agreement”) pursuant to which Skyland
Mining agreed to issue to the Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Managers, and the Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead
Managers agreed severally and not jointly, to subscribe for bonds in an aggregate principal amount of US$300 million at
an issue price of 99.886% (the “Bonds”) bearing interest at the rate of 2.80% with a maturity date of June 23, 2023,
rated BBB- by Standard & Poor’s. The Bonds were unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Company. The
net proceeds were used for repaying existing indebtedness and general corporate purposes of the Company.

On June 23, 2020, all the conditions to the issue of the Bonds as set out in the Subscription Agreement were satisfied
and the issue of the Bonds was closed. The Bonds were listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and the
Chongwa (Macao) Financial Asset Exchange Co., Limited on 24 June 2020.

Details of the Subscription Agreement are stated in the Company’s announcements dated June 16, 2020 and June 23,
2020.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company has not entered into any equity-linked agreement (as defined
in section 6 of the Companies (Directors’ Report) Regulation (Chapter 622D of the Laws of Hong Kong)).

NUMBER AND REMUNERATION OF EMPLOYEES
As at December 31, 2020, the Company had 2,082 employees working at various locations. During the Reporting
Period, staff cost (including Directors’ remuneration in the form of salaries and other benefits) was approximately
US$59,888,000 as compared to the staff costs of US$55,939,000 in 2019.

EMOLUMENT POLICY
The Company’s director emolument policy is administered by the Compensation and Benefits Committee with regard to
comparable market statistics. Decisions relating to the compensation of directors are reported by the Compensation and
Benefits Committee to the Board for approval.

The emolument policy for the Company’s employees is determined on a department by department basis with the Chief
Executive Officer determining the emoluments for employees and managers based on merit, qualifications and the
Company’s hiring and retention needs.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


                                                                                            Annual Report 2020     15
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIRECTORS’ RIGHT TO PURCHASE SHARES
Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests in Shares” above, at no
time during the Reporting Period, were there any rights to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in or
debentures of Company or any of its subsidiaries or its holding companies or any of the subsidiaries of the Company’s
holding companies granted to any director or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any
such rights exercised by them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the
directors to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
As at December 31, 2020, based on the information available to the Board and the register of substantial shareholders
required to be kept under section 336 of Part XV of the SFO, the Company was notified of the following substantial
shareholders’ interests and short positions, being 5% or more of the Company’s issued share capital. These interests
are in addition to those disclosed above in respect of the Directors and chief executive:

Long Position in Shares of the Company
                                                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                             Number of            percentage of
Name                                                                       Nature of interest               Shares held      outstanding shares

China National Gold Group Co., Ltd.(1)                                     Indirect                       158,588,330 (2)                 40.01%
China National Gold Group Hong Kong Limited                                Registered Owner               158,588,330                     40.01%


Notes:
(1)      China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. directly and wholly owns China National Gold Group Hong Kong Limited and therefore the interest
         attributable to China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. represents its indirect interest in the Company’s shares through its equity interest in
         China National Gold Group Hong Kong Limited.
(2)      Information relating to registered and indirect ownership of the Company’s shares were provided by China National Gold Group Co., Ltd.



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold and redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities.




16         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or under the laws of British Columbia, Canada which
would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the date of this
report, the Company has complied with the sufficiency of public float requirement under the Listing Rules.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The percentage of purchases and sales for the Reporting Period attributable to the Company’s major suppliers and
customers are as follows:

                                                                                                      Percentage of the
                                                                                                  total purchases/sales
                                                                                                          accounted for

Purchases
  – the largest supplier                                                                                          25%
  – five largest suppliers combined                                                                               62%
Sales
  – the largest customer                                                                                          30%
  – five largest customers combined                                                                               89%


Sales to the largest customer of the Company account for 30% of the Company’s sales and relate to the sale of gold
doré from the CSH Gold Mine pursuant to the Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré (as amended). In addition, the
five largest customers account for 89% of the Company’s sales. However, due to the fact that pricing for the Company’s
mineral products is based on prevailing market prices in accordance with the contracts with customers, the Company
does not consider there to be any risks associated with reliance on major customers. The Company considers that
its pricing structure based on prevailing metal prices mitigates against any adverse effects from concentration on five
customers.

Save as disclosed above, at no time during the Reporting Period did a director, an associate of a director or any other
shareholder (which owned more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) hold any direct or indirect interest in
the Company’s five largest suppliers or customers during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2020     17
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




CHARITABLE DONATIONS
The Company made charitable donations during the Reporting Period amounting to US$102,200.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
With the exception of the early repayment of the entrusted loan payable, as set out in note 27 of the Financial
Statements, there are no other significant events occurring after December 31, 2020 as set out in the Financial
Statements and Management’s Discussion and Analysis.

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
A resolution will be submitted at the 2021 AGM to re-appoint Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu of Hong Kong as the
Company’s auditors.




On behalf of the Board,
Liangyou Jiang
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 31, 2021




18     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Board will continue to review and, where appropriate, improve the current practices of the Company on the basis
of the experience and regulatory changes to enhance the confidence of shareholders of the Company, and to safeguard
shareholders’ interest for continued and long term success of the Company over time.

To further this philosophy and to ensure that the Company follows good governance practices the Board has taken the
following steps:

•    approved and adopted a mandate for the Board;

•    established an Audit Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and a Compensation and
     Benefits Committee;

•    established a Health, Safety and Environmental Committee;

•    approved charters for all of the Board committees to formalize the mandates of those committees;

•    established a Disclosure Committee with a mandate to oversee the Company’s disclosure practices including the
     establishment of a sub-committee charged with overseeing the Company’s technical disclosure;

•    adopted a formal Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities Trading Policy and formalized the Company’s
     disclosure controls and procedures;

•    adopted a formal Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that governs the behavior of directors, officers and
     employees and which is also distributed to consultants;

•    adopted formal written position descriptions for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, clearly
     defining their roles and responsibilities;

•    adopted a whistleblower policy administered by an independent third party;

•    formalized a process for assessing the effectiveness of the Board as a whole, the Board committees and the
     contribution of individual directors on a regular basis;

•    reviewing and approving the Company’s incentive compensation plans; and

•    providing continuing education opportunities for all directors.

COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Company has, throughout the Reporting Period, applied the principles and complied with the requirements of its
corporate governance practices as defined by the Board and all applicable statutory, regulatory and stock exchange
listings standards, in particular, the code provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”)
contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules. The Company’s current practices are reviewed and updated regularly to
ensure that the latest developments in corporate governance are followed and observed.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2020     19
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Changes in Information with respect of Directors and Executives
In accordance with Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the changes in information required to be disclosed by
directors pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of Rule 13.51 (2) of the Company are set out below:

1.   Mr. Liangyou Jiang was appointed as Chairman of the Board with effect from March 29, 2020.

2.   Mr. Yongqing Teng and Ms. Fuzhen Kang retired from the Board upon the conclusion of the annual and special
     meeting held on June 16, 2020.

3.   Mr. Weibin Zhang, Ms. Na Tian and Mr. Junhu Tong were elected as Directors at the annual and special meeting
     held on June 16, 2020.

4.   Mr. Derrick Zhang resigned as Chief Financial Officer with effect from 16 October 2020.

5.   Ms. Yuehe Lu was appointed as interim Chief Financial Officer with effect from 16 October 2020.

6.   Mr. Lisheng Zhang retired as Vice President with effect from 3 November, 2020.

BOARD COMPOSITION
Corporate governance guidelines adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators (“CSA”) recommend that a majority
of the directors of a corporation be independent directors and Rule 3.10 of the CG Code requires every Board of
Directors to include at least three Independent Non-Executive Directors and at least one-third of the Board of Directors
to comprise of Independent Non-Executive Directors. Under the CSA corporate governance guidelines, an “independent
director” is a director who has no direct or indirect material relationship with the Company, including as a partner,
shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company. A “material relationship” is one
that would, or in the view of the Board could be reasonably expected to, interfere with the exercise of a director’s
independent judgment. The CG Code includes a number of factors to take into consideration when assessing the
independence of a Non-Executive director, including the percentage of shares held by him or her in the Company and
any material interest in any principal business activity of the Group. As at December 31, 2020 and as at the date of this
report, the Board has determined that it consisted of four “independent directors” and five non-independent directors
under the CSA corporate governance guidelines. The Board believes that its current size and composition and the
composition of the Board committees, results in balanced representation.

As at the date of this report, the Company believes it has a well-balanced Board. The Board is comprised of four (4)
Executive Directors, one (1) Non-Executive Directors and four (4) Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Directors
for the year ended 31 December 2020 and up to the date of this report are as follows:

Executive Directors
Liangyou Jiang (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)(1)
Shiliang Guan (Vice President)(2)
Weibin Zhang
Na Tian




20     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Non-Executive Directors
Junhu Tong(3)

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Yingbin Ian He
Wei Shao
Bielin Shi
Ruixia Han

Notes:
(1)      Mr. Jiang is an Executive Director in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
(2)      Mr. Guan is an Executive Director in his capacity as Vice President of the Company.
(3)      Mr. Zhang is an Executive Director in his capacity as an affiliate of China National Gold which has a material relationship with the
         Company.
(4)      Ms. Tian is an Executive Director in his capacity as an affiliate of China National Gold which has a material relationship with the
         Company.
(5)      Mr. Tong is a Non-Executive Director in his capacity as an affiliate of China National Gold which has a material relationship with the
         Company.

As at the date of this report, China National Gold holds approximately 40.01% of the Company’s outstanding common
shares.

Biographical details of the Directors of the Company are set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors
and Senior Management” on pages 3 to 8 of this annual report. The Board has assessed the independence of all
the Independent Non-Executive Directors and considers each of them to be independent having regard to (i) their
annual confirmation on independence as required under the Listing Rules, (ii) the absence of involvement in the daily
management of the Company and (iii) the absence of any relationships or circumstances which would interfere with the
exercise of their independent judgement.

The Directors are satisfied that the size and composition of the Board results in a balanced representation on the Board
among executive and non-executive directors and the Company’s controlling shareholder.

Since November 2018, Mr. Liangyou Jiang serves as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer in addition to being an
Executive Director. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for running the Company’s businesses and implementing
the Group’s strategic plans and business goals.

For the reporting period, Mr. Yingbin Ian He was appointed lead Independent Non-Executive Director as of November
2018. The role of lead Independent Non-Executive Director was created to enhance the Company’s corporate
governance practices and provides leadership to the Independent Non-Executive Directors, liaise with Chief Executive
Officer on behalf of the Independent Non-Executive Directors and advise the Board on matters where there may be
an actual or perceived conflict of interest such as Chief Executive Officer’s performance evaluation to ensure the best
possible operation of the Board.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2020          21
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




For the Reporting Period, the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-
Executive Directors, namely, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Dr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han and one Non-
Executive Director, namely, Mr. Junhu Tong. Mr. Wei Shao was appointed Chairman of the Nominating & Corporate
Governance Committee on June 25, 2019.

For the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors, namely, Mr.
Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Dr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han. Mr. Yingbin Ian He was appointed as the Chairman
of the Audit Committee on June 25, 2019.

For the Reporting Period, the Compensation & Benefits Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive
Directors, namely, Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Dr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han and one Executive Director Mr.
Weibin Zhang. Ms. Ruixia Han was appointed as the Chairwoman of the Compensation & Benefits Committee on June
25, 2019.

For the Reporting Period, the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-
Executive Directors, namely, Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Dr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han and one Executive
Director Mr. Shiliang Guan. Dr. Bielin Shi was appointed as the Chairman of the Health, Safety and Environmental
Committee on June 25, 2019.

The Company has received from each of its Independent Non-Executive Directors, their confirmation of independence
pursuant to listing rules in all applicable jurisdictions.

To the best knowledge of the Company, none of the Directors are related. Relationships include financial, business
or family relationships. The Directors are free to exercise their independent judgment. Directors, including the current
non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors, are elected at each annual general meeting and
hold office until the next annual general meeting, unless a Director’s office is earlier vacated in accordance with the
provisions of the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) and the Company’s Articles.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Non-Executive Directors bring a range of business, professional and financial expertise, experience and independent
judgment to the Board.

Through active participation at Board meetings, taking the lead in managing issues involving potential conflict of
interests and serving on Board committees, all Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Non-Executive Directors)
make various contributions to the effective direction of the Company.

In accordance with the Company’s Articles, the Non-Executive Directors (including the Independent Non-Executive
Directors) are subject to re-election each year at the Company’s annual general meeting.




22     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




DIRECTORS’ PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
The Board, through the Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, ensures that all new
Directors receive a comprehensive orientation so that each new Director fully understands the role of the Board and its
Committees, as well as the contribution individual directors are expected to make and to understand the nature and
operation of the Company’s business.

The Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
knowledge and skills. The Board provides continuing education opportunities for all Directors, so that each individual
Director may maintain or enhance his or her skills and abilities as a Director, as well as to ensure his knowledge and
understanding of the Company’s business remains current.

The orientation and continuing education process will be reviewed on an annual basis and will be revised accordingly.
There are technical presentations at Board meetings, focusing on either a particular property or a summary of various
properties. The question and answer portions of these presentations are valuable learning resources for the non-
technical Directors. The Board has also incorporated training into their Board meetings with presentations by legal,
accounting and other professional groups and individuals.

All Directors participated in appropriate continuous professional development and provided the Company with their
records of training they received for Reporting Period. Directors participated in the training which included reading
regulatory updates, attending seminars or conducting training sessions and exchanging views. According to the training
records maintained by the Company, the trainings received by each of the Directors during the Reporting Period are
summarized as follows:

                                                                                                              Reading/
                                                                                                   Attending seminars/
                                                                                                      conferences and
                                                                                                       exchange views

Executive Directors
Liangyou Jiang                                                                                                     Yes
Shiliang Guan                                                                                                      Yes
Weibin Zhang                                                                                                       Yes
Na Tian                                                                                                            Yes


Non-Executive Director
Junhu Tong                                                                                                         Yes


Independent Non-Executive Directors
Yingbin Ian He                                                                                                     Yes
Wei Shao                                                                                                           Yes
Bielin Shi                                                                                                         Yes
Ruixia Han                                                                                                         Yes




                                                                                            Annual Report 2020     23
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




MANDATE OF THE BOARD
Under the Business Corporations Act, the Directors are required to manage the Company’s business and affairs, and in
doing so, to act honestly and in good faith with a view to furthering the best interests of the Company. In addition, each
Director must exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonably prudent person would exercise in comparable
circumstances. The Board is responsible for supervising the conduct of the Company’s affairs and the management of
its business. The Board’s mandate includes setting long term goals and objectives for the Company, formulating the
plans and strategies necessary to achieve those objectives and supervising senior management in their implementation.
Although the Board delegates the responsibility for managing the day-to-day affairs of the Company to senior
management, the Board retains a supervisory role in respect of, and ultimate responsibility for, all matters relating to the
Company and its business.

The Board’s mandate requires that the Board be satisfied that the Company’s senior management will manage the
affairs of the Company in the best interest of the shareholders, in accordance with the Company’s principles, and that
the arrangements made for the management of the Company’s business and affairs are consistent with their duties
described above. The Board is responsible for protecting shareholders’ interests and ensuring that the incentives of
the shareholders and of management are aligned. The obligation of the Board must be performed continuously, and
not merely from time to time, and in times of crisis or emergency the Board may have to assume a more direct role in
managing the affairs of the Company.

In discharging this responsibility, the Board’s mandate provides that the Board oversees and monitors significant
corporate plans and strategic initiatives. The Board’s strategic planning process includes annual budget reviews and
approvals and discussions with management relating to strategic and budgetary issues.

As part of its ongoing review of business operations, the Board periodically reviews the principal risks inherent in the
Company’s business, including financial risks, and assesses the systems established to manage those risks. Directly
and through the Audit Committee, the Board also assesses the integrity of internal control over financial reporting and
management information systems.

In addition to those matters that must, by law, be approved by the Board, the Board is required to approve annual
operating and capital budgets, any material dispositions, acquisitions and investments outside of the ordinary course
of business or not provided for in the approved budgets, long-term strategy, organizational development plans and
the appointment of senior executive officers. Management is authorized to act, without Board approval on all ordinary
course matters relating to the Company’s business.

The Board’s mandate provides that the Board expects management to provide the directors, on a timely basis, with
information concerning the business and affairs of the Company, including financial and operating information and
information concerning industry developments as they occur, all with a view to enabling the Board to discharge its
stewardship obligations effectively. The Board expects management to efficiently implement its strategic plans for the
Company, to keep the Board fully apprised of its progress in doing so and to be fully accountable to the Board in
respect to all matters for which it has been assigned responsibility.




24     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Board has instructed the management to maintain procedures to monitor and promptly address shareholders’
concerns and has directed and will continue to direct the management to apprise the Board of any major concerns
expressed by shareholders.

Each Board Committee is empowered to engage external advisors as it sees fit. Any individual Director is entitled to
engage an outside advisor at the expense of the Company provided such Director has obtained the approval of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to do so. In conjunction with its review of operations, the Board
considers risk issues when appropriate and approves corporate policies addressing the management of the risk of the
Company’s business.

The Board takes ultimate responsibility for the appointment and monitoring of the Company’s senior management. The
Board approves the appointment of senior management and reviews their performance on an ongoing basis.

The Company has a corporate disclosure policy addressing, among other things, how the Company interacts with
analysts and the public, and contains measures for the Company to avoid selective disclosure. The Company has a
Disclosure Committee responsible for overseeing the Company’s disclosure practices. The Disclosure Committee consists
of the Company’s Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer
and the Company’s senior communications and investor relations officers, or those individuals who act in equivalent
positions for the Company, and receives advice from the Company’s external legal counsel. The Disclosure Committee
assesses materiality and determines when developments require public disclosure. The Disclosure Committee reviews
the corporate disclosure policy annually and as otherwise needed to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements
and reviews all documents which are reviewed by the Board and Audit Committee. The Board reviews and approves
the Company’s material disclosure documents, including its annual report, annual information form and management
proxy circular. The Company’s annual and quarterly financial statements, management’s discussion and analysis and
other financial disclosure is reviewed by the Audit Committee and recommended to the Board for approval, prior to its
release.

In order to ensure diversity of the Board and improve the Company’s corporate governance, the Board approved the
Board diversity policy (the “Policy”) in accordance with the requirements set out in code provision A.5.6 of the CG
Code. The Policy sets out the approach to achieve diversity on the board by considering a number of factors, including
without limitation, gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional skills, knowledge, experience and
length of service, in order to maintain an appropriate range and balance of talents, skills, experience and background
of the Board. Appointments of Board members shall be based on merit, and candidates will be assessed based on
objective criteria. The Company will also take into account factors based on its own business model and specific needs
from time to time. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will monitor the implementation of the Policy;
review the Policy from time to time, as appropriate; report to the Board on their decisions or propose recommendations
on any amendments for the Board’s review and approval, to ensure the effectiveness of the Policy. No measurable
objectives for achieving diversity were specifically set by the Board during the year, other than the recruitment of the
most suitable candidate for a position.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2020      25
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
To oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs and to assist in the execution of its responsibilities, the Board
has established four Board committees, namely Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,
Compensation and Benefits Committee, and Health, Safety and Environment Committee. Independent Non-Executive
Directors play an important role in these committees to ensure that independent and objective views are expressed and
to promote critical review and control.

Audit Committee
The Board has established an Audit Committee, which operates under a charter approved by the Board. It is the
Board’s responsibility to ensure that the Company has an effective risk management and internal control system.
This includes internal controls to manage both the effectiveness and efficiency of significant business processes, the
safeguarding of assets, the maintenance of proper accounting records, and the reliability of financial information as well
as non-financial considerations such as the benchmarking of operational key performance indicators. The Company’s
Audit Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors, including Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei
Shao, Dr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han. Mr. Yingbin Ian He serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee.

The primary objective of the Audit Committee is to act as a liaison between the Board and the Company’s independent
auditors and to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to (a) the financial statements
and other financial information provided by the Company to its shareholders, the public and others; (b) the Company’s
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (c) the qualification, independence and performance of the auditors;
and (d) the Company’s risk management and internal financial and accounting controls, and management information
systems.

Although the Audit Committee has the powers and responsibilities set forth in its charter, the role of the Audit
Committee is oversight. The members of the Audit Committee are not full-time employees of the Company and may
or may not be accountants or auditors by profession or experts in the fields of accounting or auditing and, in any
event, do not serve in such capacity. Consequently, it is not the duty of the Audit Committee to conduct audits or to
determine that the Company’s financial statements and disclosures are complete and accurate and are in accordance
with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). These are the responsibilities of the management and the
auditors.

All services to be performed by the auditors of the Company must be approved in advance by the Audit Committee.




26     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Audit Committee held five meetings during the Reporting Period. In performing its duties in accordance with its
charter, the Audit Committee has:

•    overseen the Company’s relationship, audit fees and terms of engagement of the external auditors;

•    reviewed the independence of the external auditors and made recommendations to the Board on the re-
     appointment of the external auditors;

•    reviewed the financial budget and planning including the annual and interim financial statements and results
     announcements during the Financial Year;

•    reviewed and assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s financial controls, corporate governance, internal
     controls and risk management systems;

•    reviewed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal audit function; and

•    reported to the Board on the decisions and recommendations of the Audit Committee.

The individual attendance of Audit Committee members at meetings is set out on page 29 of this annual report.

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
The Board established a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, operating under a charter approved by
the Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive
Directors, including Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Dr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han, and one Non-Executive
Director, namely Mr. Junhu Tong. Mr. Wei Shao serves as Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee.

The primary objective of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its
oversight responsibilities by (a) determining a policy and process for identifying individuals qualified to become Board
and Board Committee members and recommending that the Board select director nominees for appointment or election
to the Board; and (b) developing and recommending to the Board corporate governance guidelines for the Company and
making recommendations to the Board with respect to corporate governance practices. The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee monitors the disclosure of conflicts of interest to the Board and ensures that no director will
vote in respect of a matter in which such director has a material interest. The Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee met during the Financial Year to review its charter, to review the Articles, to assess the competencies and
characteristics represented on the Board, to review the results of a Board effectiveness survey and self-assessments and
to monitor, review and confirm compliance with legal, regulatory, corporate governance and disclosure requirements.
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is also responsible for reviewing and monitoring the training and
continuous professional development of directors and senior management as required under code provision D.3.1 (b) of
the CG Code.

The individual attendance of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee members at meetings is set out on page
29 of this annual report




                                                                                            Annual Report 2020      27
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Compensation and Benefits Committee
The Board has established the Compensation and Benefits Committee, which operates under a charter approved by the
Board. The Compensation and Benefits Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors including
Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Dr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han, and one Executive Director, namely, Mr. Weibin
Zhang. Ms. Ruixia Han serves as Chairwoman of the Compensation and Benefits Committee.

The primary objective of the Compensation and Benefits Committee is to discharge the Board’s responsibilities relating
to the compensation and benefits for senior executives and Directors of the Company. This role includes reviewing the
adequacy and form of compensation for senior executives and the Directors, determining the recipients of, the nature
and size of share compensation awards granted from time to time and determining any bonuses to be awarded. The
Compensation and Benefits Committee met during the Financial Year to review its charter, to assess the performance
and compensation of the Chief Executive Officer, to review the compensation and benefits for senior executives
and Directors of the Company and to complete self-assessments. The Compensation and Benefits Committee made
recommendations to the Board for adjustments to compensation for the Company’s senior executives on various
occasions throughout the Reporting Period.

The individual attendance of Compensation and Benefits Committee members at meetings is set out on page 29 of this
annual report.

Health, Safety and Environmental Committee
The Board has established the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee, which operates under a charter approved
by the Board. The Company’s Health, Safety and Environmental Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-
Executive Directors, including Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Dr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han, and one Executive
Director, namely, Mr. Shiliang Guan. Dr. Bielin Shi serves as the Chairman of the Health, Safety and Environmental
Committee.

The primary objective of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee is to discharge the Board’s responsibilities
relating to compliance with applicable health, safety and environmental rules and regulations. This role includes assisting
the Board in its oversight of the development, implementation and evaluation by management of the Company’s health,
safety and environmental objectives and for monitoring the Company’s compliance with applicable health, safety and
environmental laws and regulations. The Health, Safety and Environmental Committee met during the Reporting Period
to receive reports from the Chief Safety Officers from the CSH Gold Mine and the Jiama Mine, to review the findings of
an independent safety audit, and to complete self-assessments. The Health, Safety and Environmental Committee made
recommendations to the mine sites for continuous improvements.

The individual attendance of Health, Safety and Environmental Committee members at meetings is set out on page 29
of this annual report.

Ad Hoc and Special Committees
In appropriate circumstances, the Board will establish a special committee to review a matter in which several Directors
or management may have a conflict of interest.




28     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




MEETINGS OF THE BOARD AND BOARD COMMITTEES
Details of attendance of the Directors (either in person or through telephone conferences) at Board regular meetings,
meeting of Board Committees and general meetings during the Reporting Period are set out below. The management
also communicates informally with the Board on a regular basis, and solicits the advice of the Directors on matters
falling within their special knowledge or experience. In addition, the Independent Non-Executive Directors meet regularly
on formal and informal basis to facilitate the exercise of their independent judgment.

Attendances/Number of Meetings
                                                                        Attendances/Number of Meetings
                                                             Nominating                        Health,
                                                           and Corporate Compensation      Safety and 2020 Annual
                                                     Audit   Governance and Benefits Environmental     and Special   Committees        Overall
                                       Board     Committee    Committee      Committee     Committee      Meeting       (Total)    Attendance

Liangyou Jiang                    4/4 (100%)           N/A            N/A          N/A          N/A           0/1           N/A   4/5 (80%)
Shiliang Guan                      3/4 (75%)           N/A            N/A          N/A   4/4 (100%)           0/1   4/4 (100%)    7/9 (78%)
Weibin Zhang(1)                   2/2 (100%)           N/A            N/A          N/A          N/A           N/A           N/A  2/2 (100%)
Na Tian(2)                        2/2 (100%)           N/A            N/A          N/A          N/A           N/A           N/A  2/2 (100%)
Junhu Tong(3)                     2/2 (100%)           N/A       0/1 (0%)          N/A          N/A           N/A      0/1 (0%)   2/3 (67%)
Yingbin Ian He                    4/4 (100%)    5/5 (100%)    2/2 (100%)    1/1 (100%)   4/4 (100%)           1/1 12/12 (100%) 17/17 (100%)
Wei Shao                          4/4 (100%)    5/5 (100%)    2/2 (100%)    1/1 (100%)   4/4 (100%)           1/1 12/12 (100%) 17/17 (100%)
Bielin Shi                        4/4 (100%)    5/5 (100%)    2/2 (100%)    1/1 (100%)   4/4 (100%)           0/1 12/12 (100%) 16/17 (94%)
Ruixia Han                        4/4 (100%)    5/5 (100%)    2/2 (100%)    1/1 (100%)   4/4 (100%)           0/1 12/12 (100%) 16/17 (94%)


*        Except for the 2020 Annual and Special Meeting held on June 16, 2020, no other general meeting was held during the Reporting Period.
Notes:
(1)      Mr. Zhang was elected as a director June 16, 2020.
(2)      Ms. Tian was elected as a director June 16, 2020.
(3)      Mr. Tong was elected as a director June 16, 2020.

According to code provision A.6.7 of the CG Code, Independent Non-Executive Directors and other Non-Executive
Directors should attend general meetings and develop a balanced understanding of the views of the shareholders.

The Executive and Non-Executive Directors and two of the four Independent Non-Executive Directors were unable to
attend the Annual and Special Meeting of the Company held on June 16, 2020 due to other business commitments.

The 2021 AGM will be held on June 16, 2021. The notice of the 2021 AGM will be sent to shareholders at least 20
clear business days before the 2021 AGM.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2020         29
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS
The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all employees, consultants, executive
officers and Directors regardless of their position in the Company, at all times and everywhere the Company does
business. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics provides that the Company’s employees, consultants, executive
officers and directors will uphold its commitment to a culture of honesty, integrity and accountability and the Company
requiring the highest standards of professional and ethical conduct from its employees, consultants, executive officers
and Directors.

The Company’s employees, executive officers and Directors are required to confirm, on an annual basis, that they have
reviewed the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and if they are aware of any actual or potential conflicts
of interest.

The Company’s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee monitors compliance with the Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics and the disclosure of conflicts of interest by Directors with a view to ensuring that no Director votes
on a matter in respect of which he has a material interest.

APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
The Board determines, in light of the opportunities and risks facing the Company, what competencies, skills and
personal qualities it should seek in new Directors in order to add value to the Company. Based on this framework,
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee developed a skills matrix outlining the Company’s desired
complement of competencies, skills and characteristics. The specific make-up of the matrix includes technical,
geological and engineering knowledge, financial literacy, mining industry experience, public company experience and
legal knowledge. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assesses the competencies and characteristics
represented on the Board annually and utilize the matrix to determine the Board’s strengths and to identify areas for
improvement. This analysis assists the Nominating and Governance Committee in discharging its responsibility for
approaching and proposing new nominees to the Board and for assessing Directors on an ongoing basis.

Unless a Director dies, resigns or is removed from office in accordance with the Business Corporations Act, the term
of office of each of the Director’s ends at the conclusion of the next annual general meeting following his or her most
recent election or appointment.

At every annual general meeting the shareholders entitled to vote at the annual general meeting for the election of
directors are entitled to elect a Board consisting of the number of Directors for the time being set under the Articles and
all the Directors cease to hold office immediately before such election but are eligible for re-election. If the Company
fails to hold an annual general meeting on or before the date by which the annual general meeting is required to be
held under the Business Corporations Act or the shareholders fail, at the annual general meeting, to elect or appoint
any Directors then each Director then in office continues to hold office until the earlier of the date on which his or her
successor is elected or appointed, or the date on which he or she otherwise ceases to hold office under the Business
Corporations Act or the Articles.

According to code provision A.4.3 of the CG Code, if an independent non-executive Director serves more than 9 years,
his further election should be subject to a separate resolution to be approved by shareholders.




30     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted policies in its Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities Trading Policy on terms no
less exacting than those set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules.

Furthermore, if a Director (a) enters into a transaction involving a security of the Company or, for any other reason,
the direct or indirect beneficial ownership of, or control or direction over, securities of the Company changes from
that shown or required to be shown in the latest insider report filed by the Director, or (b) the director enters into a
transaction involving a related financial instrument, the Director must, within the prescribed period, file an insider report
in the required form on the System for Electronic Disclosure by Insiders website at www.sedi.ca.

A “related financial instrument” is defined as: (a) an instrument, agreement, security or exchange contract the value,
market price or payment obligations of which are derived from, referenced to or based on the value, market price or
payment obligations of a security, or (b) any other instrument, agreement or understanding that affects, directly or
indirectly, a person’s economic interest in respect of a security or an exchange contract.

Having made specific enquiry with each Director, all Directors have confirmed their full compliance with the required
standards set out in the Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities Trading Policy throughout the Reporting
Period. Details of the shareholding interests held by the directors as at December 31, 2020 are set out on page 12 of
this annual report.

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS
The Company’s director emolument policy is administered by the Compensation and Benefits Committee with regard to
comparable market statistics. Decisions relating to the compensation of directors are reported by the Compensation and
Benefits Committee to the Board for approval.

The Company pays its Independent Non-Executive Directors a cash retainer of US$3,825 per month for acting as
Independent Non-Executive Directors and for their roles on various Board Committees. The Company pays the lead
Independent Non-Executive Director a cash retainer of US$4,500 per month.

Details regarding the remuneration of Directors are set out in Note 11 of the Financial Statements.

COMPANY SECRETARY
The Corporate Secretary is responsible for advising the Board through the Chairman of the Board on governance
matters and also facilitates induction and professional development of Directors. The Corporate Secretary reports to the
Chairman of the Board. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Corporate Secretary to ensure that
Board procedures, all applicable law, rules and regulations are followed.

Dr. Ngai Wai Fung, the director and chief executive officer of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited,
an external service provider, has been appointed by the Board as its company secretary in Hong Kong with effect from
January 16, 2014. Dr. Ngai’s contact person in the Company in relation to any corporate secretarial matters is Mr. Jerry
Xie, the Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary.

According to Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Dr. Ngai has confirmed that he has taken no less than 15 hours of
professional training to update his skills and knowledge during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2020       31
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board is responsible for overseeing the risk management and internal controls of the Company and reviewing their
effectiveness. Risk management and internal controls are used by the Board to facilitate the effectiveness and efficiency
of operations, to safeguard the investment of shareholders and assets of the Company and to ensure compliance with
relevant statutory and regulatory requirements. The Company’s risk management and internal control policies are
designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material misstatements and to help the Board
identify and mitigate, but not eliminate, risk exposure.

The Company maintains internal audit functions for both itself and its operating subsidiaries. The Company leverages
the internal audit function of China National Gold, its controlling shareholder, for its internal audit function. Risk
management and internal control systems are reviewed on a quarterly basis in conjunction with the quarterly
certification requirements for disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting as
mandated by applicable Canadian securities laws.

The Audit Committee and the Board have reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
systems of the Company and its subsidiaries, including financial, operational and compliance controls, for the Reporting
Period and are of the view that the Company’s current risk management and internal control systems are adequate and
operating effectively in safeguarding the investment of shareholders and assets of the Company.

The Company has used the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) 2013
framework to evaluate the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, and has concluded that its internal
controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2020 and provide reasonable assurance that material
information, including financial information, relating to the Company is made known to senior management, the Audit
Committee and the Board, as applicable, and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner.

The Board has established a framework for identifying, evaluating and managing key risks faced by the Company. The
Board, through the Audit Committee, reviews annually the effectiveness of the internal control system of the Company
and its subsidiaries, considering factors such as:

•    changes, since the last annual review, in nature and extent of significant risks, and the Company’s ability to
     respond to changes in its business and the external environment;

•    the scope and quality of management’s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems, and the
     work of the internal audit function;

•    the extent and frequency of communication of monitoring results to the Board which enables it to assess control
     of the Company and the effectiveness of risk management;

•    adequacy of resources;

•    staff qualifications and experience;

•    training programmes;




32     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




•    budget of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions; communication of the
     monitoring results to the Board that enables it to assess control of the Company and the effectiveness of the risk
     management;

•    significant control failings or weaknesses that have been identified during the period, and the extent to which
     they have caused unforeseeable outcomes or contingencies that had or might have, a material impact on the
     Company’s financial performance or condition; and

•    the effectiveness of the Company’s processes for financial reporting and compliance with applicable listing rules
     and securities laws.

Pursuant to National Instrument 52-109 Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings of the Canadian
Securities Administrators (“NI – 52-109”), the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Chief Financial Officer
(“CFO”) are required to evaluate the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and
procedures (“DC&P”), as defined in NI 52-109, and certify that the DC&P are effective to achieve the purpose for which
they have been designed. Internal controls over financial reporting (“ICFR”), as defined in NI 52-109, are designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
in accordance with IFRS. Management is also responsible for the design of the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting in order to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. The CEO and CFO provide confirmation of the
foregoing matters to the Audit Committee as part of its review and approval of periodic financial disclosure.

The Company has established a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and
Securities Trading Policy (the “Code”), which includes a policy on the handling of confidential information, information
disclosure and securities dealing for all employees of the Company to comply with when they are in possession of
confidential or inside information in relation to the Company. The Code provides that the Company’s employees, officers,
Directors and contract employees will uphold our commitment to a culture of honesty, integrity and accountability
and that the Company requires the highest standards of professional and ethical conduct from its employees, officers,
Directors and contract employees. The various policies forming the Code are available on the Company’s website (www.
chinagoldintl.com) and have been disseminated to all employees of the Company.

Ethics Point is the Company’s whistleblowing program, which is administered by an independent third party, and is
available for use when someone suspects or is aware of illegal, unsafe or inappropriate activity at work. Ethics Point
provides an avenue for individuals to raise concerns confidentially and anonymously. The Audit Committee monitors
compliance with the Code. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee monitors the Code and assists the
Board in dealing with conflict of interest issues.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2020      33
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




AUDITORS
The Company’s auditor is Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu of Hong Kong. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu were first appointed as
auditor of the Company on April 1, 2010. The appointment of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu was approved by an ordinary
resolution of the shareholders at the Company’s annual and special meeting held on June 16, 2020. Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu will be nominated for re-appointment as auditors of the Company for the fiscal year at the 2021 AGM, at a
remuneration to be fixed by the Board.

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu is independent of the Company in accordance with Section 290 “Independence – Assurance
Engagements” of the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The financial reporting responsibilities and audit report of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu are set out on pages
65 to 69 of the Financial Statements.

Deloitte LLP served as auditor of the Company until April 1, 2010. The Company continues to use the services of
Deloitte LLP from time to time for tax compliance advice relating to transactions and proposed transactions of the
Company and its subsidiaries.

The fees paid/payable to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu in respect of audit and non-audit services provided during the
Reporting Period were as follows:

                                                                                                                        Fees paid/payable
Nature of services rendered                                                                                                         (US$)

Audit fees(1)                                                                                                                      683,000
Non-audit fees(2)                                                                                                                   65,500

Total                                                                                                                              748,500


Notes:
(1)      Fees for audit services consisted of fees incurred to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (US$683,000) in connection with the audit of the
         Company’s annual financial statements, review of the Company’s interim financial statements and other services related to securities
         regulatory matters.
(2)      Fees for non-audit services consisted of fees incurred to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (US$65,500) in connection with preparation of the
         Company’s Hong Kong Tax filings and additional services.

RESPONSIBILITIES IN RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility in preparing the financial statements that provide a true and fair view of
the financial affairs of the Company. With the assistance of the Company’s management, the directors ensure that the
financial statements are being prepared and published in a timely manner in accordance with the applicable accounting
standards and statutory requirements.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company has not made any changes to its notice of articles or articles.




34         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Right to convene a meeting of shareholders
The general meetings of the Company provide an opportunity for communication between the shareholders and
the Board. Every company having securities listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange must hold its annual meeting of
shareholders within six months from the end of its fiscal year, or at such earlier time as is required by applicable
legislation.

Pursuant to Section 167 of the Business Corporations Act, shareholders who hold in the aggregate at least one-
twentieth of the issued shares of the Company that carry a right to vote at general meetings may requisition a general
meeting by delivering a signed written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary at the Company’s principal
place of business at Suite 660, 505 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V7X 1M4 for the purpose of
transacting any business that may be transacted at a general meeting.

Right to put enquiries to the Board
Shareholders have the right to put enquiries to the Board. All enquiries shall be in writing and sent by post to the
principal place of business of the Company at Suite 660, 505 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V7X
1M4, or by email to info@chinagoldintl.com for the attention of the Company secretary.

Right to put forward proposals at general meetings
There are no provisions allowing shareholders to propose new resolutions at general meetings under the Business
Corporations Act. However, qualified shareholders (as defined in section 187 of the Business Corporations Act) may put
forward a proposal for the next general meeting pursuant to Part 5, Division 7 of the Business Corporations Act.

INVESTOR RELATIONS AND COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company follows a policy of disclosing relevant information to shareholders in a timely manner. Members of the
Board and senior management meet and communicate with shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company
to address shareholders’ queries. Voting results are posted on the Company’s website on the day of the annual general
meeting.

The Company also published its ESG Report on its website, www.chinagoldintl.com.

The ESG Report communicates to the Company’s stakeholders in a broad manner the relevant environmental, social
and governance initiatives that the Company has made in reference to Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules. The 2020 ESG
Report will be published on the Company’s website no later than three months after the publication of the Company’s
Annual Report

Our corporate website which contains corporate information, corporate governance practice, interim and annual reports,
news releases, announcements and circulars issued by the Company enables the Company’s shareholders to have
timely and updated information of the Company.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2020     35
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations for the three months and year ended
December 31, 2020.


(Stated in U.S. dollars, except as otherwise noted)




FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                              39

THE COMPANY                                             40

OVERVIEW                                                40

PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS                                  41

SELECTED ANNUAL INFORMATION                             42      SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, ACQUISITIONS
OUTLOOK                                                 42      AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES. ASSOCIATES
                                                                AND JOINT VENTURES, AND FUTURE PLAN
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                                   43
                                                                FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OF CAPITAL
SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA                       43
                                                                ASSETS                                  60
SELECTED QUARTERLY PRODUCTION
                                                                CHARGE ON ASSETS                        60
DATA AND ANALYSIS                                       43
                                                                EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN
REVIEW OF QUARTERLY DATA                                45
                                                                EXCHANGE RATES AND RELATED
NON-IFRS MEASURES                                       48      HEDGES                                  60

MINERAL PROPERTIES                                      50      COMMITMENTS                             60

THE CSH MINE                                            50      RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS              61

THE JIAMA MINE                                          52      PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS                   62

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES                         57      CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES           62

CASH FLOWS                                              58      CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES           62

OPERATING CASH FLOW                                     59      FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND
                                                                OTHER INSTRUMENTS                       63
INVESTING CASH FLOW                                     59
                                                                OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS          63
FINANCING CASH FLOW                                     59
                                                                DIVIDEND AND DIVIDEND POLICY            63
EXPENDITURES INCURRED                                   59
                                                                OUTSTANDING SHARES                      63
GEARING RATIO                                           59
                                                                DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND
                                                                PROCEDURES AND INTERNAL CONTROL
                                                                OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING                64

                                                                RISK FACTORS                            64

                                                                QUALIFIED PERSON                        64
        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     The following Management Discussion and Analysis of financial condition and results of operations (“MD&A”) is
     prepared as of March 31, 2021. It should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and
     notes thereto of China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. (referred to herein as “China Gold International”, the
     “Company”, “we” or “our” as the context may require) for the three months and year ended December 31, 2020 and
     the three months and year ended December 31, 2019, respectively. Unless the context otherwise provides, references
     in this MD&A to China Gold International or the Company refer to China Gold International and each of its subsidiaries
     collectively on a consolidated basis.

     The following discussion contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the Company’s plans, objectives,
     expectations and intentions, which are based on the Company’s current expectations and are subject to risks,
     uncertainties and changes in circumstances. Readers should carefully consider all of the information set out in this
     MD&A, including the risks and uncertainties outlined further in the Company’s Annual Information Form (“Annual
     Information Form” or “AIF”) dated March 31, 2021 on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, www.chinagoldintl.com and
     www.hkex.com.hk. For further information on risks and other factors that could affect the accuracy of forward-looking
     statements and the result of operations of the Company, please refer to the sections titled “Forward-Looking Statements”
     and “Risk Factors” and to discussions elsewhere within this MD&A. China Gold International’s business, financial
     condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks.




38       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements made herein, other than statements of historical fact relating to the Company, represent forward-
looking information. In some cases, this forward-looking information can be identified by words or phrases such as “may”,
“will”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “contemplates”, “aim”, “estimate”, “intend”, “plan”, “believe”, “potential”, “continue”, “is/
are likely to”, “should” or the negative of these terms, or other similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking
information. This forward-looking information includes, among other things; China Gold International’s production
estimates, business strategies and capital expenditure plans; the development and expansion plans and schedules for
the CSH Mine and the Jiama Mine; China Gold International’s financial condition; the regulatory environment as well
as the general industry outlook; general economic trends in China; and statements respecting anticipated business
activities, planned expenditures, corporate strategies, participation in projects and financing, and other statements that
are not historical facts.

By their nature, forward-looking information involves numerous assumptions, both general and specific, which may
cause the actual results, performance or achievements of China Gold International and/or its subsidiaries to be
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward–looking
information. Some of the key assumptions include, among others, the absence of any material change in China Gold
International’s operations or in foreign exchange rates, the prevailing price of gold, copper and other non-ferrous metal
products; the absence of lower-than-anticipated mineral recovery or other production problems; effective income and
other tax rates and other assumptions underlying China Gold International’s financial performance as stated in the
Company’s technical reports for its CSH Mine and Jiama Mine; China Gold International’s ability to obtain regulatory
confirmations and approvals on a timely basis; continuing positive labor relations; the absence of any material adverse
effects as a result of political instability, terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics such as COVID-19, litigation or
arbitration and adverse changes in government regulation; the availability and accessibility of financing to China Gold
International; and the performance by counterparties of the terms and conditions of all contracts to which China Gold
International and its subsidiaries are a party. The forward-looking information is also based on the assumption that
none of the risk factors identified in this MD&A or in the AIF that could cause actual results to differ materially from the
forward-looking information actually occurs.

Forward-looking information contained herein as of the date of this MD&A is based on the opinions, estimates and
assumptions of management. There are a number of important risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause
actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described as forward-looking information. China Gold
International disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information,
estimates, opinions or assumptions, future events or results, or otherwise except to the extent required by law. There
can be no assurance that forward-looking information will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events
could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. The forward-looking information in this MD&A is
expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking
information.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2020          39
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     THE COMPANY
     Overview
     China Gold International is a gold and base metal mining company registered in British Columbia Canada. The
     Company’s main business involves the operation, acquisition, development and exploration of gold and base metal
     properties.

     The Company’s principal mining operations are the Chang Shan Hao Gold Mine (“CSH Mine” or “CSH”), located in
     Inner Mongolia, China and the Jiama Copper-Gold Polymetallic Mine (“Jiama Mine” or “Jiama”), located in Tibet, China.
     China Gold International holds a 96.5% interest in the CSH Mine, while its Chinese joint venture (“CJV”) partner holds
     the remaining 3.5% interest. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Jiama Mine, which hosts a large scale copper-
     gold polymetallic deposit containing copper, gold, molybdenum, silver, lead and zinc metals.

     China Gold International’s common shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) and The Stock Exchange
     of Hong Kong Limited (“HKSE”) under the symbol CGG and the stock code 2099, respectively. Additional information
     about the Company, including the Company’s Annual Information Form, is available on SEDAR at sedar.com as well as
     Hong Kong Exchange News at hkexnews.hk.




40       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Performance Highlights
Three months ended December 31, 2020
•   Revenue increased to US$265.8 million compared to US$162.3 million for the same period in 2019.

•   Mine operating earnings increased by 485% to US$90.1 million from US$15.4 million for the same period in
    2019.

•   Net income of US$56.4 million increased by US$60.7 million from a net loss of US$4.3 million for the same
    period in 2019.

•   Cash flow from operation increased by 186% to US$86.8 million from US$30.4 million for the same period in
    2019.

•   Total gold production increased by 14% to 59,177 ounces from 52,075 ounces for the same period in 2019.

•   Total copper production increased by 72% to 50.1 million pounds (approximately 22,742 tonnes) from 29.2
    million pounds (approximately 13,227 tonnes) for the same period in 2019.

Year ended December 31, 2020
•   Revenue increased to US$864.0 million compared to US$657.5 million for the same period in 2019.

•   Mine operating earnings increased by 227% to US$209.9 million from US$64.2 million for the same period in
    2019.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2020    41
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




•    Net income of US$113.9 million increased by US$146.1 million from a net loss of US$32.2 million for the same
     period in 2019.

•    Cash flow from operation increased by 65% to US$260.5 million from US$158.3 million for the same period in
     2019.

•    Total gold production increased by 12% to 240,848 ounces from 214,715 ounces for the same period in 2019.

•    Total copper production increased by 31% to 180.9 million pounds (approximately 82,059 tonnes) from 137.9
     million pounds (approximately 62,533 tonnes) for the same period in 2019.

SELECTED ANNUAL INFORMATION*
                                                                    Year ended December 31
                                                  2020            2019           2018              2017            2016

US$ Millions except for per share
Total revenue                                      864             657              571             412              339
Income (loss) from operations                      154              (3)              43              79               34
Net profit (loss)                                  114             (32)              (4)             64              (12)
Basic earnings (loss) per share (cents)          28.24           (8.28)           (1.22)          15.93            (3.36)
Diluted earnings (loss) per share (cents)          N/A             N/A              N/A             N/A              N/A
Total assets                                     3,323           3,197            3,216           3,230            2,967
Total non-current liabilities                    1,284             818            1,301           1,324              737


*    Prepared under IFRS

OUTLOOK
•    Projected gold production of 235,000 ounces in 2021.

•    Projected copper production of 177 million pounds in 2021.

•    The Company continues to focus its efforts on optimizing the operation at both mines, stabilizing the Jiama Mine’s
     production and potentially extending the mine life of CSH Mine.

•    To fulfill its growth strategy, the Company is continually working with CNG and other interested parties to identify
     potential international mining acquisition opportunities, namely projects outside of China.

•    The Company has not experienced any significant impact on its operations from the COVID-19 pandemic. Both
     of the Company’s mines have been operating without significant interruption during the three months and year
     ended December 31, 2020. The Company continues to closely monitor the health of its employees and supply
     chains to be able to respond to any potential disruptions, should any arise. The Company is also managing its
     cash reserves to be able to withstand any financial ramifications of potential disruptions.




42     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Selected Quarterly Financial Data
                                                                                   Quarter ended
                                                             2020                                              2019
(US$ in thousands except per share)          31-Dec     30-Sep       30-Jun       31-Mar       31-Dec     30-Sep       30-Jun      31-Mar

Revenue                                     265,810    240,451      209,188    148,583        162,326    186,375      163,166     145,592
Cost of sales                               175,717    174,346      173,701    130,414        146,952    160,094      155,876     130,324
Mine operating earnings                      90,093     66,105       35,487     18,169         15,374     26,281        7,290      15,268
General and administrative expenses          13,656      8,026        5,793      9,186         15,280     11,762        9,532      13,495
Exploration and evaluation expenses             174         77          165         61           (156)       368          175         115
Research and development expenses            11,019      3,251        2,264      1,966          3,200      4,308        4,541       4,856
Income (loss) from operations                65,244     54,751       27,265      6,956         (2,950)     9,843       (6,958)     (3,198)
Gain on recognition of other assets               –          –            –          –         14,067     11,245            –           –
Foreign exchange gain (loss)                  4,806      6,366       (2,331)    (5,438)         4,074     (9,616)      (7,414)      5,288
Finance costs                                 9,732     10,241       11,525     10,516         10,398     10,560       11,482      10,088
Profit (loss) before income tax              63,961     51,665       17,597     (7,793)         4,732      2,380      (24,817)     (7,137)
Income tax expense (credit)                   7,513      4,029         (926)       876          9,037      2,701       (1,866)     (2,563)
Net profit (loss)                            56,448     47,636       18,523     (8,669)        (4,305)      (321)     (22,951)     (4,574)
Basic earnings (loss) per share (cents)       14.10      11.87         4.52      (2.25)         (1.19)     (0.17)       (5.79)      (1.13)
Diluted earnings (loss) per share (cents)       N/A        N/A          N/A        N/A            N/A        N/A          N/A         N/A


Selected Quarterly Production Data and Analysis
CSH Mine                                                         Three months ended December 31,         Year ended December 31,
                                                                          2020           2019                  2020           2019

Gold sales (US$ million)                                                  63.30               52.99           260.07              205.21
Realized average price (US$) of gold per ounce                            1,852               1,488            1,739               1,407
Gold produced (ounces)                                                   34,753              34,474          149,572             146,805
Gold sold (ounces)                                                       34,184              35,622          149,578             145,811
Total production cost (US$ per ounce)                                     1,474               1,297            1,392               1,318
Cash production cost(1) (US$ per ounce)                                   1,205                 937              942                 862


(1)    Non-IFRS measure. See ‘Non-IFRS measures’ section of this MD&A




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2020        43
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Gold production at the CSH Mine increased by 1% to 34,753 ounces for the three months ended December 31, 2020
compared to 34,474 ounces for the three months ended December 31, 2019. The total production cost of gold for
the three months ended December 31, 2020 increased to US$1,474 per ounce compared to US$1,297 for the three
months ended December 31, 2019. The cash production cost of gold for the three months ended December 31, 2020
increased to US$1,205 per ounce from US$937 for the same period in 2019. Changes in total production cost and
cash cost are mainly due to longer waste haulage distance leading to higher movement costs.

Jiama Mine                                                 Three months ended December 31,    Year ended December 31,
                                                                    2020             2019           2020             2019

Copper sales (US$ in millions)                                     95.29            74.00        291.18           308.27
Realized average price 1 (US$) of copper per pound after
   smelting fee discount                                            1.78             2.26           1.64            2.13
Copper produced (tonnes)                                          22,742           13,227         82,059          62,533
Copper produced (pounds)                                      50,138,122       29,160,597    180,909,850     137,860,887
Copper sold (tonnes)                                              23,545           15,185         80,463          65,321
Copper sold (pounds)                                          51,908,517       33,477,926    177,391,325     144,008,887
Gold produced (ounces)                                            24,424           17,601         91,276          67,910
Gold sold (ounces)                                                24,999           18,390         89,771          69,997
Silver produced (ounces)                                       2,369,769          948,985      7,275,862       3,782,151
Silver sold (ounces)                                           2,407,638        1,029,733      7,113,859       3,960,521
Lead produced (tonnes)                                            23,457                –         72,031           2,752
Lead produced (pounds)                                        51,712,012                –    158,800,112       6,067,205
Lead sold (tonnes)                                                24,183                –         69,714           2,752
Lead sold (pounds)                                            53,313,232                –    153,691,955       6,067,205
Zinc produced (tonnes)                                            10,519                –         34,425               –
Zinc produced (pounds)                                        23,191,738                –     75,893,783               –
Zinc sold (tonnes)                                                10,917                –         33,315               –
Zinc sold (pounds)                                            24,068,017                –     73,447,451               –
Moly produced (tonnes)                                               187                –            187              92
Moly produced (pounds)                                           411,239                –        411,239         203,026
Moly sold (tonnes)                                                   169                –            169             645
Moly sold (pounds)                                               372,762                –        372,762       1,422,637


Total production cost 2 (US$) of copper per pound                   2.87             3.55           2.80            3.17
Total production cost 2 (US$) of copper per pound after
  by-products credits 4                                             0.81             2.50           1.04            2.17


Cash production cost 3 (US$) per pound of copper                    2.29             2.92           2.14            2.50
Cash production cost 3 (US$) of copper per pound after
  by-products credits 4                                             0.23             1.87           0.38            1.51




44      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




1    A discount factor of 15.8% to 29.1% is applied to the copper benchmark price to compensate the refinery costs incurred by the buyers.
     The discount factor is higher if the grade of copper in copper concentrate is below 18%. The industry standard of copper in copper
     concentrate is between 18-20%.
2    Production costs include expenditures incurred at the mine sites for the activities related to production including mining, processing,
     mine site G&A and royalties etc.
3    Non-IFRS measure. See ‘Non-IFRS measures’ section of this MD&A
4    By-products credit refers to the sales of gold and silver during the corresponding period.

During the three months ended December 31, 2020, the Jiama Mine produced 22,742 tonnes (approximately 50.1
million pounds) of copper, an increase of 72% compared with the three months ended December 31, 2019 (13,227
tonnes, or 29.2 million pounds).

Both total production cost of copper per pound after by-products and cash production cost of copper per pound after
by-product decreased greatly as compared to the same period in 2019 due to higher mined tonnes, higher head grade,
higher recovery rates, and more by-products recovered of lead, zinc and molybdenum.

Review of Quarterly Data
Three months ended December 31, 2020 compared to three months ended December 31, 2019
Revenue of US$265.8 million for the fourth quarter of 2020 increased by US$103.5 million from US$162.3 million for
the same period in 2019.

Revenue from the CSH Mine was US$63.3 million, an increase of US$10.3 million, compared to US$53.0 million for
the same period in 2019. Realized average gold price increased by 24% from US$1,488/oz in Q4 2019 to US$1,852/
oz in Q4 2020. Gold sold by the CSH Mine was 34,184 ounces (gold produced: 34,753 ounces), compared to 35,622
ounces (gold produced: 34,474 ounces) for the same period in 2019.

Revenue from the Jiama Mine was US$202.5 million, an increase of US$93.2 million, compared to US$109.3 million
for the same period in 2019. Total copper sold was 23,545 tonnes (51.9 million pounds) for the three months ended
December 31, 2020, an increase of 55% from 15,185 tonnes (33.5 million pounds) for the same period in 2019.

Cost of sales of US$175.7 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2020, an increase of US$28.7 million from
US$147.0 million for the same period in 2019. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue for the Company decreased
from 91% to 66% for the three months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. Cost of sales was impacted
by many operation factors such as mining costs, grade of ore, metal recovery rates and stripping ratio. Refer to the
sections below for details of production factors for each individual mine.

Mine operating earnings of US$90.1 million for the three months ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 485%,
or US$74.7 million, from US$15.4 million for the same period in 2019. Mine operating earnings as a percentage of
revenue increased from 9% to 34% for the three months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively.

General and administrative expenses decreased by US$1.6 million, from US$15.3 million for the quarter ended
December 31, 2019 to US$13.7 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was due to the
Company’s continuous implementation of an overall cost reduction program.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2020           45
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Research and development expenses of US$11.0 million for the three months ended December 31, 2020, increased
from US$3.2 million for the comparative 2019 period. The increase in 2020 was due to the Company’s R&D activities
related to recovery rates and processing and mining optimization.

Income from operations of US$65.2 million for the fourth quarter of 2020, increased by US$68.2 million, compared to a
loss of US$3.0 million for the same period in 2019.

Finance costs of US$9.7 million for the three months ended December 31, 2020, decreased by US$0.7 million
compared to US$10.4 million for the same period in 2019.

Foreign exchange gain of US$4.8 million for the three months ended December 31, 2020, increased from US$4.1
million for the same period in 2019. The gain was attributed to changes in the RMB/USD exchange rates and the
revaluation of monetary items held in Chinese RMB.

Income tax expense of US$7.5 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2020, decreased by US$1.5 million from
US$9.0 million for the comparative period in 2019. During the current quarter, the Company had US$5.3 million of
deferred tax credit compared to US$0.8 million for the same period in 2019.

Net income of US$56.4 million for the three months ended December 31, 2020, increased by US$60.7 million from a
net loss of US$4.3 million for the three months ended December 31, 2019.

Year ended December 31, 2020 compared to year ended December 31, 2019
Revenue of US$864.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 increased by US$206.5 million from US$657.5
million for the same period in 2019.

Revenue from the CSH Mine was US$260.1 million, an increase of US$54.9 million, compared to US$205.2 million
for the same period in 2019. Realized average gold price increased by 24% from US$1,407/oz in 2019 to US$1,739/
oz in 2020. Gold sold by the CSH Mine was 149,578 ounces (gold produced: 149,572 ounces), compared to 145,811
ounces (gold produced: 146,805 ounces) for the same period in 2019.

Revenue from the Jiama Mine was US$604.0 million, an increase of US$151.8 million, compared to US$452.2 million
for the same period in 2019. Total copper sold was 80,463 tonnes (177.4 million pounds) for the year ended December
31, 2020, an increase of 23% from 65,321 tonnes (144.0 million pounds) for the same period in 2019.

Cost of sales of US$654.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of US$61.0 million from
US$593.2 million for the same period in 2019. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue for the Company decreased
from 90% to 76% for the year ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. Cost of sales was impacted by many
operation factors such as mining costs, grade of ore, metal recovery rates and stripping ratio. Refer to the sections
below for details of production factors for each individual mine.




46     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Mine operating earnings of US$209.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 227%, or
US$145.7 million, from US$64.2 million for the same period in 2019. Mine operating earnings as a percentage of
revenue increased from 10% to 24% for the year ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively.

General and administrative expenses decreased by US$13.4 million, from US50.1 million for the year ended December
31, 2019 to US$36.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was due to the Company’s
continuous implementation of an overall cost reduction program.

Research and development expenses of US$18.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, increased from
US$16.9 million for the comparative 2019 period. The increase in 2020 was due to the Company’s R&D activities in
relation to increasing metal recovery rates and optimizing processing and mining.

Income from operations of US$154.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, increased by US$157.5 million,
compared to a loss of US$3.3 million for the same period in 2019.

Finance costs of US$42.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, decreased by US$0.5 million compared to
US$42.5 million for the same period in 2019.

Foreign exchange gain of US$3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, increased from a loss of US$7.7
million for the same period in 2019. The gain was attributed to changes in the RMB/USD exchange rates and the
revaluation of monetary items held in Chinese RMB.

Interest and other income of US$9.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 increased from US$3.3 million for
the same period in 2019. The increase in 2020 was primarily attributed to the sales of lead-zinc concentrate at the
Jiama Mine.

Income tax expense of US$11.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, increased by US$4.2 million from
US$7.3 million for the comparative period in 2019. During the current year, the Company had US$12.5 million of
deferred tax credit compared to US$3.4 million for the same period in 2019.

Net income of US$113.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, increased by US$146.1 million from a net loss
of US$32.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2019.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2020     47
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




NON-IFRS MEASURES
The cash cost of production is a measure that is not in accordance with IFRS.

The Company has included cash production cost per ounce gold data to supplement its consolidated financial
statements, which are presented in accordance with IFRS. Non-IFRS measures do not have any standardized meaning
prescribed under IFRS, and therefore they may not be comparable to similar measures employed by other companies.
The data is intended to provide additional information and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for
measures of performance, operating results or financial condition prepared in accordance with IFRS. The Company
has included cash production cost per ounce data because it understands that certain investors use this information
to determine the Company’s ability to generate earnings and cash flow. The measure is not necessarily indicative of
operating results, cash flow from operations, or financial condition as determined under IFRS. Cash production costs
are determined in accordance with the Gold Institute’s Production Cost Standard. Although the Gold Institute ceased
operations in 2002, the Company believes that the Gold Institute’s Production Cost Standard continues to represent the
market accepted standard for reporting cash cost of production. However, different issuers may apply slight deviations
to the standard so the cash production costs disclosed by the Company may not be directly comparable to other
issuers.

The following tables provide a reconciliation of cost of sales to the cash costs of production in total dollars and in dollars
per gold ounce for the CSH Mine or per copper pound for the Jiama Mine:

                                                                                          CSH Mine (Gold)
                                             Three months ended December 31,                                             Year ended December 31,
                                        2020                                 2019                                2020                               2019
                                     US$     US$ Per ounce                US$     US$ Per ounce               US$     US$ Per ounce              US$     US$ Per ounce

Total Cost of sales            50,400,816            1,474        46,189,909              1,297        208,152,055            1,392      192,228,416             1,318
Adjustment – Depreciation &
   depletion                   (9,011,507)            (264)       (12,525,697)             (352)       (65,315,849)           (437)       (65,123,084)            (446)
Adjustment – Amortization of
   intangible assets             (193,794)              (5)         (284,942)                (8)        (1,923,637)             (13)       (1,395,056)             (10)

Total cash production costs    41,195,515            1,205        33,379,270               937         140,912,569             942       125,710,276              862




48          China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                        Jiama Mine (Copper with by-products credits)
                                                Three months ended December 31,                                  Year ended December 31,
                                              2020                          2019                           2020                          2019
                                                       US$ Per                     US$ Per                           US$ Per                    US$ Per
                                            US$          Pound          US$          Pound             US$             Pound         US$         Pound

Total Cost of sales                 125,314,548           2.41    104,954,616           3.14   446,024,457           2.52   401,017,851            2.78

General and administrative
  expenses                           12,814,567           0.25     10,691,637           0.31    31,480,286           0.18     38,397,941           0.27
Research and development
  expenses                           11,018,405           0.21      3,199,894           0.10    18,499,635           0.10     16,904,660           0.12

Total production cost               149,147,520           2.87    118,846,147           3.55   496,004,378           2.80   456,320,452            3.17

Adjustment – Depreciation &
  depletion                          (21,664,945)        (0.41) (15,650,178)           (0.47) (81,238,181)           (0.46) (68,760,126)          (0.48)
Adjustment – Amortization of
  intangible assets                   (8,819,569)        (0.17)    (5,478,025)         (0.16) (35,988,790)           (0.20) (27,518,162)          (0.19)

Total cash production costs         118,663,006           2.29     97,717,944           2.92   378,777,407           2.14   360,042,164            2.50

By-products credits                 (106,956,933)        (2.06) (35,259,216)           (1.05) (312,118,617)          (1.76) (143,142,843)         (0.99)

Total cash production costs after
   by-products credits               11,706,073           0.23     62,458,728           1.87    66,658,790           0.38   216,899,321            1.51


The adjustments above include depreciation and depletion, amortization of intangible assets, and selling expenses
included in total production costs.




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020           49
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




MINERAL PROPERTIES
The CSH Mine
The CSH Mine is located in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region of China. The property hosts two low-grade, near
surface gold deposits, along with other mineralized prospects. The main deposit is called the Northeast Zone (the
“Northeast Zone”), while the second, smaller deposit is called the Southwest Zone (the “Southwest Zone”).

The CSH Mine is owned and operated by Inner Mongolia Pacific Mining Co. Limited, a Chinese Joint Venture in which
the Company holds a 96.5% interest and Ningxia Nuclear Industry Geological Exploration Institution holds the remaining
3.5%.

The CSH Mine has two open-pit mining operations with a combined mining and processing capacity of 60,000 tpd. The
run-of-mine ore is heap leached with cyanide solution to extract gold and electro-winned to produce a gold dore which
is sold to refiners.

In July 2019, CSH updated its mine plan based on a result of latest ultimate limit optimization, in which the production
rate was reduced to 40,000 t/d with a life of mine (“LoM”) of seven years as of 2019.

In June 2020, the operation of southwest pit ended.

The major new contracts entered into during the year ended December 31, 2020:

                                                                                            Contract period
                                                                          Subject amount    (effective day and
Item No.     Contract Name                Counterpart                     (US$ millions)    expiration date)     Date of Contract

1            Contract for supply of on -site Bayannur Sheng’an Chemical   Estimated: 12.1   2020.1.1 –           2020.1.1
               mixed emulsion explosives       Co., Ltd. Urad Middle                          2020.12.31
                                               Banner Branch
2            Supply Agreement of Liquid      Inner Mongolia Chengxin      Estimated: 18.5   2020.1.1 –           2020.1.1
               Sodium Cyanide                  Yong’an Chemicals Co.,                         2020.12.31
                                               Ltd.
3            Purchase and sale contract of Hunan Zhongxing                Estimated: 10.6   2020.6.23 –          2020.6.23
               gold bearing materials          Environmental Protection                       2020.7.22
                                               Technology Co., Ltd
4            Contract for supply of Liquid Chengxin Yongan Chemical       Estimated: 6.8    2021.1.1 –           2020.7.23
               sodium cyanide                  Co.,Ltd                                        2021.12.31
               (20000 tons)
5            Contract for supply of on -site Bayannur Sheng'an Chemical   Estimated: 10.3   2020.7.1 –           2020.6.30
               mixed emulsion explosives       Co., Ltd. Urad Middle                          2023.5.31
                                               Banner Branch




50         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Production Update
                                                         Three months ended                       Year ended
CSH Mine                                                    December 31,                         December 31,
                                                            2020            2019                 2020              2019

Ore mined and placed on pad (tonnes)                  2,564,675          3,827,729        11,508,406         14,751,364
Average ore grade (g/t)                                    0.46               0.53              0.57               0.53
Recoverable gold (ounces)                                24,156             39,168           124,330            153,156
Ending gold in process (ounces)                         160,713            174,904           160,713            174,904
Waste rock mined (tonnes)                            17,375,012         20,274,260        64,940,037         68,265,938


For the three months ended December 31, 2020, the total amount of ore placed on the leach pad was 2.6 million
tonnes, with total contained gold of 24,156 ounces (751.3 kilograms). The overall accumulative project-to-date gold
recovery rate has gradually increased to approximately 54.99% at the end of December 2020 from 54.26% at the end
of December 2019. Of which, gold recovery from the phase I heap was 59.77% and; gold recovery from the Phase II
heap was 50.34% at December 31, 2020.

Exploration
At the beginning of 2020, an exploration program at the south-west pit depth was started to identify and to upgrade the
gold Mineral Resources below the ultimate pit limit for potentially extending the life of mine. Six surface diamond drill
holes were completed totaling 3,690+/-m. Meanwhile an additional surface diamond drill hole was completed based on
the mineralization interceptions, totaling 964.35+/-m.

In the third quarter, the other exploration program at the north-east pit depth was planned, with 25 surface diamond
drill holes totaling 16,735+/-m and one hydrogeological drill hole of 725+/-m, to investigate hydrgeological conditions
and to upgrade Mineral Resources at depth. 24 surface drill holes and one hydrogeological drill hole were completed,
totaling 15,494.72+/-m and 755.49+/-m, respectively. There was a sticking as the remaining one drill hole reached
780+/-m, causing a redrill with 329+/-m completed.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2020      51
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Mineral Resources Update
CSH Mine Mineral Resources by category, at December 31, 2020 under NI 43-101 are listed below:

                                                                                                Metal
Type                                             Quantity Mt            Au g/t                Au t            Au Moz

Measured                                                  3.13           0.54                1.69                0.05
Indicated                                               105.10           0.64               65.31                2.10

M+I                                                     108.23           0.63               67.00                2.15
Inferred                                                 83.80           0.51               43.07                1.38


Mineral Reserve Update
CSH Mine Mineral Reserves by category at December 31, 2020 under NI 43-101 are summarized below:

                                                                                                Metal
Type                                             Quantity Mt            Au g/t                Au t            Au Moz

Proven                                                    2.56           0.57                1.45                0.05
Probable                                                 52.80           0.66               35.08                1.13

Total                                                    55.35           0.66               36.53                1.17


The Jiama Mine
Jiama is a large copper-gold polymetallic deposit containing copper, gold, silver, molybdenum, lead, zinc and other
metals located in the Gandise metallogenic belt in Tibet Autonomous Region of China.

The Jiama Mine has both underground mining and open-pit mining operations. Phase I of the Jiama Mine commenced
operation in the latter half of 2010 and reached its design capacity of 6,000 tpd in early 2011. Phase II of the Jiama
Mine commenced mining operations in 2018 with 44,000 tpd design capacity. The combined mining and processing
capacity at the Jiama Mine is 50,000 tpd.




52      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The major new contracts entered into during the year ended December 31, 2020:

                                                                                                      Contract period
                                                                                   Subject amount     (effective day and
Item No.   Contract Name                      Counterpart                          (US$ millions)     expiration date)        Date of Contract

1          Steel ball purchase contract        Tongling Nonferrous Jinshen wear    Estimated: 2.9     2020.4.28 – 2020.10.27 2020.4.28
                                                  resistant materials Co., Ltd.
2          Steel ball purchase contract        Chinalco Industrial Services Co.,   Estimated: 3.0     2020.4.28 – 2020.10.27 2020.4.28
                                                  Ltd
3          Steel ball purchase contract        Chinalco Industrial Services Co.,   Estimated: 3.0     2020.6.6 – 2021.6.5     2020.6.6
                                                  Ltd
4          Production Technical Service        China Gold Group Inner Mongolia     Estimated: 4.2     2020.4.5 – 2021.4.4     2020.4.5
              Contract                            Mining Co., Ltd
5          Contract of pressure filtration     Tibet Tianchu LiuYe Construction    Estimated: 2.8     2020.6.30 – 2021.6.29   2020.6.30
              production and operation project    Industry Co., Ltd
              of No.1 processing plant
6          Blasting service contract           Tibet Zhongjin Xinlian Blasting     Estimated: 9.9     2020.1.1 – 2020.12.31   2020.1.1
                                                  Engineering Co., Ltd
7          Blasting service contract           Tibet Gaozheng Blasting             Estimated: 9.9     2020.1.1 – 2020.12.31   2020.1.1
                                                  Engineering Co., Ltd
8          Mixed ore sales contract            Tibet Hongshang Trade Co., Ltd.     Estimated: 42.4    2020.1.1 – 2020.12.31   2020.1.1
9          Raw ore sales contract              Tibet Hongshang Trade Co., Ltd.     Estimated: 4.2     2020.6.15 – 2023.6.14   2020.6.15
10         Mixed ore sales contract            Tibet Hongshang Trade Co., Ltd.     Estimated: 32.5    2020.5.1 – 2020.6.1     2020.5.1
11         Mixed ore sales contract            Tibet Mingchuan Trade Co., Ltd      Estimated: 381.4   2020.6.12 – 2023.6.11   2020.6.12
12         Molybdenum concentrate sales        Tibet Hongshang Trade Co., Ltd.     Estimated: 23.2    2020.7.15 – 2023.7.14   2020.7.15
              contract
13         Supplementary Agreement for 4-12 The 2nd Engineering Co.,Ltd Of         Estimated: 17.1    2020.11.1 – 2021.10.15 2020.1.1
              Slope Road 2000 Tons/Day            China Railway 17 Bureau Group
              Underground Mining Project (ie      Corporation
              4610 Flat Tunnel Deep Cutting
              and Mining Project)
14         Tibet Huatailong Mining             Zhejiang Hua Ye Mine Group          Estimated: 14.4    2020.5.21 – 2021.12.20 2020.7.4
              Development Co., Ltd. Jiama         Co.,Ltd
              Copper Polymetallic Mine
              4300m middle section deep
              development project (third bid
              section) contract
15         Tibet Huatailong Mining             Ycih Mining Engineering Co.,Ltd     Estimated: 13.5    2020.5.21 – 2021.12.20 2020.7.4
              Development Co., Ltd. Jiama
              Copper Polymetallic Mine
              4300m Middle Section Deep
              Development Project (Second
              Bid Section) Contract




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2020              53
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                                                     Contract period
                                                                                   Subject amount    (effective day and
Item No.     Contract Name                     Counterpart                         (US$ millions)    expiration date)         Date of Contract

16           Contract for purchase of Cement   Sichuan Jiu Tai Fu Xin Mining Co.   Estimated: 10.3   2020.8.18 – 2021.8.17    2020.8.18
                                                  Ltd
17           Blasting service contract         Tibet Gaozheng Blasting             Estimated: 10.1   2020.12.1 – 2021.11.30 2020.12.1
                                                  Engineering Co., Ltd
18           Blasting service contract         Tibet Zhongjin Xinlian Blasting     Estimated: 10.1   2020.12.1 – 2021.11.30 2020.12.1
                                                  Engineering Co., Ltd
19           Steel ball purchase contract      Chinalco Industrial Services Co.,   Estimated: 5.7    2020.9.30 – 2021.9.29    2020.9.30
                                                  Ltd
20           Contract for purchase of sodium   Fengshi Chemical (Shanghai) Co.,    Estimated: 4.9    2020.11.12 –             2020.11.12
               hydrosulfide                       Ltd                                                  2021.11.11
21           The first batch of chemical       Yunnan Tiefeng Mining & Chemical    Estimated: 3.4    2020.8.31 – 2021..8.30   2020.8.31
               purchase contract                  New Technology Co. Ltd
22           Contract for purchase of lime     Xizang Bai Chuan Trading Co. Ltd    Estimated: 3.0    2020.8.31 – 2021.8.30    2020.8.31
23           Contract for purchase of semi-    Citic Heavy Industries Co.,Ltd.     Estimated: 3.0    2020.9.8 – 2021.9.7      2020.9.8
               autogenous mill lining plate


In 2019, Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co. Ltd. (“Huatailong”), the company holds the Jiama mine, entered
into a cooperation agreement (the “Cooperation Agreement”) with an independent third party property developer,
Zhongxinfang Tibet Construction Investment Co., Ltd. (“Zhongxinfang”) in relation to the development of a composite
project in Lhasa, Tibet, China. Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the Huatailong agreed to transfer the land
use right for the development and the Zhongxinfang agreed to compensate the Huatailong by transferring a block of
the buildings and twenty car parks within two years from the date of the Cooperation Agreement and all related tax
exposures including but not limited to land appreciation tax, enterprises income tax and other related tax. The land use
right was transferred to the Zhongxinfang in 2019.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, there was a construction contract dispute between independent third
parties, the constructor, Huaxin Construction Group Co., Ltd. (formerly named as “Nantong Huaxin Construction Group
Co., Ltd.”) (“Huaxin”) and Zhongxinfang, and the Group’s subsidiary, Huatailong. The land use right was transferred
to Zhongxinfang in 2019 pursuant to the cooperation agreement signed between Zhongxinfang and Huatailong in
2019 in relation to the Land Exchange. Huaxin proceeded a lawsuit against the parties to the construction contract,
Zhongxinfang and Huatailong, for the recoverability of the construction costs of RMB149 million (equivalent to
US$21,319,000) and applied for pre-litigation preservation of assets from Huatailong. The Intermediate People’s Court
of Lhasa City, Tibet, adjudicated that the bank deposit of RMB140 million (equivalent to US$19,775,000) of Huatailong
to be frozen for one year from April 10, 2020 (the “1st Adjudication”). Based on the adjudication of the Intermediate
People’s Court of Lhasa City, Tibet after the 1st Adjudication on December 1, 2020 and related notice of execution
effective from December 3, 2020, the related frozen bank deposit of US$19,775,000 was released and reclassified from
restricted bank balances to cash and cash equivalents accordingly.




54         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Based on the first instance adjudication dated July 23, 2020 (the “First Instance Adjudication”), the litigation ruling
adjudicated that Zhongxinfang and Huatailong shall have the joint obligation for the construction costs of RMB140
million (equivalent to US$20,070,000) to Huaxin. Pursuant to the cooperation agreement signed between Zhongxinfang
and Huatailong in 2019, Huatailong is not involved in the construction process. The related costs are the sole
responsibilities of Zhongxinfang. Huatailong proceeded an appeal against the First Instance Adjudication on August 17,
2020 (the “Appeal”), and the High People’s Court of Lhasa City, Tibet entered the final instance adjudication dated
November 20, 2020 (the “Final Instance Adjudication”), that Huatailong has no obligation for the aforesaid construction
costs and rescinded the First Instance Adjudication.

Production Update
Jiama Mine                                Three months ended December 31,              Year ended December 31,
                                                     2020                2019                2020                2019

Ore processed (tonnes)                         4,064,717            2,179,358          14,990,810          12,348,777
Average copper ore grade (%)                        0.67                 0.72                0.67                0.64
Copper recovery rate (%)                              83                   84                  82                  79
Average gold grade (g/t)                            0.26                 0.34                0.27                0.29
Gold recovery rate (%)                                71                   73                  70                  60
Average silver grade (g/t)                         28.71                23.70               24.94               17.30
Silver recovery rate (%)                              63                   57                  61                  55
Average lead grade (%)                              0.78                    –                0.69                0.06
Lead recovery rate (%)                                74                    –                  70                  36
Average zinc grade (%)                              0.38                    –                0.36                0.03
Zinc recovery rate (%)                                68                    –                  64                  27
Average moly grade (%)                             0.004                    –               0.002               0.001
Moly recovery rate (%)                                31                    –                  60                  59


During the year ended December 31, 2020, the metals recovery rates increased significantly, with increases by 3%
for copper, 10% for gold, and 6% for silver, based on the continued optimization of operating parameters regime of
reagents, and the amelioration of steady flowsheet, as well as recoveries of lead, zinc and molybdenum.

Exploration
In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company continued the diamond drilling program, focusing on the well mineralized
zones as outlined based on the drilling program in 2019. Eight projected surface drill holes were completed, totaling
7,973.48+/-m, given six drill holes intersecting skarn deposit. The mineralization interceptions and sample assaying of
2020 drilling results will be analyzed together with 2019 exploration results to evaluate mineralization prospects.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2020     55
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Mineral Resources Estimate
Jiama Mine resources by category at December 31, 2020 under NI 43-101:

                                                  Jiama Project – Cu, Mo, Pb, Zn, Au, and Ag Mineral Resources under NI 43-101
                                                     Reported at a 0.3% Cu Equivalent Cut off grade*, as of December 31, 2020
                 Quantity                                                                         Cu Metal Mo Metal Pb Metal         Zn Metal
Class                 Mt         Cu %     Mo %       Pb %         Zn %      Au g/t      Ag g/t          (kt)       (kt)       (kt)       (kt)   Au Moz   Ag Moz

Measured           93.97         0.38      0.04      0.04        0.02        0.08        5.16       363.4        34.2        35.8       18.4     0.236    15.77
Indicated       1,344.54         0.40      0.03      0.05        0.03        0.10        5.66     5,420.8       459.0       724.3      456.1     4.510   247.43
M+I             1,438.51         0.40      0.03      0.05        0.03        0.10        5.63     5,784.2       493.2       760.1      474.5     4.746   263.20
Inferred           406.1         0.31      0.03      0.08        0.04        0.10        5.13       1,247       123.0         311        175     1.317    66.93


Note: Figures reported are rounded which may result in small tabulation errors.
        The Copper Equivalent basis for the reporting of resources has been compiled on the following basis:
        CuEq Grade: = (Ag Grade * Ag Price + Au Grade * Au Price + Cu Grade * Cu Price + Pb Grade * Pb Price +
                            Zn Grade * Zn Price + Mo Grade * Mo Price)/Copper Price




56          China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Mineral Reserves Estimate
Jiama Mine reserves by category at December 31, 2020 under NI 43-101:

                                           Jiama Project Statement of NI 43-101 Mineral Reserve Estimate as of December 31, 2020
                 Quantity                                                                     Cu Metal Mo Metal Pb Metal Zn Metal
Class                 Mt     Cu %      Mo %       Pb %         Zn %       Au g/t     Ag g/t         (kt)        (kt)       (kt)  (kt)   Au Moz   Ag Moz

Proven             19.21      0.60      0.05       0.03       0.02       0.20       8.03      115.4        9.3        5.8        3.9     0.123     4.96
Probable          370.53      0.60      0.03       0.12       0.07       0.17      10.51    2,221.7      124.2      461.5      258.7     2.016   125.22
P+P               389.74      0.60      0.03       0.12       0.07       0.17      10.39    2,337.1      133.5      467.3      262.6     2.139   130.18


Notes:
1.       All Mineral Reserves have been estimated in accordance with the JORC code and have been reconciled to CIM standards as prescribed
         by the NI 43-101.
2.       Mineral Reserves were estimated using the following mining and economic factors:
         Open Pits:
         a)    5% dilution factor and 95% recovery were applied to the mining method;
         b)    an overall slope angles of 43 degrees;
         c)    a copper price of US$2.9/lbs;
         d)    an overall processing recovery of 88 – 90% for copper
         Underground:
         a)    10% dilution added to all Sub-Level Open Stoping;
         b)    Stope recovery is 87% for Sub-Level Open Stoping;
         c)    An overall processing recovery of 88 – 90% for copper.
3.       The cut-off grade for Mineral Reserves has been estimated at copper equivalent grades of 0.3% Cu (NSR) for the open pits and 0.45%
         Cu (NSR) for the underground mine.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The Company operates in a capital intensive industry. The Company’s liquidity requirements arise principally from the
need for financing its mining and mineral processing operations, exploration activities and acquisition of exploration and
mining rights. The Company’s principal sources of funds have been proceeds from borrowing from commercial banks
in China, corporate bond financing, equity financings, and cash generated from operations. The Company’s liquidity
primarily depends on its ability to generate cash flow from its operations and to obtain external financing to meet its
debt obligations as they become due, as well as the Company’s future operating and capital expenditure requirements.

At December 31, 2020, the Company had an accumulated surplus of US$295.5 million, working capital of US$142.3
million and borrowings of US$1,225 million. The Company’s cash balance at December 31, 2020 was US$243.3
million.




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2020          57
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Management believes that its forecast operating cash flows are sufficient to cover the next twelve months of the
Company’s operations including its planned capital expenditures and current debt repayments. The Company’s
borrowings are comprised of US$296.6 million of 2.8% coupon rate unsecured bonds maturing on June 23, 2023, and
US$132.1 million of short term debt facilities with interest rates ranging from 1.20% to 4.51% per annum arranged
through various banks in China. In addition, on November 3, 2015, the Company entered into a Loan Facility agreement
with a syndicate of banks, led by Bank of China. The lenders agreed to lend an aggregate principle amount of RMB3.98
billion, approximately US$613 million with the interest rate of 2.83% per annum. The People’s Bank of China Lhasa
Center Branch’s interest rate serves as a local benchmark for the interest on the drawdowns. The bank’s interest rate
is then discounted by 7 basis points (or 0.07%) to calculate the interest on the drawdowns. The loan interest rate was
adjusted from benchmark interest rate minus 7 basis points to 5 year loan prime rate (“LPR”) less 2% (LPR-2%) in
second quarter of 2020. The interest rate of 2.65% shall be applied for the current year after converting. The proceeds
from the Loan Facility are to be used for the development of the Jiama Mine. The loan is secured by the mining
rights for the Jiama Mine. As of December 31, 2020 the Company has drawn down RMB 3,790 billion, approximately
US$580.9 million under the Loan Facility. On April 29, 2020, the Company entered into a Loan Facility agreement
with a syndicate of banks. The lenders agreed to lend an aggregate principal amount of RMB1.4 billion, approximately
US$197.8 million with the interest rate of 2.65% per annum currently, maturing on April 28, 2034. The company
obtained a loan in the aggregate principal amount of RMB400 million with China Development Bank bearing interest
at the People’s Bank of China Loan Market Quote Rate (1 year) minus 2.65% on April 30, 2020. The current interest
rate of the loan is 1.2% per annum. On July 6, 2020, the Company repaid the previously outstanding unsecured bonds
issued in 2017 with an aggregate principal amount of US$500 million and interest expense of US$8.125 million. The
Company believes that the availability of debt financing in China at favorable rates will continue for the foreseeable
future.

The Company continues to review and assess its assets for impairment as part of its financial reporting processes.
To date, the assessment carried out by the Company support the carrying values of the Company’s assets and no
impairment has been required. However, the management of the Company continues to evaluate key assumptions on
estimates and management judgements in order to determine the recoverable amount of the CSH Mine and the Jiama
Mine.

CASH FLOWS
The following table sets out selected cash flow data from the Company’s consolidated cash flow statements for the year
ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019.

                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                                            2020              2019
                                                                                        US$’000            US$’000

Net cash from operating activities                                                       260,456              158,312
Net cash used in investing activities                                                   (133,210)            (128,046)
Net cash (used in) from financing activities                                             (71,636)              14,982
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                 55,610               45,248
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                       5,388                 (954)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                           182,290              137,996

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                 243,288              182,290




58     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                             MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Operating cash flow
For the year ended December 31, 2020, net cash inflow from operating activities was US$260.5 million which
is primarily attributable to (i) profit before income tax of US$125.4 million (ii) depreciation of property, plant and
equipment of US$148.7 million (iii) finance cost of US$42.0 million and (iv) amortization of mining rights of US$38.0
million, partially offset by (i) interest paid of US$37.9 million (ii) income taxes paid of US$19.3 million, (iii) increase in
inventory of US$14.9 million, and (iv) increase in trade and other receivables of US$11.5 million.

Investing cash flow
For the year ended December 31, 2020, the net cash outflow from investing activities was US$133.2 million which
is primarily attributable to (i) payment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment of US$150.2 million, and (ii)
payment of restricted bank balance of US$101.1 million for bank notes, partially offset by release of restricted bank
balance of US$115.0 million for bank notes.

Financing cash flow
For the year ended December 31, 2020, the net cash outflow mainly from financing activities was US$71.6 million
which is primarily attributable to proceeds from borrowings of US$600.2 million which included the US$300 million
bond issuance on June 24, 2020 offset by repayment of borrowings of US$671.4 million.

Expenditures Incurred
For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company incurred mining costs of US$123.4 million, mineral processing
costs of US$140.1 million and transportation costs of US$6.3 million.

Gearing ratio
Gearing ratio is defined as the ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated total equity. As at December 31, 2020,
the Company’s total debt was US$1,225 million and the total equity was US$1,595 million. The Company’s gearing ratio
was therefore 0.77 as at December 31, 2020 and 0.86 as at December 31, 2019.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2020       59
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES.
ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES, AND FUTURE PLAN FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS
OF CAPITAL ASSETS
Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this MD&A or in the annual consolidated financial statements for year ended
December 31, 2020, there were no significant investments held by the Company, nor were there any material
acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the year ended December 31, 2020. Other
than as disclosed in this MD&A, there was no plan authorized by the Board for other material investments or additions
of capital assets at the date of this MD&A.

CHARGE ON ASSETS
Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this MD&A and annual consolidated financial statements, none of the Company’s
assets were pledged as at December 31, 2020.

EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN EXCHANGE RATES AND RELATED HEDGES
The Company is exposed to the financial risk related to the fluctuation of foreign exchange rates for the monetary assets
and liabilities denominated in the currencies other than the functional currencies to which they relate. The Company
has not hedged its exposure to currency fluctuation. However, the Management monitors foreign exchange exposure
and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise. Refer to Note 35, Financial
Instruments, in the annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020.

COMMITMENTS
Commitments include principal payments on the Company’s bank loans and syndicated loan facility, corporate bond,
and capital commitments in respect of the future acquisition of property, plant and equipment and construction for both
the CSH Mine and the Jiama Mine.

The Company’s capital commitments relate primarily to the payments for purchase of equipment and machinery for
both mines and payments to third-party contractors for the provision of mining and exploration engineering work
and mine construction work for both mines. The Company has entered into contracts that prescribe such capital
commitments; however, liabilities relating to them have not yet been incurred. Refer to Note 36, Commitments, in the
annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020.

On July 7, 2017, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Skyland Mining (BVI) Limited, issued bonds
denominated in U.S. dollar, with an aggregate principal amount of US$500 million. The Bonds were issued at a price
of 99.663%, bearing a coupon of 3.25% per annum with a maturity date of July 6, 2020. Interest is payable in semi-
annual installments on January 6 and July 6 of each year. The bonds were listed on HKSE and were repaid in their
entirety on maturity.

On June 24, 2020, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Skyland Mining (BVI) Limited, issued bonds
denominated in U.S. dollar, with an aggregate principal amount of US$300 million. The Bonds were issued at a price
of 99.886%, bearing a coupon of 2.8% per annum with a maturity date of June 23, 2023. Interest is payable in semi-
annual installments on December 23 and June 23 of each year. The bonds are listed on HKSE and Chongwa (Macao)
Financial Asset Exchange (“MOX”).




60     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The following table outlines payments for commitments for the periods indicated:

                                                                       Within          Within Two                 Over
                                                    Total            One year        to five years          five years
                                                 US$’000             US$’000             US$’000             US$’000

Principal repayment of bank loans                859,476              116,783            325,829             416,864
Repayment of bonds including interest            296,616                8,204            288,412                   –
Repayment of entrusted loan payable               30,652                    –             30,652                   –
Repayment of loans payable to
  a CNG subsidiary                                 38,305              15,316             22,989                    –

Total                                          1,225,049              140,303            667,882             416,864


Subsequent to the reporting period, the entrusted loan of RMB200 million (equivalent to approximately US$30,652,000)
was early repaid in full.

In addition to the table set forth above, the Company has entered into service agreements with third-party contractors
such as China Railway for the provision of mining and exploration engineering work and mine construction work for the
CSH Mine. The fees for such work performed and to be performed each year varies depending on the amount of work
performed. The Company has similar agreements with third party contractors for the Jiama Mine.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. (formerly known as China National Gold Group Corporation) (“CNG”) owned 40.01
percent of the outstanding common shares of the Company as at December 31, 2020 and 39.3 percent as at December
31, 2019.

The Company had major related party transactions with the following companies related by way of shareholders or
shareholder in common:

The Company’s subsidiary, Inner Mongolia Pacific is a party to a non-exclusive contract for the purchase and sale of
doré with CNG (the “Dore Sales Contract”) pursuant to which Inner Mongolia Pacific sells gold doré bars to CNG. The
pricing is based on the monthly average price of gold ingot as quoted on the Shanghai Gold Exchange and the daily
average price of silver as quoted on the Shanghai Huatong Platinum & Silver Exchange prevailing at the time of each
relevant purchase order during the contract period. The Dore Sales Contract has been in effect since October 24,
2008 and has been renewed for a current term that commenced on January 1, 2018 and expires on December 31,
2020, which renewal was approved by the Company’s shareholders on June 28, 2017. On June 16, 2020, the third
Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Dore was approved by the Company’s Shareholders, commencing on
January 1, 2021 and expiring on December 31, 2023.

Revenue from sales of gold doré bars to CNG was US$260.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 which
increased from US$205.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2019.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2020     61
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The Company is also a party to a Product and Service Framework Agreement with CNG, pursuant to which CNG
provides construction, procurement and equipment financing services to the Company and also purchases the copper
concentrates produced at the Jiama Mine. The quantity of copper concentrates, pricing terms and payment terms may
be established from time to time by the parties with reference to the pricing principles for connected transactions set
out under the Product and Service Framework Agreement. On June 28, 2017, the Supplemental Product and Service
Framework Agreement was approved and extended to expire on December 31, 2020. For the year ended December
31, 2020, revenue from sales of copper concentrate and other products to CNG was US$166.7 million, compared
to US$79.5 million for the same period in 2019. On June 16, 2020, the third Supplemental Product and Service
Framework Agreement was approved by the Company’s Shareholders, commencing on January 1, 2021 and expiring on
December 31, 2023.

For the year ended December 31, 2020, construction services of US$16.6 million were provided to the Company by
subsidiaries of CNG (US$9.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2019).

In addition to the aforementioned major related party transactions, the Company also obtains additional services from
related parties in its normal course of business, including a Loan Agreement and a Deposit Services Agreement entered
into on March 25, 2019, December 31, 2019, and December 22, 2020 among the Company and China Gold Finance.

Refer to Note 32 of the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020.

PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS
The Board of Directors has given the Company approval to conduct reviews of a number of projects that may qualify as
acquisition targets through joint venture, merger and/or outright acquisitions. The Company did not have any material
acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies for the year ended December 31, 2020. The
Company continues to review possible acquisition targets.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies, the Directors of the Company have identified accounting
judgments and key sources of estimation uncertainty that have a significant effect on the amounts recognized in the
audited annual consolidated financial statements.

Key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of each reporting
period that have a risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the
next twelve months are described in Note 4 of the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2020.

CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
A summary of new and revised IFRS standards and interpretations are outlined in Note 2 of the audited annual
consolidated financial statements as at December 31, 2020.




62     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS
The Company holds a number of financial instruments, the most significant of which are equity securities, accounts
receivables, accounts payables, cash and loans. The financial instruments are recorded at either fair values or amortized
amount on the balance sheet.

The Company did not have any financial derivatives or outstanding hedging contracts as at December 31, 2020.

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
As at December 31, 2020, the Company had not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements.

DIVIDEND AND DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has not paid any dividends since incorporation and does not currently have a fixed dividend policy.
The Board of Directors will determine any future dividend policy on the basis of, among other things, the results of
operations, cash flows and financial conditions, operating and capital requirements, the rules promulgated by the
regulators affecting dividends in both Canada and Hong Kong, China and at both the TSX and HKSE, and the amount
of distributable profits and other relevant factors.

Subject to the British Columbia Business Corporations Act, the Directors may from time to time declare and authorize
payment of such dividends as they may deem advisable, including the amount thereof and the time and method of
payment provided that the record date for the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to receive payment of the
dividend must not precede the date on which the dividend is to be paid by more than two months.

A dividend may be paid wholly or partly by the distribution of cash, specific assets or of fully paid shares or of bonds,
debentures or other securities of the Company, or in any one or more of those ways. No dividend may be declared or
paid in money or assets if there are reasonable grounds for believing that the Company is insolvent or the payment of
the dividend would render the Company insolvent.

In Connection with the financial results for the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company has declared a special
dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2020 of US$ 0.12 per common share, in an aggregate amount of
US$47,570,000, payable on May 30, 2021 to shareholders of record as of April 20, 2021. The Board of Directors will
determine any future dividends and dividend policy on the basis of earnings, financial requirements and other relevant
factors.

OUTSTANDING SHARES
As of December 31, 2020 the Company had 396,413,753 common shares issued and outstanding.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2020      63
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES AND INTERNAL CONTROL OVER
FINANCIAL REPORTING
Management is responsible for the design of disclosure controls and procedures (“DC&P”) and the design of internal
control over financial reporting (“ICFR”) to provide reasonable assurance that material information relating to the
Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the Company’s certifying officers. The Company’s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have each evaluated the Company’s DC&P and ICFR as of December
31, 2020 and, in accordance with the requirements established under Canadian National Instrument 52-109 –
Certification of Disclosure in Issuer’s Annual and Interim Filings, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that these controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2020, and provide reasonable
assurance that material information relating to the Company is made known to them by others within the Company and
that the information required to be disclosed in reports that are filed or submitted under Canadian securities legislation
are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in those rules.

The Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have used the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) 2013 framework to evaluate the Company’s ICFR as of December 31, 2020 and
have concluded that these controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2020 and provide reasonable
assurance that financial information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner. Management
is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. The
result of the inherent limitations in all control systems means design of controls cannot provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. During the year ended December 31, 2020, there were
no changes in the Company’s DC&P or ICFR that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

RISK FACTORS
There are certain risks involved in the Company’s operations, some of which are beyond the Company’s control. Aside
from risks relating to business and industry, the Company’s principal operations are located within the People’s Republic
of China and are governed by a legal and regulatory environment that in some respects differs from that which prevails
in other countries. Readers of this MD&A should give careful consideration to the information included in this document
and the Company’s audited annual consolidated financial statements and related notes. Significant risk factors for the
Company are metal prices, government regulations, foreign operations, environmental compliance, the ability to obtain
additional financing, risk relating to recent acquisitions, dependence on management, title to the Company’s mineral
properties, natural disasters, pandemics such as COVID-19 and litigation. China Gold International’s business, financial
condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks. For details of risk
factors, please refer to the Company’s annual audited consolidated financial statements, and Annual Information Form
filed from time to time on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and www.hkex.com.hk.

QUALIFIED PERSON
Disclosure of scientific or technical information in this MD&A was reviewed and approved by Mr. Zhongxin Guo, P.Eng.,
the Company’s Chief Engineer and a Qualified Person (“QP”) for the purposes of NI 43-101.

March 31, 2021




64     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD.

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 7 to 90, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at December 31, 2020, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the
year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at December 31, 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics
Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTER
Key audit matter is that matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on this matter.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2020      65
INDEPENDENT
INDEPENDENT      AUDITOR’S
            AUDITOR’S REPORT REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

KEY AUDIT MATTER (Cont’d)
Impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment, How our audit addressed the key audit matter
right-of-use assets and mining rights

We identified the impairment assessment of property, plant and        Our procedures in relation to the impairment
equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights as a key audit       assessment of property, plant and equipment, right-
matter due to significant management judgement and estimation         of-use assets and mining rights included:
involved in the impairment assessment.
                                                                      •    Obtaining an understanding of the key controls
As at December 31, 2020, the market capitalisation of the                  over the impairment assessment of the
Company was below the carrying value of its net assets of                  Group’s property, plant and equipment, right-
approximately US$1,595 million. This may be an indicator                   of-use assets and mining rights;
that the carrying amounts of the Group’s property, plant and
                                                                      •    Assessing the appropriateness of the Group’s
equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights are impaired.
                                                                           identification of individual CGU;
As disclosed in notes 21, 19 and 22 to the consolidated financial
                                                                      •    Evaluating the independent external valuer’s
statements, the carrying values of the Group’s property, plant
                                                                           competence, capabilities and objectivity;
and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights as at
December 31, 2020 were approximately US$1,809 million,                •    Engaging our internal valuation experts to
US$14 million and US$867 million, respectively.                            evaluate the appropriateness of the valuation
                                                                           methodology, technical information provided
The Group’s two cash-generating units (“CGUs”) for impairment
                                                                           by the external valuation expert and the key
assessment purposes include mining rights, the related property,
                                                                           assumptions used in the valuation models
plant and equipment and right-of-use assets associated with the
                                                                           against external benchmarks, our knowledge
Group’s gold mine, located in Inner Mongolia, China and copper
                                                                           of the Group and its industry;
mine, located in Tibet, China. When an impairment review is
undertaken, recoverable amount is assessed with reference to          •    Evaluating the sensitivity analysis for the key
the higher of value in use (“VIU”) and fair value less costs of            assumptions in the valuation models for risk
disposal. VIU is based on the discounted cash flows expected               assessment;
to be derived from the Group’s CGUs, taking into account the
appropriate discount rate.                                            •    Assessing the reasonableness of the key
                                                                           assumptions used in the valuation models with
As disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements,           reference to the historical accuracy of such
the management exercises significant judgement and estimation              forecasts and the current operational results;
in respect of the key assumptions applied in the VIU calculation,          and
such as future metal selling prices, recoverable reserves,
resources, exploration potential, production cost estimates, future   •    Comparing the input data in the cash flow
operating costs and discount rates.                                        forecast to the source documents.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, no impairment loss
was recognised for the Group’s property, plant and equipment,
right-of-use assets and mining rights.




66     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to
report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,
and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2020      67
INDEPENDENT
INDEPENDENT      AUDITOR’S
            AUDITOR’S REPORT REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Cont’d)
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
     resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
     omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
     related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
     the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
     significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
     exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
     financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
     the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause
     the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
     a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
     within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
     direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.




68     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Cont’d)
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
safeguards applied.

From the matter communicated with those charged with governance, we determine that matter that was of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and is therefore the key audit
matter. We describe this matter in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits
of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Wong Ka I.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu

Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong

March 31, 2021




                                                                                            Annual Report 2020     69
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




                                                                                2020        2019
                                                                      NOTES   US$’000     US$’000


Revenue                                                                 5      864,032     657,459
Cost of sales                                                                 (654,178)   (593,246)


Mine operating earnings                                                       209,854      64,213


Expenses
  General and administrative expenses                                   6      (36,661)    (50,069)
  Exploration and evaluation expenditure                                7         (477)       (502)
  Research and development expenses                                            (18,500)    (16,905)
                                                                               (55,638)    (67,476)


Income (loss) from operations                                                 154,216       (3,263)


Other income (expenses)
  Foreign exchange gain (loss), net                                              3,403      (7,668)
  Gain on recognition of other assets                                  23            –      25,312
  Interest and other income                                                      9,825       3,305
  Finance costs                                                         8      (42,014)    (42,528)


                                                                               (28,786)    (21,579)


Profit (loss) before income tax                                               125,430      (24,842)
Income tax expense                                                      9     (11,492)      (7,309)


Profit (loss) for the year                                             10     113,938      (32,151)


Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
   Fair value gain (loss) on equity instruments at fair value
     through other comprehensive income                                          3,530      (1,170)
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange difference arising on translation of foreign operations            27,689       (5,085)


Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year                             145,157      (38,406)




70      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




                                                                        2020               2019
                                                    NOTES             US$’000            US$’000


Profit (loss) for the year attributable to:
  Non-controlling interests                                             1,976                686
  Owners of the Company                                               111,962            (32,837)


                                                                      113,938            (32,151)


Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year
  attributable to:
  Non-controlling interests                                             1,972                690
  Owners of the Company                                               143,185            (39,096)


                                                                      145,157            (38,406)


Earnings (loss) per share – Basic (US cents)         13                  28.24               (8.28)


Weighted average number of common shares
 – Basic                                             13           396,413,753        396,413,753




                                                                        Annual Report 2020     71
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AT DECEMBER 31, 2020




                                                                   2020        2019
                                                        NOTES    US$’000     US$’000


Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                14      243,288     182,290
Restricted bank balances                                 14        5,069      17,687
Trade, bills and other receivables                       15       35,760      26,011
Prepaid expenses and deposits                            17        3,309      12,271
Inventories                                              18      297,694     281,123


                                                                 585,120     519,382


Non-current assets
Prepaid expenses and deposits                            17        2,575      19,044
Right-of-use assets                                      19       14,244      13,869
Equity instruments at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                   20        20,824      17,059
Property, plant and equipment                            21     1,808,961   1,709,449
Mining rights                                            22       867,259     900,373
Deferred tax assets                                      9          4,463           –
Other non-current assets                                 23        19,196      17,954


                                                                2,737,522   2,677,748


Total assets                                                    3,322,642   3,197,130


Current liabilities
Accounts and other payables and accrued expenses         24      280,592     296,403
Contract liabilities                                     25        2,878       6,783
Borrowings                                               26      140,303     582,952
Entrusted loan payable                                   27            –      28,669
Lease liabilities                                        28           95          89
Tax liabilities                                                   18,905      13,850


                                                                 442,773     928,746


Net current assets (liabilities)                                 142,347    (409,364)


Total assets less current liabilities                           2,879,869   2,268,384




72      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                        AT DECEMBER 31, 2020




                                                                                    2020               2019
                                                               NOTES              US$’000            US$’000


Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                                       26             1,054,094            632,149
Lease liabilities                                                28                   352                444
Deferred tax liabilities                                         9                111,306            119,293
Deferred income                                                  29                 2,333              2,686
Entrusted loan payable                                           27                30,652                  –
Environmental rehabilitation                                     30                85,663             63,145


                                                                                1,284,400            817,717


Total liabilities                                                               1,727,173          1,746,463


Owners’ equity
Share capital                                                    31             1,229,061          1,229,061
Reserves                                                                           53,918              6,791
Retained profits                                                                  295,543            199,485


                                                                                1,578,522          1,435,337
Non-controlling interests                                                          16,947             15,330


Total owners’ equity                                                            1,595,469          1,450,667


Total liabilities and owners’ equity                                            3,322,642          3,197,130


The consolidated financial statements on pages 7 to 90 were approved and authorized for issue by the Board of
Directors on March 31, 2021 and are signed on its behalf by:




                        Liangyou Jiang                                     Yingbin Ian He
                           Director                                           Director




                                                                                    Annual Report 2020    73
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




                                                                                             Attributable to the owners of the Company
                                                                                            Investments                                                                     Non–        Total
                                                           Number       Share      Equity    revaluation      Exchange         Statutory     Retained                 controlling     owners’
                                                         of shares     capital    reserve        reserve        reserve        reserves        profits    Subtotal      interests      equity
                                                                      US$’000    US$’000       US$’000        US$’000          US$’000       US$’000      US$’000       US$’000      US$’000
                                                                                                                                 (Note)

At January 1, 2019                                    396,413,753    1,229,061    11,179         (1,791)       (15,244)         21,426       229,802     1,474,433       14,805     1,489,238


(Loss) profit for the year                                      –            –         –              –               –                  –   (32,837)      (32,837)         686       (32,151)
Fair value loss on equity instruments at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                            –            –         –         (1,170)             –                   –          –       (1,170)            –       (1,170)
Exchange difference arising on translation                      –            –         –              –         (5,089)                  –          –       (5,089)            4       (5,085)


Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year               –            –         –         (1,170)        (5,089)                  –   (32,837)      (39,096)         690       (38,406)
Transfer from
  – safety production fund                                      –            –         –              –               –          (1,956)       1,956             –             –            –
Dividend paid to a non-controlling shareholder                  –            –         –              –               –               –            –             –          (165)        (165)
Transfer upon disposal of investment in
  an equity security                                            –            –         –           (564)              –                  –       564             –             –            –


At December 31, 2019                                  396,413,753    1,229,061    11,179         (3,525)       (20,333)         19,470       199,485     1,435,337       15,330     1,450,667


Profit for the year                                             –            –         –              –               –                  –   111,962      111,962         1,976      113,938
Fair value gain on equity instruments at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                            –            –         –         3,530               –                   –          –       3,530              –       3,530
Exchange difference arising on translation                      –            –         –             –          27,693                   –          –      27,693             (4)     27,689


Total comprehensive income for the year                         –            –         –         3,530          27,693                   –   111,962      143,185         1,972      145,157
Transfer to statutory reserve
  – appropriation from retained profits                         –            –         –              –               –         14,519       (14,519)            –             –            –
Transfer to
  – safety production fund                                      –            –         –              –               –           1,385        (1,385)           –             –            –
Dividend paid to a non-controlling shareholder                  –            –         –              –               –               –             –            –          (355)        (355)


At December 31, 2020                                  396,413,753    1,229,061    11,179              5          7,360          35,374       295,543     1,578,522       16,947     1,595,469


Note: Statutory reserves which consist of (1) appropriations from the profit after taxation of the subsidiaries established in the People’s
          Republic of China (“PRC”) and (2) provision of safety production fund of the subsidiaries engaged in the exploration and development
          in the mining industry, form part of the equity of PRC subsidiaries. In accordance with the PRC Company Law and the Articles of
          Association of the PRC subsidiaries, the PRC subsidiaries are required to appropriate an amount equal to a minimum of 10% of their
          profits after taxation each year to a statutory reserve until the reserve reaches 50% of the registered capital of the respective subsidiaries.
          In accordance with the ‘implementation of entities’ safety production funds management’ of Caiqi (2012) No.16 issued by Ministry
          of Finance of the PRC Company Law and the Articles of Association of the PRC subsidiaries, the PRC subsidiaries are required to
          appropriate an amount, equal to RMB5 per ton multiplied by the volume of ore mined less actual payment, each year to a statutory
          reserve and utilise an amount when the actual payment is more than RMB5 per ton multiplied by the volume of ore mined.



74            China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




                                                                                        2020               2019
                                                                                      US$’000            US$’000


Operating activities
Profit (loss) before income tax                                                       125,430            (24,842)
Items not requiring use of cash and cash equivalents:
   Amortisation of mining rights                                                       38,021             29,397
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                      148,672            143,951
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                    492                479
   Interest income                                                                     (3,889)            (1,712)
   Dividend income                                                                       (545)              (592)
   Finance costs                                                                       42,014             42,528
   Allowance for credit losses of trade, bills and other receivables, net                  37                 25
   Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                       10                358
   Gain on recognition of other assets                                                      –            (25,312)
   Release of deferred income                                                            (772)              (824)
   Unrealised foreign exchange (gains) losses, net                                     (6,337)             7,664


                                                                                      343,133            171,120
Change in operating working capital items:
  Trade, bills and other receivables                                                   (11,504)               4,902
  Prepaid expenses and deposits                                                          3,239               13,515
  Inventories                                                                          (14,931)                 679
  Contract liabilities                                                                  (4,461)               2,174
  Accounts and other payables and accrued expenses                                       2,209               16,087


Cash generated from operations                                                        317,685            208,477
Environmental rehabilitation expense paid                                                 (60)               (66)
Interest paid                                                                         (37,886)           (47,677)
Income taxes paid                                                                     (19,283)            (2,422)


Net cash from operating activities                                                    260,456            158,312




                                                                                        Annual Report 2020      75
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




                                                                         2020        2019
                                                                       US$’000     US$’000


Investing activities
Interest received                                                         3,889       1,712
Dividend received                                                           545         592
Payment for acquisition of mining rights                                 (1,207)     (2,787)
Payment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment               (150,183)   (127,857)
Payment for capital injection of equity investment at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                      (184)          –
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                      10          14
Proceeds from disposal of equity investment at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                         –       2,023
Placement of restricted bank balances                                  (101,132)   (128,289)
Release of restricted bank balances                                     114,973     126,420
Receipt of government grant                                                  79         126


Net cash used in investing activities                                  (133,210)   (128,046)


Financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings                                                600,195     122,570
Repayments of borrowings                                               (671,374)   (107,339)
Dividend paid to a non-controlling shareholder                             (355)       (165)
Repayments of lease liabilities                                            (102)        (84)


Net cash (used in) from financing activities                            (71,636)    14,982


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                               55,610      45,248
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                           182,290     137,996
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents     5,388        (954)


Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                 243,288     182,290




76     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




1.   GENERAL
     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd., (the “Company”) is a publicly listed company incorporated in
     British Columbia, Canada on May 31, 2000 with limited liability under the legislation of the Province of British
     Columbia and its shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
     (the “Stock Exchange”). The Company together with its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) is
     principally engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and mining of mineral resources in the PRC.
     Particulars of the subsidiaries of the Company are set out in note 39. The Group considers that China National
     Gold Group Co., Ltd. (formerly known as China National Gold Group Corporation) (“CNG”), a state owned
     company registered in Beijing, the PRC which is controlled by State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
     Commission of the State Council of the PRC, is able to exercise significant influence over the Company.

     The head office, principal address and registered and records office of the Company are located at Suite 660, One
     Bentall Centre, 505 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V7X 1M4.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in United States Dollars (“US$”) which is also the functional
     currency of the Company.

2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)
     Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     In the current year, the Group has applied the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRSs
     and the following amendments to IFRSs issued by International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) for the
     first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or after January 1, 2020 for the
     preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

     Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8               Definition of Material
     Amendments to IFRS 3                        Definition of a Business
     Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39                Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
       and IFRS 7

     Except as described below, the application of the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in
     IFRSs and the amendments to IFRSs in the current year had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions
     and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial
     statements.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2020     77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Cont’d)
     Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (Cont’d)
     Impacts on application of Amendments to IFRS 3 Definition of a Business
     The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments clarify that while
     businesses usually have outputs, outputs are not required for an integrated set of activities and assets to qualify
     as a business. To be considered a business, an acquired set of activities and assets must include, at a minimum,
     an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.

     The amendments remove the assessment of whether market participants are capable of replacing any missing
     inputs or processes and continuing to produce outputs. The amendments also introduce additional guidance that
     helps to determine whether a substantive process has been acquired.

     In addition, the amendments introduce an optional concentration test that permits a simplified assessment of
     whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. Under the optional concentration test, the
     acquired set of activities and assets is not a business if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets
     acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar assets. The gross assets under
     assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of
     deferred tax liabilities. The election on whether to apply the optional concentration test is available on transaction-
     by-transaction basis.

     The amendments had no impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group but may impact future
     periods should the Group make any acquisition.




78     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Cont’d)
     New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but are not
     yet effective:

     IFRS 17                                                    Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments1
     Amendment to IFRS 16                                       Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions4
     Amendments to IFRS 3                                       Reference to the Conceptual Framework2
     Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7,                      Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 25
       IFRS 4 and IFRS 16
     Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                           Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
                                                                  and its Associate or Joint Venture3
     Amendments to IAS 1                                        Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current1
     Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice                      Disclosure of Accounting Policies1
      Statement 2
     Amendments to IAS 8                                        Definition of Accounting Estimates1
     Amendments to IAS 16                                       Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use2
     Amendments to IAS 37                                       Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract2
     Amendments to IFRSs                                        Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018 – 20202

     1    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023
     2    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022
     3    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
     4    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after June 1, 2020
     5    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2021



     Except for the amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the
     application of all other new and amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial
     statements in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020   79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Cont’d)
     New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective (Cont’d)
     Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
     The amendments provide clarification and additional guidance on the assessment of a right to defer settlement for
     at least twelve months from the reporting date for classification of liabilities as current or non-current, which:

     •      specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current should be based on rights that are in
            existence at the end of the reporting period. Specifically, the amendments clarify that:

            (i)    the classification should not be affected by management intentions or expectations to settle the liability
                   within 12 months; and

            (ii)   if the right is conditional on the compliance with covenants, the right exists if the conditions are met at
                   the end of the reporting period, even if the lender does not test compliance until a later date; and

     •      clarify that if a liability has terms that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by the
            transfer of the entity’s own equity instruments, these terms do not affect its classification as current or non-
            current only if the entity recognises the option separately as an equity instrument applying IAS 32 Financial
            Instruments: Presentation.

     Based on the Group’s outstanding liabilities as at December 31, 2020, the application of the amendments will not
     result in reclassification of the Group’s liabilities.

     Amendments to IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment – Proceeds before Intended Use
     The amendments specify that the costs of any item that were produced while bringing an item of property, plant
     and equipment to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended
     by management (such as samples produced when testing whether the relevant property, plant and equipment is
     functioning properly) and the proceeds from selling such items should be recognised and measured in the profit
     or loss in accordance with applicable standards. The cost of the items are measured in accordance with IAS 2
     Inventories.

     The Group’s existing accounting policy is to account for sale proceeds on samples produced during testing as
     reduction of cost of the relevant property, plant and equipment. Upon application of the amendments, such sale
     proceeds and the related costs will be included in profit and loss with corresponding adjustments to the cost
     of property, plant and equipment. For the year ended December 31, 2020, no such sale was recognised in the
     consolidated financial statements.




80       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     Basic of preparation of consolidated financial statements
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB. For
     the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such
     information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated
     financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
     the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (“CO”).

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial
     instruments, which are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting
     policies below.

     Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
     between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
     estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes
     into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into
     account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure
     purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based
     payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are
     within the scope of IFRS 16 Leases, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair
     value, such as net realizable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

     In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on
     the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to
     the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

     •    Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
          entity can access at the measurement date;

     •    Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset
          or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

     •    Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2020       81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Significant accounting policies

     Basis of consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled
     by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

     •      has power over the investee;

     •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

     •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
     changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

     Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
     Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of
     during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from
     the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

     Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and
     to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the
     Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit
     balance.

     Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
     policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

     All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
     members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which represent
     present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries
     upon liquidation.




82       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Revenue from contracts with customers
     The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods
     or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

     A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series
     of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
     satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

     •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as
          the Group performs;

     •    the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

     •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has
          an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or
     service.

     A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group
     has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with
     IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (“IFRS 9”). In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
     consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

     A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the
     Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

     A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a net
     basis.

     For contracts where the period between payment and transfer of the associated goods or services is less than one
     year, the Group applies the practical expedient for not adjusting the transaction price for any significant financing
     component.

     Revenue is recognised at a point in time when control of the gold doré bars, copper and other by-products is
     passed to customers, i.e. when the products are delivered and titles have passed to customers.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2020      83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Leases
     Definition of a lease
     A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
     period of time in exchange for consideration.

     For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application or arising from business
     combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16
     at inception or modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed unless
     the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

     The Group as a lessee
     Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
     For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the
     Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone
     price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

     The Group also applies the practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from a lease component,
     and instead account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease
     component.

     Short-term leases
     The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of office premises that have a lease term
     of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. Lease payments on
     short-term leases are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis over the lease
     term.

     Right-of-use assets
     The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

     •      the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

     •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

     •      any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

     •      an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets,
            restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the
            terms and conditions of the lease.

     Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted
     for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.




84       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Leases (Cont’d)
     The Group as a lessee (Cont’d)
     Right-of-use assets (Cont’d)
     Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at
     the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-
     of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease
     term.

     The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

     Refundable rental deposits
     Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to
     fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use
     assets.

     Lease liabilities
     At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value
     of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses
     the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not
     readily determinable.

     The lease payments include:

     •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;

     •     variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at
           the commencement date;

     •     amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;

     •     the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the option; and

     •     payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an option to
           terminate the lease.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2020      85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Leases (Cont’d)
     The Group as a lessee (Cont’d)
     Lease liabilities (Cont’d)
     After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments. The Group
     remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets) whenever:

     •      the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in
            which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a
            revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

     •      the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review in which
            case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial
            discount rate.

     The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

     Lease modifications
     The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

     •      the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets;
            and

     •      the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the
            increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of
            the particular contract.

     For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability,
     less any lease incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised
     lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

     The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the
     relevant right-of-use asset.




86       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Foreign currencies
     In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
     functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the
     dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies
     are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated
     in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-
     monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

     Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are
     recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

     For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
     operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. US$) using exchange rates prevailing at
     the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates for the
     period. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in
     equity under the heading of exchange reserve (attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).

     Borrowing costs
     Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are
     assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to
     the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale, which
     includes completion of all necessary activities to bring the assets to readiness of fulfilling relevant regulatory
     requirements and obtaining relevant regulatory consent.

     Any specific borrowing that remains outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or sale is
     included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of a capitalisation rate on general borrowings. Investment
     income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets
     is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation. All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or
     loss in the period in which they are incurred.

     Taxation
     Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

     The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/(loss) before
     income tax because of income or expense that is taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never
     taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
     substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2020       87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Taxation (Cont’d)
     Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
     the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
     Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are
     generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits
     will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Such deferred tax assets
     and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary differences arise from the initial recognition (other than in a
     business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor accounting
     profit.

     Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
     except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the
     temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible
     temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that
     there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilize the benefits of the temporary difference and they are
     expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

     The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced to the
     extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to
     be recovered.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
     which the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
     substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

     The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
     manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of
     its assets and liabilities.

     For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-use
     assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to
     the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

     For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies IAS
     12 Income Taxes requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. Temporary differences on
     initial recognition of the relevant right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognised due to application of
     the initial recognition exemption. Temporary differences arising from subsequent revision to the carrying amounts
     of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, resulting from remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease modifications,
     that are not subject to initial recognition exemption are recognised on the date of remeasurement or modification.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
     against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same
     taxation authority.




88     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Taxation (Cont’d)
     Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss.

     In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable that the
     relevant tax authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use by individual group
     entities in their income tax filings. If it is probable, the current and deferred taxes are determined consistently with
     the tax treatment in the income tax filings. If it is not probable that the relevant taxation authority will accept an
     uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each uncertainty is reflected by using either the most likely amount or the
     expected value.

     Government grants
     Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the
     conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

     Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group
     recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically,
     government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire
     non-current assets are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial position and
     transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

     Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred
     or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised
     in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under “other income”.

     Retirement benefit costs
     Payments to state-managed retirement benefit scheme are recognised as an expense when employees have
     rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

     Short-term employee benefits
     Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as
     and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless
     another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

     A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and annual leave) after
     deducting any amount already paid.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2020       89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Inventories
     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Costs of inventories are determined using
     the weighted average cost method. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
     business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

     Gold in process inventory
     Gold in process inventory consists of gold contained in the ore on leach pads and in-circuit material within
     processing operations. Gold doré bar is gold awaiting refinement and gold refined and ready for sales.

     Production costs are capitalised and included in gold in process inventory based on the current mining and
     processing cost incurred up to the point prior to the refining process including the cost of raw materials and direct
     labour; mine-site overhead expenses; stripping costs; and allocated indirect costs, including depreciation and
     depletion of mining interests.

     Gold doré bars inventory
     The recovery of gold from ore is achieved through a heap leaching process. Under this method, ore is placed on
     leach pads where it is treated with a chemical solution which dissolves the gold contained in the ore. The resulting
     “pregnant” solution is further processed in a plant where the gold is recovered. Costs are subsequently recycled
     from ore on leach pads as ounces of gold are recovered based on the average cost per recoverable ounce on the
     leach pad. Estimates of recoverable gold on the leach pads are calculated from the quantities of ore placed on the
     leach pads (measured in tonnes added to the leach pads), the grade of the ore placed on the leach pads (based
     on assay data), and a recovery percentage (based on ore type).

     Others
     Copper inventory is copper and other by-products after metallurgical processing and ready for sales. Consumables
     used in operations, such as fuel, chemicals, and reagents and spare parts inventory are valued at the lower of
     cost or net realizable value.

     Provisions
     Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past
     event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made
     of the amount of the obligation.

     The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present
     obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the
     obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its
     carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).




90     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Property, plant and equipment
     General
     Property, plant and equipment (other than construction in progress as described below) are stated in the
     consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation, depletion and
     impairment losses, if any.

     An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
     are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement
     of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the
     carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

     Expenditures incurred to replace a component of an item of property, plant and equipment that is accounted
     for separately, including major inspection and overhaul expenditures, are capitalised and the carrying amount of
     the component being replaced is derecognised. Directly attributable costs incurred for major capital projects and
     site preparation are capitalised until the asset is brought to a working condition for its intended use. These costs
     include dismantling and site restoration costs to the extent these are recognised as a provision.

     Ownership interests in leasehold land and building
     When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which include both leasehold land and
     building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in
     proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can
     be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of
     financial position. When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably between the non-lease building element
     and the undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire property is classified as property, plant and
     equipment.

     The management of the Group (the “Management”) reviews the estimated useful lives, residual values and
     depreciation methods of the Group’s property, plant and equipment at the end of each reporting period and when
     events and circumstances indicate that such a review should be made. Changes to estimated useful lives, residual
     values or depreciation methods resulting from such review are accounted for prospectively.

     All direct costs related to the acquisition of mineral assets are capitalised, at their cost at the date of acquisition.

     Construction in progress
     Assets under construction are capitalised as construction in progress until the asset is available for use. The
     cost of construction in progress is comprised of the purchase price of crushers, and machinery and equipment,
     any costs directly attributable to the construction to bring it into working condition for its intended use and for
     qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Construction
     in progress amounts related to development projects are included in the carrying amount of the construction in
     progress.

     The Company uses the following factors to assess whether the criteria of construction completion and ready
     for intended use have been met such that construction in progress is classified to the appropriate category of
     property, plant and equipment: (1) the completion of the construction as planned; and (2) the completion of
     testing of mine plant and equipment which demonstrates their ability to sustain ongoing production of minerals,
     and ability to produce minerals in saleable form (within specifications).
                                                                                         Annual Report 2020     91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Property, plant and equipment (Cont’d)
     Exploration and evaluation expenditure
     Drilling and related costs incurred on sites without an existing mine and on areas outside the boundary of a known
     mineral deposit which contains proven and probable reserves are exploration and evaluation expenditure and are
     expensed as incurred up to the date on which costs incurred are economically recoverable. Further exploration
     and evaluation expenditures, subsequent to the establishment of economic recoverability, are capitalised and
     included in the carrying amount of the mineral assets.

     The Management evaluates the following criteria in its assessment of economic recoverability and probability of
     future economic benefit:

     •      Geology – whether or not there is sufficient geologic and economic certainty of being able to convert a
            residual mineral deposit into a proven and probable reserve at a development stage or production stage
            mine, based on the known geology and metallurgy. A history of conversion of resources to reserves at
            operating mines is used to support the likelihood of conversion.

     •      Scoping – there is a scoping study or preliminary feasibility study that demonstrates the additional resources
            will generate a positive commercial outcome. Known metallurgy provides a basis for concluding there is a
            significant likelihood of being able to recoup the incremental costs of extraction and production.

     •      Accessible facilities – mining property can be processed economically at accessible mining and processing
            facilities where applicable.

     •      Life of mine plans – an overall life of mine plan and economic model to support the mine and the economic
            extraction of resources/reserves exists. A long-term life of mine plan, and supporting geological model
            identifies the drilling and related development work required to expand or further define the existing orebody.

     •      Authorizations – operating permits and feasible environmental programs exist or are obtainable.

     Therefore prior to capitalising exploration drilling and related costs, the Management determines that the following
     conditions have been met that will contribute to future cash flows:

     •      There is a probable future benefit that will contribute to future cash inflows;

     •      The Group can obtain the benefit and controls access to it;

     •      The transaction or event giving rise to the future benefit has already occurred; and

     •      Costs incurred can be measured reliably.

     Development expenditure
     Drilling and related costs incurred to define and delineate a mineral deposit are capitalised as part of mineral
     assets in the period incurred, when the Management determines that there is sufficient evidence that the
     expenditure will result in a probable future economic benefit to the Group.




92       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Property, plant and equipment (Cont’d)
     Production expenditure
     A mine that is under construction is determined to enter the production stage when the project is in the position
     and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by the Management. Therefore,
     such costs incurred are capitalised as part of the mineral assets and the proceeds from sales prior to commercial
     production (if any) are offset against costs capitalised.

     Mine development costs incurred to maintain current production are included in cost of inventories. For those
     areas being developed which will be mined in future periods, the costs incurred are capitalised and depleted
     when the related mining area is mined.

     Depreciation
     Mineral assets are depreciated using the unit-of-production method based on the actual production volume over
     the estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves at the related mine when the
     mine is capable of operating as intended by the Management.

     The Management reviews the estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves at the
     end of each reporting period and when events and circumstances indicate that such a review should be made.
     Changes to estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves are accounted for
     prospectively.

     Assets under construction are not depreciated until they are substantially complete and available for their intended
     use.

     Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the
     assets.

     Mining rights
     Mining rights are amortised using the unit-of-production method based on the actual production volume over the
     estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves at the related mine.

     Mining rights acquired in a business combination
     Mining rights acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially
     recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

     Subsequent to initial recognition, mining rights with finite useful lives are carried at costs less accumulated
     amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is provided using the unit-of-production
     method based on the actual production volume over the estimated total proven and probable reserves of the ore
     mines.

     Other non-current assets
     The right to receive a block of buildings and twenty car parks included under “other non-current assets” is carried
     at cost less accumulated impairment if any.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2020      93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, mining rights and other
     non-current assets
     At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and equipment,
     right-of-use assets, mining rights and other non-current assets to determine whether there is any indication
     that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the
     relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any.

     The recoverable amounts of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, mining rights and other non-
     current assets are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually,
     the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. In testing a
     cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-generating unit when a
     reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest
     group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be established. The
     recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the
     corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group
     of cash-generating units.

     Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use,
     the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
     current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating
     unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount,
     the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate
     assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-
     generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units, including the
     carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating
     units, with the recoverable amount of the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the
     impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the
     other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-
     generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of
     disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would
     otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of
     cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit
     or a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that
     the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no
     impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) in
     prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.




94    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Research and development expenses
     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

     An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of an
     internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

     •     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

     •     the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

     •     the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

     •     how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

     •     the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use
           or sell the intangible asset; and

     •     the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.

     The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred
     from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-
     generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the period
     in which it is incurred.

     Financial instruments
     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
     provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and
     derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that
     require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising
     from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts
     with Customers (“IFRS 15”). Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial
     assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
     (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate,
     on initial recognition.

     The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
     liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
     rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points
     paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or
     discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter
     period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2020        95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets
     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

     •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and

     •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
            interest on the principal amount outstanding.

     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
     comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):

     •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and collecting
            contractual cash flows; and

     •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
            interest on the principal amount outstanding.

     All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a financial
     asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other
     comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised
     by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

     In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that is required to be measured at the amortised
     cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

     (i)    Amortised cost and interest income

            Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently
            at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
            amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see
            below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by
            applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period.
            If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer
            credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
            amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the
            asset is no longer credit-impaired.




96       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets (Cont’d)
     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Cont’d)
     (ii)   Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

            Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses
            arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
            investments revaluation reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or
            loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to
            retained profits.

            Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s
            right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the
            cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the “Interest and other income” line item in profit or loss.

     Impairment of financial assets
     The Group performs impairment assessments using expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets (including
     trade receivables, bills receivables, other receivables, amounts due from related companies, cash and cash
     equivalents and restricted bank balances) which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount
     of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

     Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the
     relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
     expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessments are
     done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors,
     general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the
     forecast of future conditions.

     The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables which are assessed individually.

     For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has been a
     significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The
     assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk
     of a default occurring since initial recognition.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2020       97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets (Cont’d)
     Impairment of financial assets (Cont’d)
     (i)   Significant increase in credit risk

           In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares
           the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
           occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the
           Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including
           historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

           In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
           increased significantly:

           •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or
                 internal credit rating;

           •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the
                 credit spread or the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

           •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to
                 cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

           •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

           •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                 environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                 obligations.

           Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased
           significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the
           Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

           The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
           significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of
           identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.




98     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets (Cont’d)
     Impairment of financial assets (Cont’d)
     (ii)    Definition of default

             For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default to have occurred when
             information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay
             its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

             Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than
             90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more
             lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

     (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

             A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
             estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-
             impaired includes observable data about the following events:

             (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

             (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

             (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
                   difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise
                   consider; or

             (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation.

     (iv)    Write-off policy

             The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in
             severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty
             has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade
             receivables, when the amounts are over two years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets
             written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking
             into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent
             recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2020     99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.    BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
      ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
      Financial instruments (Cont’d)
      Financial assets (Cont’d)
      Impairment of financial assets (Cont’d)
      (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL

            The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of
            the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and
            loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an
            unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring
            as the weights.

            Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
            accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
            effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

            Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial
            asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial
            asset.

            The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting
            their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables where the corresponding adjustment is
            recognised through a loss allowance account.

      Derecognition of financial assets
      The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire,
      or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to
      another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and
      continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated
      liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
      of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a
      collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

      On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
      amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

      On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to
      measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve is
      not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained profits.




100     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.   BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial liabilities and equity instruments
     Classification as debt or equity
     Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in
     accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an
     equity instrument.

     Equity instruments
     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all
     of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct
     issue costs.

     Financial liabilities at amortised cost
     Financial liabilities including borrowings, entrusted loan payable, accounts and other payables are initially
     measured at fair value, net of transaction costs, and are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
     effective interest method.

     Derecognition/modification of financial liabilities
     The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
     cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and
     the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

     When the contractual terms of a financial liability are modified, the Group assesses whether the revised terms
     result in a substantial modification from the original terms taking into account all relevant facts and circumstances
     including qualitative factors. If the qualitative assessment is not conclusive, the Group considers that the terms
     are substantially different if the discounted present value of the cash flows under the new terms, including any
     fees paid net of any fees received, and discounted using the original effective interest rate, is at least 10 per
     cent different from the discounted present value of the remaining cash flows of the original financial liability.
     Accordingly, such modification of terms is accounted for as an extinguishment with any costs or fees incurred
     recognised as part of the gain or loss on the extinguishment. The exchange or modification is considered a non-
     substantial modification when such difference is less than 10 per cent.

     For non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities that do not result in derecognition, the carrying amount
     of the relevant financial liabilities will be calculated at the present value of the modified contractual cash flows
     discounted at the financial liabilities’ original effective interest rate. Transaction costs or fees incurred are adjusted
     to the carrying amount of the modified financial liabilities and are amortised over the remaining term. Any
     adjustment to the carrying amount of the financial liability is recognised in profit or loss at the date of modification.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2020      101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




3.    BASIC OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
      ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)
      Environmental rehabilitation
      An obligation to incur restoration, rehabilitation and environmental costs arises when environmental disturbance
      is caused by the development or ongoing production of a mining property. Such costs arising from the
      decommissioning of plant and other site preparation work, discounted to their net present value, are provided for
      and capitalised as part of the related property, plant and equipment at the start of each project, as soon as the
      obligation to incur such costs arises. These costs are recognised in profit or loss over the life of the operation,
      through depreciation of the asset. Costs for restoration of subsequent site damage which is created on an ongoing
      basis during production are recognised in profit or loss.

      Changes in the measurement of a liability relating to the decommissioning of plant or other site preparation work
      that result from changes in the estimated timing or amount of the cash flow, including the effects of inflation
      and movements in foreign exchange rates, revisions to estimated reserves, resources and lives of operations,
      or a change in the discount rate, are added to, or deducted from, the cost of the related asset in the period it
      occurred. The periodic unwinding of discount is recognised in profit or loss as a finance cost as it occurs. If a
      decrease in the liability exceeds the carrying amount of the asset, the excess is recognised immediately in profit or
      loss. If the asset value is increased and there is an indication that the revised carrying value is not recoverable, an
      impairment test is performed in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy.

4.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
      In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the Company
      are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
      that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on
      historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these
      estimates.

      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
      are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the
      period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

      The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
      the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
      amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.




102     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Cont’d)
     (a)   Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights
           While assessing whether any indications of impairment exist for property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
           assets and mining rights, consideration is given to both external and internal sources of information. The
           Management consideration includes changes in the market, economic and legal environment in which the
           Group operates that are not within its control and affect the recoverable amounts of the property, plant and
           equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights. The carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment,
           right-of-use assets and mining rights are reviewed for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 Impairment
           of Assets whenever certain events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
           not be recoverable. As at December 31, 2020, the market capitalisation of the Company was below the
           carrying value of its net assets of approximately US$1,595 million (2019: US$1,451 million). This may be
           an indicator that the carrying amounts of the Group’s property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and
           mining rights are impaired. The Group’s two cash-generating units (“CGUs”) for impairment assessment of
           mining rights, related property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are two significant mine sites
           which are producing gold and copper concentrate.

           When an impairment review is undertaken, recoverable amount is assessed by reference to the higher of
           1) value in use (“VIU”) and 2) fair value less costs of disposal. In determining the recoverable amounts
           of the Group’s property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights, the Group estimates
           the recoverable amount based on VIU and makes estimates of the discounted future pre-tax cash flows
           expected to be derived from the Group’s CGUs and the appropriate discount rate. The key assumptions
           used in estimating the projected cash flows are future metal selling price, recoverable reserves, resources,
           exploration potential, production cost estimates, future operating costs and discount rates.

           Reductions in metal price forecasts, increases in estimated future costs of production, increases in estimated
           future operating costs, reductions in the amount of recoverable reserves, resources, and exploration
           potential, and/or change in economic conditions can result in a write-down of the carrying amounts of the
           Group’s property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights.

           The Group uses its internal experts to perform the valuation for the purpose of the impairment assessment
           with assistance from third party qualified valuers. The Management works closely with internal experts
           and qualified external valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model to
           estimate the VIU for the property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights.

           The carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights as at
           December 31, 2020 and 2019 are disclosed in notes 21, 19 and 22, respectively.

           During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, no impairment loss was recognised for the property,
           plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and mining rights in the Group’s gold producing mine and copper
           producing mine as the recoverable amounts were higher than their respective carrying amounts.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2020     103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




4.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Cont’d)
      (b) Inventories
            The Group records the cost of gold mining ore placed on its leach pads and in process at its mine as
            gold in process inventory, and values gold in process inventory at the lower of cost and estimated net
            realizable value. The assumptions used in the valuation of gold in process inventories include estimates of
            gold contained in the ore placed on leach pads, assumptions of the amount of gold that is expected to be
            recovered from the ore placed on leach pads, the amount of gold in the processing plant and an assumption
            of the gold price expected to be realised when the gold is recovered. If these estimates or assumptions
            are proven inaccurate, the Group could be required to write down the recorded value of its gold in process
            inventories. During the year, there is no change in the relevant estimation.

            Although the quantities of recoverable gold placed on the leach pad and the processing plant are reconciled
            by comparing the grades of ore placed on the leach pad to the quantities actually recovered, the nature of
            the leaching process inherently limits the ability to precisely monitor inventory levels. The actual recovery of
            gold from the leach pad is not known until the leaching process has concluded at the end of the mine life.

            The Management periodically reassesses the assumptions used in the valuation of gold in process and the
            costing of production of gold doré bars, particularly the assumptions of the amount of gold that is expected
            to be recovered from the ore placed on leach pads (the “Estimated Recovery Rate”). As a result of such
            reassessments, an increase/decrease in the Estimated Recovery Rate would lead to a decrease/increase in
            the average production cost of gold doré bars. During the year, there is no change in the relevant estimation.

            The carrying amount of gold in process and gold doré bars as at December 31, 2020 and 2019 are
            disclosed in note 18.

5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      Revenue
      (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
            The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue from its major products and services:

                                                                                               2020                  2019
                                                                                             US$’000               US$’000
            At a point in time
            Gold doré bars                                                                   260,074               205,212
            Copper                                                                           291,182               308,274
            Other by-products                                                                312,776               143,973


            Total revenue                                                                    864,032               657,459




104     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Revenue (Cont’d)
     (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers
            The Group sells gold doré bars, copper and other by-products directly to customers. Revenue is recognised
            at a point in time when control of the gold doré bars, copper and other by-products is passed to customers,
            i.e. when the products are delivered and titles have passed to customers. A contract liability represents the
            Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or
            an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

            All sales of gold doré bars, copper and other by-products are for periods of one year or less. As permitted
            under IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

     Segment information
     IFRS 8 requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of internal reports that are regularly reviewed
     by the chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”) to allocate resources to the segments and to assess their
     performance.

     The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has
     been defined as the executive directors of the Company. The CODM has identified two operating and reportable
     segments as follows:

     (i)    The mine-produced gold segment – the production of gold doré bars through the Group’s integrated
            processes, i.e., mining, metallurgical processing, production and selling of gold doré bars to external clients.

     (ii)   The mine-produced copper concentrate segment – the production of copper concentrate including other by-
            products through the Group’s integrated processes, i.e., mining, metallurgical processing, production and
            selling copper concentrate including other by-products to external clients.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2020      105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
      Segment information (Cont’d)
      Information regarding the above segments is reported below.

      (a)   Segment revenue and results
            The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and reportable segment:

            For the year ended December 31, 2020

                                                                      Mine –
                                                     Mine –         produced
                                                   produced           copper      Segment
                                                       gold       concentrate        total    Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                   US$’000           US$’000      US$’000       US$’000         US$’000


            Revenue – external and
              segment revenue                       260,074          603,958      864,032              –            864,032
            Cost of sales                          (208,152)        (446,026)    (654,178)             –           (654,178)


            Mining operating earnings                   51,922      157,932       209,854              –           209,854


            Income (loss) from operations               51,444      107,953       159,397         (5,181)          154,216
            Foreign exchange (loss) gain, net           (5,028)       8,857         3,829           (426)            3,403
            Interest and other income                    1,305        7,838         9,143            682             9,825
            Finance costs                               (4,282)     (23,357)      (27,639)       (14,375)          (42,014)


            Profit (loss) before income tax             43,439      101,291       144,730        (19,300)          125,430




106     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Segment information (Cont’d)
     (a)   Segment revenue and results (Cont’d)
           For the year ended December 31, 2019

                                                                  Mine –
                                                    Mine –      produced
                                                  produced        copper        Segment
                                                       gold   concentrate          total     Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                   US$’000       US$’000        US$’000        US$’000         US$’000


           Revenue – external and
             segment revenue                       205,212       452,247         657,459              –         657,459
           Cost of sales                          (192,228)     (401,018)       (593,246)             –        (593,246)


           Mining operating earnings                12,984        51,229          64,213              –          64,213


           Income (loss) from operations            12,486         (4,073)         8,413        (11,676)          (3,263)
           Foreign exchange gain (loss), net           947         (8,712)        (7,765)            97           (7,668)
           Gain on recognition of other assets           –         25,312         25,312              –           25,312
           Interest and other income                   327          2,276          2,603            702            3,305
           Finance costs                            (5,152)       (19,821)       (24,973)       (17,555)         (42,528)


           Profit (loss) before income tax           8,608         (5,018)         3,590        (28,432)         (24,842)

           The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies
           described in note 3. Segment results represent profit (loss) before income tax without allocation of certain
           general and administrative expenses, foreign exchange gain (loss), interest and other income and finance
           costs, attributable to the respective segment. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of
           resource allocation and performance assessment.

           There are no inter-segment sales for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2020     107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
      Segment information (Cont’d)
      (b)   Segment assets and liabilities
            The following is an analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by segment representing assets/liabilities
            directly attributable to the respective segment:

                                                                     Mine –
                                                      Mine –       produced
                                                    produced         copper       Segment
                                                        gold     concentrate         total     Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                    US$’000         US$’000       US$’000        US$’000         US$’000


            As of December 31, 2020


            Total assets                            678,630       2,612,039      3,290,669         31,973       3,322,642
            Total liabilities                       130,613       1,296,112      1,426,725        300,448       1,727,173


            As of December 31, 2019


            Total assets                            755,231       2,407,554      3,162,785         34,345       3,197,130
            Total liabilities                       229,873       1,006,604      1,236,477        509,986       1,746,463

            For the purposes of monitoring segment performance and allocating resources between segments:

            •       all assets are allocated to operating segments other than certain cash and cash equivalents, other
                    receivables, prepaid expenses and deposits, right-of-use assets, property, plant and equipment and
                    equity instrument at FVTOCI; and

            •       all liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than other payables and accrued expenses,
                    lease liabilities, deferred income and certain borrowings.




108     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Segment information (Cont’d)
     (c)   Other segment information (included in the measure of segment profit or loss or segment assets regularly
           provided to the CODM)
                                                                    Mine –
                                                    Mine –        produced
                                                  produced          copper        Segment
                                                      gold      concentrate          total     Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                  US$’000          US$’000        US$’000        US$’000         US$’000


           For the year ended
             December 31, 2020


           Additions of property,
             plant and equipment                    30,327        115,401         145,728               –         145,728
           Depreciation of property,
             plant and equipment                   (67,434)        (81,238)      (148,672)              –        (148,672)
           Amortisation of mining rights            (2,033)        (35,988)       (38,021)              –         (38,021)
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets         (79)           (317)          (396)            (96)           (492)


           For the year ended
             December 31, 2019


           Additions of property,
             plant and equipment                    41,700          67,027        108,727               –         108,727
           Addition of mining rights                11,141               –         11,141               –          11,141
           Addition of right-of-use assets               –               –              –             514             514
           Depreciation of property,
             plant and equipment                   (75,190)        (68,761)      (143,951)              –        (143,951)
           Amortisation of mining rights            (1,879)        (27,518)       (29,397)              –         (29,397)
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets         (75)           (323)          (398)            (81)           (479)

     (d)   Geographical information
           The Group operated in two geographical areas, Canada and the PRC. The Group’s corporate division located
           in Canada only earns revenue that is considered incidental to the activities of the Group and therefore is not
           presented as an operating segment. During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Group’s
           revenue was generated from gold sales and copper multi-products to customers in the PRC. Approximately
           99% (2019: 99%) of non-current assets of the Group are located in the PRC.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2020      109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
      Segment information (Cont’d)
      (e)   Information about major customers
            Revenue from major customers which accounts for 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue are sales of
            gold doré bars and copper concentrate including other by-products to CNG and its subsidiaries as disclosed
            in note 32 (a). In addition, revenue from third-party customers of the corresponding years contributing over
            10% of the total sales of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                   Year ended       Year ended
                                                                                                 December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                         2020             2019
                                                                                                     US$'000          US$'000


            Customer A1                                                                                    N/A2        95,931
            Customer B1                                                                                 91,215        162,923
            Customer C1                                                                                171,452           N/A2

            1
                 Revenue from mine-produced copper concentrate segment.
            2
                 The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group.

6.    GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
                                                                                                   Year ended       Year ended
                                                                                                 December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                         2020             2019
                                                                                                     US$'000          US$'000


      Administration and office                                                                          7,447          14,395
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                      4,060           4,656
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                   96              81
      Professional fees                                                                                  3,454           6,224
      Salaries and benefits                                                                             14,121          15,997
      Others                                                                                             7,483           8,716


      Total general and administrative expenses                                                         36,661          50,069




110     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




7.   EXPLORATION AND EVALUATION EXPENDITURE
                                                                                  Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                        2020               2019
                                                                                    US$'000            US$'000


     CSH Gold Mine                                                                       477                  497
     Generative exploration                                                                –                    5


     Total explorative and evaluation expenditure                                        477                  502


8.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                  Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                        2020               2019
                                                                                    US$'000            US$'000


     Interests on borrowings                                                          40,134                40,751
     Interests on lease liabilities                                                       16                     2
     Accretion on environmental rehabilitation (note 30)                               2,410                 2,217


                                                                                      42,560                42,970
     Less: Amounts capitalised to property, plant and equipment                         (546)                 (442)


     Total finance costs                                                              42,014                42,528


     Interest has been capitalised at a capitalisation rate representing the weighted average interest to general
     borrowings.

                                                                                  Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                        2020               2019
                                                                                          %                  %


     Capitalisation rate                                                                2.45                  2.82




                                                                                       Annual Report 2020     111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




9.    INCOME TAX EXPENSE
      The Company was incorporated in Canada and is subject to Canadian federal and provincial tax requirements
      which are calculated at 27% (2019: 27%) of the estimated assessable profit for the year ended December 31,
      2020. Since its incorporation, the Company had no assessable profit subject to Canadian federal and provincial
      tax requirements. PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) is calculated at the prevailing tax rate of 25% (2019: 25%)
      on the estimated taxable profit of the group entities located in the PRC for the year ended December 31, 2020
      except as described below.

      Pursuant to the Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT” Law) effective on January 1, 2008, Inner Mongolia Pacific
      Mining Co. Ltd. (“IMP”) is a certified “High and New Technology Enterprise” which is entitled to a preferential tax
      rate of 15% for three years from the year ended December 31, 2017 and eligible for renewal every three years.
      For the year ended December 31, 2020, IMP is subject to prevailing tax rate of 25% of taxable profit after expiry
      of certificate of “High and New Technology Enterprise”.

      Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co. Ltd. (“Huatailong”), Metrorkongka County Jiama Industry and Trade
      Co. (“Jiama Industry and Trade”) and Tibet Jia Ertong Minerals Exploration Ltd. (“Jia Ertong”) established in the
      westward development area of the PRC were subject to preferential tax rate of 15% (2019: 15%) of taxable profit,
      except as described below.

      Pursuant to the Tibet Administration (2018) Notice on Investment Promotion (“No. 25”), effective on June 15,
      2018, Huatailong is certified as a “High and New Technology Enterprise”, and entitled to a preferential tax rate of 9%
      for three years from the year ended December 31, 2018, set to expire in 2021.

      Pursuant to No. 25, Jiama Industry and Trade, employs 70% or above of its employees who are Tibet Permanent
      Residents and thus is entitled to a reduced preferential tax rate of 9% for the years ended December 31, 2020
      and 2019.

      Under relevant PRC Tax Law, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by the
      PRC subsidiaries from January 1, 2008 onwards. Except the Group has recognised deferred tax of US$3,779,000
      (2019: nil) on retained profits of the PRC subsidiary of US$35,751,000 (2019: nil) for the year ended December
      31, 2020, deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated financial statements in respect of
      temporary differences attributable to accumulated distributable profits of the other PRC subsidiaries amounting to
      approximately US$564,895,000 at December 31, 2020 (2019: US$437,820,000) as the Group is able to control
      the timing of the reversal of temporary differences and it is probable the temporary differences will not reverse in
      the foreseeable future.

      According to the requirements of the Provisional Regulations of the PRC on Land Appreciation Tax (“LAT”) (revised
      in 2011) effective from January 8, 2011, and the Detailed Implementation Rules on the Provisional Regulations
      of the PRC on LAT effective from January 27, 1995, all income from the sale or transfer of state-owned land use
      rights, buildings and their attached facilities in the PRC is subject to LAT at progressive rates ranging from 30% to
      60% of the appreciation value.

      Taxation for other relevant jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in each of those jurisdictions
      respectively.




112     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




9.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Cont’d)
     Tax expense comprises:

                                                                                  Year ended          Year ended
                                                                                December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                        2020                2019
                                                                                    US$'000             US$'000

     Current tax expense – PRC EIT                                                     25,744                 4,969
     Overprovision in prior year – PRC EIT                                             (1,278)                 (280)
     (Reversal of) provision for LAT                                                     (524)                6,059
     Deferred tax credit                                                              (12,450)               (3,439)


     Total income tax expense                                                          11,492                7,309


     The income tax expense for the Group can be reconciled to the profit (loss) before income tax for the year as
     follows:

                                                                                  Year ended          Year ended
                                                                                December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                        2020                2019
                                                                                    US$'000             US$'000

     Profit (loss) before income tax                                                 125,430              (24,842)


     PRC EIT tax rates                                                                   25%                  25%


     Tax at the PRC EIT tax rates                                                      31,358                (6,211)
     Tax effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries
       operating in other jurisdictions                                                   447                 (250)
     Tax effect of concessionary tax rate                                             (17,588)                 (78)
     Tax effect of tax losses and other deductible temporary
       differences not recognised                                                         501                 2,125
     Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                              5,690                 6,749
     Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                  (2,318)                 (284)
     Impacts on foreign exchange                                                      (12,532)               (1,943)
     Impacts on opening deferred tax liabilities resulting from
       increase in applicable tax rate                                                  2,157                     –
     Utilisation of deductible temporary differences previously
       not recognised                                                                  (1,142)                    –
     Withholding tax in respect of profit earned from PRC subsidiaries                  3,779                     –
     Withholding tax in respect of interest income earned
       from PRC subsidiaries                                                            2,942                1,422
     Tax effect of LAT                                                                   (524)               6,059
     Overprovision of PRC EIT in prior year                                            (1,278)                (280)


                                                                                       11,492                7,309




                                                                                        Annual Report 2020     113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




9.    INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Cont’d)
      The following are the major deferred tax (assets) liabilities recognised and movements thereon during the current
      and prior years:

                                           Property,                                                                Distributable
                                           plant and Environmental         Mining                                       profits of
                                          equipment rehabilitation         rights(1)   Inventories         Others   subsidiaries          Total
                                           US$’000        US$’000         US$’000        US$’000         US$’000        US$’000        US$’000


      At January 1, 2019                     (4,230)         (7,768)      128,400           7,044           (714)               –      122,732
      Charge (credit) to profit or loss         818          (1,222)       (3,877)          3,229         (2,387)               –       (3,439)


      At December 31, 2019                   (3,412)         (8,990)      124,523          10,273         (3,101)              –       119,293
      (Credit) charge to profit or loss      (5,623)         (3,227)       (5,055)         (7,678)         3,197           3,779       (14,607)
      Effect of change in tax rate              345          (2,990)            –           6,848         (2,046)              –         2,157


      At December 31, 2020                   (8,690)       (15,207)       119,468           9,443         (1,950)          3,779       106,843

      (1)    Amount represents deferred tax liability arising from the fair value adjustment on mining rights during the business acquisition of
             Skyland Mining Limited and its subsidiaries (“Skyland”) in December 2010.

      For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
      and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
      purposes:

                                                                                                              2020                     2019
                                                                                                            US$’000                  US$’000


      Deferred tax assets                                                                                     4,463                         –
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                             (111,306)                 (119,293)


                                                                                                           (106,843)                 (119,293)




114     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




9.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Cont’d)
     The Group’s unrecognised deferred income tax assets are as follows:

                                                                                             2020                 2019
                                                                                           US$’000              US$’000


     Deferred income tax assets
       Tax losses carry forwards                                                            23,288                22,795
       Other deductible temporary differences                                                1,794                 2,928


     Total unrecognised deferred income tax assets                                          25,082                25,723


     Deferred tax asset of US$23,288,000 (2019: US$22,795,000) has not been recognised in respect of unused
     tax losses of US$96 million (2019: US$94 million) due to the unpredictability of future profit streams. Under
     Canadian tax laws, unused tax losses can be carried forward for 20 years if the loss arises in tax years ended after
     December 31, 2005. Included in unrecognised tax losses are losses of US$76 million that will expire from 2027 to
     2040 (2019: US$75 million that will expire from 2027 to 2039). Other losses may be carried forward indefinitely.

     Other deductible temporary differences of US$7 million (2019: US$11 million) are primarily comprised of share
     issue costs and cumulative eligible capital expenditures that were incurred by the Company which are tax
     deductible according to the relevant tax law in Canada. No deferred tax asset has been recognised because the
     amount of future taxable profit that will be available to realize such assets is unpredictable and not probable.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2020     115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




10. PROFIT (LOSS) FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                     Year ended      Year ended
                                                                                   December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                           2020            2019
                                                                                       US$'000         US$'000


      Profit (loss) for the year has been arrived at after charging (crediting):
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                               745             834


      Depreciation included in cost of sales and inventories                           141,891         137,935
      Depreciation included in research and development expenses                         2,721           1,360
      Depreciation included in general and administrative expenses (note 6)              4,060           4,656


      Total depreciation of property, plant and equipment                              148,672         143,951


      Depreciation included in cost of sales and inventories                               396             398
      Depreciation included in general and administrative expenses (note 6)                 96              81


      Total depreciation of right-of-use assets                                            492             479


      Amortisation of mining rights (included in cost of sales)                         38,021           29,397


      Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                     10             358


      Staff costs
        Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (note 11)                              388              426
        Staff salaries and benefits                                                     13,197           14,515
        Retirement benefits contributions                                                  536            1,056


      Total salaries and benefits included in administrative expenses (note 6)          14,121           15,997
      Total salaries and benefits included in cost of sales and inventories             41,151           33,434
      Total salaries and benefits included in research and development
        expenses                                                                         4,616            6,508


      Total staff costs                                                                 59,888           55,939


      Bank interest income                                                               (3,889)         (1,712)


      Government subsidies                                                               (1,167)           (824)


      Allowance for credit losses of trade, bills and other receivables, net                37              25



116     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




10. PROFIT (LOSS) FOR THE YEAR (Cont’d)
    During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Group had entered into barter transactions of RMB105 million
    (equivalent to US$15 million) with independent third parties regarding exchange of gold bearing materials. The
    directors estimated the fair values of the inventories given up and received approximated the same and no gain or
    loss was recognised.

11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID
    EMPLOYEES
    (a)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
          Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules
          and CO, is as follows:

          For the year ended December 31, 2020

                                                                              Salaries       Retirement
                                                                             and other          benefits
                                                               Fees            benefits    contributions            Total
                                                            US$’000           US$’000          US$’000           US$’000
          Executive Director and Chief Executive (Note a)
          Liangyou Jiang                                           –                 –                –                –


          Executive Directors (Note b)
          Shiliang Guan                                            –                87                1               88
          Weibin Zhang                                             –                27                1               28
          Na Tian                                                  –                47                2               49


          Non-executive Directors (Note c)
          Yongqing Teng                                            –                 –                –                –
          Fuzhen Kang                                              –                24                2               26
          Junhu Tong                                               –                 –                –                –


          Independent Non-executive Directors (Note d)
          Ian He                                                  55                 –                2               57
          Wei Shao                                                46                 –                2               48
          Bielin Shi                                              46                 –                –               46
          Ruixia (Rane) Han                                       46                 –                –               46


                                                                 193              185                10              388




                                                                                            Annual Report 2020      117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID
    EMPLOYEES (Cont’d)
      (a)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Cont’d)
            For the year ended December 31, 2019

                                                                          Salaries     Retirement
                                                                        and other         benefits
                                                                 Fees     benefits   contributions      Total
                                                              US$’000    US$’000         US$’000     US$’000
            Executive Director and Chief Executive (Note a)
            Liangyou Jiang                                          –           –               –          –


            Executive Directors (Note b)
            Xin Song (Note e)                                       –           –               –          –
            Shiliang Guan                                           –          82               7         89


            Non-executive Directors (Note c)
            Xiangdong Jiang                                       23            –               1         24
            Yongqing Teng                                          –            –               –          –
            Fuzhen Kang                                            –           52               2         54


            Independent Non-executive Directors (Note d)
            Ian He                                                71            –               2         73
            Yunfei Chen                                           23            –               –         23
            Gregory Hall                                          23            –               –         23
            John King Burns                                       23            –               –         23
            Wei Shao                                              39            –               2         41
            Bielin Shi                                            38            –               –         38
            Ruixia (Rane) Han                                     38            –               –         38


                                                                 278         134               14        426




118    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID
    EMPLOYEES (Cont’d)
   (a)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Cont’d)
         Notes:
         (a)      Mr. Liangyou Jiang is the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and an executive director of the Company. He is also an employee
                  of CNG and his emolument payments are centralised by CNG as of his CEO appointment.
         (b)      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the affairs
                  of the Company and the Group. Effective from June 17, 2020, Mr. Weibin Zhang and Ms. Na Tian were appointed as
                  executive directors. During 2019, Mr. Xin Song resigned as chairman and executive director as of November 14, 2019.
                  Effective from June 25, 2019, Mr. Shiliang Guan was appointed as an executive director.
         (c)      The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as directors of the Company. Effective
                  from June 17, 2020, Mr. Junhu Tong was appointed as a non-executive director. During 2020, Mr. Yongqing Teng and
                  Ms. Fuzhen Kang resigned as non-executive directors of the Company as of June 17, 2020. During 2019, Mr. Xiangdong
                  Jiang resigned as non-executive director as of June 25, 2019. Mr. Yongqing Teng and Mr. Junhu Tong are employed by
                  CNG and the payment of their emoluments are centralised and made by CNG for the years ended December 31, 2020 and
                  2019, in which the amounts are considered as insignificant.
         (d)      The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as directors of the
                  Company. Effective from June 25, 2019, Mr. Wei Shao, Dr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia (Rane) Han were appointed as
                  independent non-executive directors. During 2019, Mr. Yunfei Chen, Mr. Gregory Hall and Mr. John King Burns resigned
                  as independent non-executive directors of the Company as of June 25, 2019.
         (e)      Mr. Xin Song has also been employed by CNG and the payment of his emoluments was centralised and made by CNG for
                  the year ended December 31, 2019, in which the amounts are considered as insignificant.

         For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, none of the directors of the Company waived or agreed
         to waive any emoluments.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2020         119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID
    EMPLOYEES (Cont’d)
      (b) Five highest paid employees
           The five highest paid employees included nil (2019: nil) directors for the year ended December 31, 2020.
           The emoluments of the five (2019: five) non-director employees for the year ended December 31, 2020, are
           as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended          Year ended
                                                                                   December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                           2020                2019
                                                                                       US$'000             US$'000


           Employees
            Salaries and other benefits                                                     818                  852
            Retirement benefits contributions                                                 6                    6


                                                                                            824                  858


           The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration
           fell within the following band is as follows:

                                                                                         No. of individuals
                                                                                           2020                2019


           Nil to HK$1,000,000 (equivalent to approximately US$129,000)                        1                   –
           HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
             US$129,001 to US$193,000)                                                         4                   5


           During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the
           directors of the Company or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the
           Group or as compensation for loss of office.

12. DIVIDEND
      No dividend was paid or proposed for shareholders of the Company during the years ended December 31, 2020
      and 2019.

      Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, the directors of the Company declrared a special dividend in
      respect of the year ended December 31, 2020 of US$0.12 (2019: nil) per common share, in an aggregate amount
      of US$47,570,000 (2019: nil), payable on May 30, 2021 to shareholders of record as of April 20, 2021.




120    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




13. EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE
   Profit (loss) used in determining earnings (loss) per share are presented below:

                                                                                        Year ended       Year ended
                                                                                      December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                              2020             2019
                                                                                          US$'000          US$'000


   Profit (loss) attributable to owners of the Company for the purposes
     of basic earnings (loss) per share (US$’000)                                         111,962             (32,837)


   Weighted average number of common shares, basic                                    396,413,753        396,413,753


   Basic earnings (loss) per share (US cents)                                               28.24                 (8.28)


   The Group had no outstanding potential dilutive instruments issued as at December 31, 2020 and 2019 and
   during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. Therefore, no diluted earnings (loss) per share is
   presented.

14. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS/RESTRICTED BANK BALANCES
   Cash and cash equivalents of the Group are comprised of bank balances and bank deposits with an original
   maturity of three months or less. The Group’s bank balances, cash equivalents and restricted bank balances
   denominated in the foreign currencies other than the respective group entities’ functional currencies are presented
   below:

                                                                                      December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                             2020             2019
                                                                                          US$'000          US$'000


   Denominated in:
     Canadian dollars                                                                         214                   578
     Renminbi (“RMB”)                                                                      20,577                57,310
     US$                                                                                       13                    18
     Hong Kong dollars                                                                      1,680                 1,275


                                                                                           22,484                59,181


   The bank balances and bank deposits carry interest rates ranging from 0.001% to 2.45% (2019: 0.001% to 2.55%)
   per annum.

   Restricted bank balances carry interest at market rates ranging from 0.30% to 1.55% (2019: 0.30% to 1.55%)
   per annum. The balance represents deposits pledged to banks to secure bills payable issued to suppliers for
   mining costs.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2020     121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




15. TRADE, BILLS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                              December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                     2020                   2019
                                                                                                  US$'000                US$'000


      Trade receivables                                                                               1,603                     958
      Less: allowance for credit losses                                                                (119)                    (78)


                                                                                                      1,484                     880
      Bills receivables                                                                              15,316                       –
      Amounts due from related companies (note 32 (a))(1)                                             1,498                   2,020
      Other receivables(2)                                                                           17,462                  23,111


      Total trade, bills and other receivables                                                       35,760                  26,011


      At January 1, 2019, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to US$524,000.

      (1)   The amounts are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.
      (2)   Included in the balance as at December 31, 2020 are value-added tax recoverable of approximately US$7,257,000 (2019:
            US$11,697,000) and other receivables (as detailed in note 23) of US$9,211,000 (2019: US$7,980,000), which are expected to
            be recovered within twelve months after the end of the reporting period.

      The Group allows an average credit period of 30 days and 180 days to its trade customers including CNG for gold
      dore bar sales and copper concentrate trade business, respectively.

      Below is an aged analysis of trade receivables (net of allowance for credit losses) presented based on invoice
      dates, which approximated the respective revenue recognition dates, at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                              December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                     2020                   2019
                                                                                                  US$'000                US$'000


      Less than 30 days                                                                                  745                     62
      31 to 90 days                                                                                      348                    523
      91 to 180 days                                                                                     127                      –
      Over 180 days                                                                                      264                    295


      Total trade receivables                                                                         1,484                     880


      In determining the recoverability of a trade receivable, the Group considers any change in the credit quality of the
      trade receivable from the date credit was initially granted up to the reporting date.




122     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




15. TRADE, BILLS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Cont’d)
   As at 31 December 2020, total bills receivable amounting to US$15,316,000 (2019: nil) are held by the Group
   for future settlement of trade receivables, which were further discounted to a CNG’s subsidiary by the Group. The
   Group continues to recognise their full carrying amounts of US$15,316,000 (2019: nil) at the end of the reporting
   period and details are disclosed in note 16. All bills received by the Group are with a maturity period of less than
   one year.

   Other than bills received amounting to US$15,316,000 (2019: nil), the Group does not hold any collateral over
   these balances. Details of impairment assessment of trade, bills and other receivables are set out in note 35 (d).

16. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
   The following were the Group’s financial assets as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 that were transferred to banks
   by discounting on a full recourse basis. As the Group has not transferred the significant risks and rewards, it
   continues to recognise the full carrying amount and has recognised the cash received on the transfer as a secured
   borrowings (see note 26). These financial assets are carried at amortised cost in the consolidated statement of
   financial position.

                                                                                   Bills receivable discounted to
                                                                                       bank with full recourse
                                                                                   December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                          2020                 2019
                                                                                       US$'000              US$'000


   Carrying amount of transferred assets                                                  15,316                      –
   Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                             (15,316)                     –


   Net position                                                                                 –                     –




                                                                                           Annual Report 2020       123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




17. PREPAID EXPENSES AND DEPOSITS
                                                                                                      December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                             2020                     2019
                                                                                                          US$'000                  US$'000


      Deposits for mine supplies and services (Note a)                                                           429                      863
      Deposits for spare parts (Note a)                                                                          382                    1,476
      Deposit for acquisition of property, plant and equipment (Note b)                                        2,199                   18,693
      Prepaid property and machinery insurance                                                                    23                       32
      Amount due from a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary (Note c)                                     376                      351
      Prepaid interests                                                                                            –                    8,125
      Other prepayment and deposits                                                                            2,475                    1,775


                                                                                                               5,884                   31,315
      Less: Amounts that will be settled or utilised within one year
              shown under current assets                                                                       (3,309)                (12,271)


      Amounts that will be settled or utilised for more than
       one year shown under non-current assets                                                                 2,575                   19,044

      Notes:
      a.       As at December 31, 2019, the amount represents deposits paid to third party vendors and related companies (note 32) for
               purchasing of raw materials, consumable, spare parts and mine services.
      b.       The amount represents deposits paid to third party contractors for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment to expand its
               mining capacity in Tibet, the PRC. The amount is shown as non-current asset.
      c.       The amount due from a non-controlling shareholder is non-interest bearing, unsecured and repayable after one year.

18. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                      December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                             2020                     2019
                                                                                                          US$'000                  US$'000


      Gold in process                                                                                       220,059                   222,180
      Gold doré bars                                                                                         22,665                    20,708
      Consumables                                                                                            23,255                    16,923
      Copper concentrate                                                                                      9,016                       855
      Spare parts                                                                                            22,699                    20,457


      Total inventories                                                                                     297,694                   281,123


      Inventories totalling US$621,414,000 (2019: US$567,472,000) for the year ended December 31, 2020 was
      recognised in cost of sales.




124        China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




19. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                                   Leasehold                Leased
                                                                       lands             properties                 Total
                                                                    US$’000               US$’000                US$’000


   At December 31, 2020
   Carrying amount                                                    13,806                   438                14,244


   At December 31, 2019
   Carrying amount                                                    13,335                   534                13,869


   For the year ended December 31, 2020
   Depreciation charge                                                   396                     96                  492


   For the year ended December 31, 2019
   Depreciation charge                                                   398                     81                  479

                                                                                       Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                     December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                             2020                  2019
                                                                                         US$'000               US$'000


   Expenses relating to short-term leases                                                         –                3,730


   Total cash outflow for leases                                                             1,943                 3,844


   Additions to right-of-use assets                                                               –                  514


   For both years, the Group leases leasehold lands and office premises for its operations. The lease terms of
   leasehold lands are 50 years. Lease contracts of office premises are entered into for a fixed term of 5 years.
   Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.
   In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the
   definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

   In addition, the Group obtained several land use right certificates for leasehold lands where its mining facilities are
   primarily located. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire these leasehold lands. The leasehold lands
   are presented separately.

   Restrictions or covenants on leases
   In addition, lease liabilities of US$447,000 are recognised with related right-of-use assets of US$438,000 as at
   December 31, 2020 (2019: lease liabilities of US$533,000 and related right-of-use assets of US$534,000). The
   lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held
   by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2020      125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




20. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                         December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                                2020                     2019
                                                                                                             US$'000                  US$'000


      Listed investments:
        Equity securities listed in Hong Kong (Note a)                                                           20,015                    16,485


      Unlisted investments:
       Equity securities (Note b)                                                                                    809                       574


      Total                                                                                                      20,824                    17,059


      Notes:
      a.       The above listed equity investments represent ordinary shares of an entity listed in Hong Kong. These investments are not held
               for trading, instead, they are held for long-term strategic purposes. The directors of the Company have elected to designate these
               investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair
               value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and
               realising their performance potential in the long run.
               The investment of China Nonferrous Mining Corporation Limited (“CNMC”), a listed company in Hong Kong, represents 2.03%
               equity interest in CNMC. CNMC is engaged in mining, processing and trading of nonferrous metals in Zambia. During the year
               ended December 31, 2020, a fair value gain of US$3,530,000 (2019: a fair value loss of US$1,170,000) was recognised in other
               comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of investments revaluation reserve in accordance with the Group’s
               accounting policies.
      b.       The above unlisted equity investments represent the Group’s equity interests in two (2019: one entities) private entities established
               in the PRC. The directors of the Company have elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they
               believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the
               Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.
               During year ended December 31, 2020, the Company invested in 4% share interest in Tibet Electric Power Trading Center Co.,
               Ltd. (“Tibet Electric”) for RMB1,272,000, approximately US$184,000. Tibet Electric is established in the PRC and is principally
               engaged in the trading of electric power in the PRC.
               During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Group disposed of the investment in Inner Mongolia Chengxin Yong’an Chemicals
               Co., Ltd., at a consideration of RMB13,700,000, approximately US$2,023,000, which was also the fair value as at the date of
               disposal. A cumulative gain on disposal of US$564,000 has been transferred to retained profits at the date of disposal.
               As at December 31, 2020, the carrying amount of RMB5,272,000, approximately US$809,000 (2019: US$574,000), representing
               7.425% share interest in Mozu Gongka Jiulian Industrial Explosives Material Co. Ltd. (“Mozu Explosives”) and 4% share interest
               in Tibet Electric (2019: representing 7.425% share interest in Mozu Gongka). Mozu Explosives is established in the PRC and
               principally engaged in the development and manufacturing of explosives. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the
               fair value change of unlisted investments are insignificant and has not been recognised for the year ended December 31, 2020
               and 2019.




126        China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




21. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                           Furniture   Machinery                                           Construction
                                                          and office         and      Motor     Leasehold       Mineral     in progress
                                  Buildings   Crushers    equipment    equipment    vehicles improvements        assets         (“CIP”)       Total
                                  US$’000     US$’000      US$’000      US$’000     US$’000      US$’000       US$’000         US$’000     US$’000


   COST
   At January 1, 2019             832,591     227,332         6,919     306,007       9,664           198      874,335         11,364     2,268,410
   Additions                        1,680           –         2,049       6,578       1,178             –       81,842         15,400       108,727
   Disposals                         (620)          –           (73)          –        (238)         (100)           –              –        (1,031)
   Transfer from CIP                7,191           –             –         587           –             –            –         (7,778)            –
   Environmental rehabilitation
     adjustment (note 30)                –           –            –            –          –             –         2,448              –        2,448
   Exchange realignment            (13,146)          –          (69)      (4,230)      (114)            –        (8,196)          (268)     (26,023)


   At December 31, 2019           827,696     227,332         8,826     308,942      10,490           98       950,429         18,718     2,352,531
   Additions                        1,224           –         1,945       5,206         742            –       116,262         20,349       145,728
   Costs adjustment                 4,442           –             –      (7,100)          –            –          (184)             –        (2,842)
   Disposals                            –           –             –           –        (155)           –             –              –          (155)
   Transfer from CIP                4,004           –           900       2,438           –            –             –         (7,342)            –
   Environmental rehabilitation
     adjustment (note 30)               –            –            –           –          –              –       14,492               –      14,492
   Exchange realignment            54,949            –          581      16,993        548              –       35,346           2,021     110,438


   At December 31, 2020           892,315     227,332       12,252      326,479      11,625           98      1,116,345        33,746     2,620,192


   ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
   At January 1, 2019              (88,333)    (91,632)      (4,180)    (82,113)     (5,300)         (186)    (231,306)              –     (503,050)
   Provided for the year           (37,991)    (21,790)        (799)    (21,756)       (946)          (12)     (60,657)              –     (143,951)
   Eliminated on disposals             260           –           73           –         226           100            –               –          659
   Exchange realignment              1,669           –           72         964          61             –          494               –        3,260


   At December 31, 2019           (124,395)   (113,422)      (4,834)   (102,905)     (5,959)          (98)    (291,469)              –     (643,082)
   Provided for the year           (38,325)    (18,512)      (1,064)    (24,377)       (857)            –      (65,537)              –     (148,672)
   Eliminated on disposals               –           –            –           –         135             –            –               –          135
   Exchange realignment             (9,769)          –         (272)     (5,672)       (298)            –       (3,601)              –      (19,612)


   At December 31, 2020           (172,489)   (131,934)      (6,170)   (132,954)     (6,979)          (98)    (360,607)              –     (811,231)


   CARRYING VALUE
   At December 31, 2020           719,826      95,398         6,082     193,525       4,646             –      755,738         33,746     1,808,961


   At December 31, 2019           703,301     113,910         3,992     206,037       4,531             –      658,960         18,718     1,709,449



                                                                                                             Annual Report 2020              127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




21. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Cont’d)
      The above items of property, plant and equipment, except for mineral assets, taking into account the residual
      value, are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets as
      follows:

      Buildings                                         Over the shorter of the term of lease, or 24 years
      Crushers                                          10 to 14 years
      Furniture and office equipment                    2 to 5 years
      Machinery and equipment                           2 to 10 years
      Motor vehicles                                    5 to 10 years
      Leasehold improvements                            Over the shorter of the term of lease, or 5.5 years

      Mineral assets mainly represent drilling, stripping and related costs incurred on sites with an existing mine and
      on areas within the boundary of a known mineral deposit which contains proven and probable reserves and are
      capitalised when they are incurred to improve access to the future ores. Mineral assets are depreciated using the
      unit-of-production method based on the actual production volume over the estimated total proven and probable
      reserves of the mines.

      Mineral Assets
      (a)   CSH Gold Mine
            CSH Gold Mine, in which the Group holds a 96.5% equity interest, consists of a licensed area of 36 square
            kilometers (“km2”) in the western part of Inner Mongolia, northern China. The site is centrally positioned
            within the east-west-trending Tian Shan Gold Belt and is approximately 650 kilometers (“km”) northwest
            of Beijing. The carrying value of the CSH Gold Mine in relation to mineral assets is US$275,068,000 as at
            December 31, 2020 (December 31, 2019: US$294,844,000).

      (b)   Jiama Mine
            The Jiama Mine, a large copper-gold polymetallic deposit consisting of skarn-type and hornfels-type
            mineralization located in Metrorkongka County in Tibet, in which the Group holds 100% equity interest
            through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Skyland. The Group acquired Skyland on December 1, 2010. The
            carrying value of the Jiama Mine in relation to mineral assets is US$480,670,000 as at December 31, 2020
            (December 31, 2019: US$364,116,000).




128     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




22. MINING RIGHTS
                                                                                                                                     US$’000


   COST
   At January 1, 2019                                                                                                              1,000,965
   Additions                                                                                                                          11,141
   Exchange realignment                                                                                                               (1,534)


   At December 31, 2019                                                                                                            1,010,572
   Exchange realignment                                                                                                                5,604


   At December 31, 2020                                                                                                            1,016,176


   ACCUMULATED AMORTISATION
   At January 1, 2019                                                                                                                 (80,898)
   Provided for the year                                                                                                              (29,397)
   Exchange realignment                                                                                                                    96


   At December 31, 2019                                                                                                             (110,199)
   Provided for the year                                                                                                             (38,021)
   Exchange realignment                                                                                                                 (697)


   At December 31, 2020                                                                                                             (148,917)


   CARRYING VALUE
   At December 31, 2020                                                                                                              867,259


   At December 31, 2019                                                                                                              900,373

   Notes:
   The amounts represent two mining rights in the Jiama Mine and CSH Gold Mine. Mining rights in the Jiama Mine are in relation to the
   copper and other by-products production, acquired through the acquisition of Skyland. The mining permit will expire in 2023. The Group
   acquired mining rights in the CSH Gold Mine from the Department of Natural Resources of Inner Mongolia in relation to gold production
   at a consideration of US$11.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2019. The mining permit will expire in 2026. The Group
   considers that it will be able to renew the mining rights with the relevant government authority continuously until the end of mine life.

   Amortisation on mining rights acquired is provided to write off the cost of the mining rights using the unit-of-
   production method based on the actual production volume over the estimated total proven and probable reserves
   of the mines.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2020           129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




23. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Group entered into a cooperation agreement (the “Cooperation
      Agreement”) with an independent third party property developer, Zhongxinfang Tibet Construction Investment
      Co. Ltd. (“Zhongxinfang”) in relation to the development of a composite project in Lhasa, Tibet, China. Pursuant
      to the Cooperation Agreement, the Group agreed to transfer the land use right for the development and
      Zhongxinfang agreed to compensate the Group by transferring a block of the buildings and twenty car parks
      (the “New Premises”) within two years from the date of the Cooperation Agreement (the “Land Exchange”)
      and all related tax exposures including but not limited to LAT, EIT and other related tax. During the year ended
      December 31, 2019, the land use right was transferred to Zhongxinfang.. Accordingly, the Group derecognised
      the right-of-use assets with a carrying amount of approximately US$999,000 (equivalent to RMB6,970,000) at
      the date of transfer, and recognised the right to receive the New Premises of approximately US$17,954,000
      (equivalent to RMB125,252,000), which approximates the fair value of the New Premises at the date of transfer
      and the other receivables of US$7,980,000 (equivalent to RMB55,669,000) relating to the tax reimbursement
      from the Developer. The related gain and income tax expenses of approximately US$25,312,000 (equivalent
      to RMB174,502,000) and US$8,155,000 (equivalent to RMB56,220,000) has been recognised in the profit or
      loss respectively during the year ended December 31, 2019. The right to receive the New Premises was initially
      recognised at its fair value and subsequently carried at cost less impairment. As disclosed in note 33, the lawsuit
      related to settlement of the tax reimbursement from Zhongxinfang is still in process but the Group assessed that
      there is no impairment of the receivable amount of US$9,211,000 (equivalent to RMB60,104,000, taking into
      account the additional payments made in the current year to be reimbursed from Zhongxinfang as details below)
      as at December 31, 2020 (December 31, 2019: US$7,980,000 (equivalent to RMB55,669,000). Based on the
      Cooperation Agreement, Zhongxinfang is obligated to deliver the New Premises to the Group no later than 2021.
      As at December 31, 2020 and up to the date these consolidated financial statements are authorised for issue, the
      composite project is still suspended due to litigations against Zhongxinfang. Based on Group’s assessment on the
      completion status of the New Premises, the construction of the New Premises has been substantially completed
      and there has been no significant market value decline of comparable properties during the current year.
      Accordingly, no impairment loss (2019: nil) has been made on the other non-current assets as the directors of the
      Company are of the opinion that the recoverable amount of the non-current assets is above its carrying amount of
      US$19,196,000 (equivalent to RMB125,252,000) as at December 31, 2020.

      During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Group had an uncertain tax position in respect of tax exposure
      whereby the Company transferred the land use right in return of the New Premises based on the most likely
      amount of tax expenses. The most likely amount of tax expenses including LAT and EIT is calculated by the
      respective tax rates on land value stated in the cooperation agreement and gain on recognition of other assets,
      respectively, based on current facts and circumstances. However, the tax expenses may be subject to change
      as the tax assessable amount is based on final decision by the relevant tax authority. As at December 31, 2020,
      the most likely amount of the relevant tax liabilities amounting to RMB14,449,000 (equivalent to US$2,214,000)
      (December 31, 2019: RMB56,220,000 (equivalent to US$8,059,000)) has been recognised. During the year
      ended December 31, 2020, the Group’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co. Ltd.
      (“Huatailong”) has paid LAT amounting to RMB38,152,000 (equivalent to US$5,425,000) and other surcharges
      of RMB8,031,000 (equivalent to US$1,142,000) to the tax authority. The Group reversed the LAT overprovision
      of RMB3,619,000 (equivalent to US$525,000) and recognized a gain of other surcharge of US$1,142,000 to be
      reimbursed from Zhongxinfang.




130    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




24. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED EXPENSES
   Accounts and other payables of the Group are principally comprised of amounts outstanding for trade purchases
   relating to minerals production activities and construction activities. The average credit period taken for trade
   purchases is between 120 to 150 days.

   Accounts and other payables and accrued expenses comprise the following:

                                                                                      December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                             2020              2019
                                                                                          US$'000           US$'000


   Accounts payable                                                                        45,634             38,610
   Bills payable                                                                           63,494             95,911
   Construction costs payable                                                             145,973            121,576
   Mining cost accrual                                                                      3,524             11,547
   Payroll and benefit payable                                                                257              2,578
   Other accruals                                                                           3,306              2,958
   Other tax payables                                                                       3,053              7,836
   Other payables                                                                           7,589              6,917
   Payable for acquisition of a mining right                                                7,762              8,470


   Total accounts and other payables and accrued expenses                                 280,592            296,403


   The following is an aging analysis of the accounts payable presented based on the invoice date at the end of the
   reporting period:

                                                                                      December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                             2020              2019
                                                                                          US$'000           US$'000


   Less than 30 days                                                                       26,263                15,816
   31 to 90 days                                                                            9,628                 8,282
   91 to 180 days                                                                           2,496                 4,872
   Over 180 days                                                                            7,247                 9,640


   Total accounts payable                                                                  45,634                38,610


   The credit period for bills payable is 180 days from the bills issue date.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2020     131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




24. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED EXPENSES (Cont’d)
      The following is an ageing analysis of bills payable, presented based on bills issue date at the end of the reporting
      period:

                                                                                       December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                              2020                 2019
                                                                                           US$'000              US$'000


      Less than 30 days                                                                       27,720               21,003
      31 to 60 days                                                                            6,832                9,532
      61 to 90 days                                                                           13,867               15,233
      91 to 180 days                                                                          15,075               50,143


      Total bills payable                                                                     63,494               95,911


25. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                       December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                              2020                 2019
                                                                                           US$'000              US$'000


      Copper concentrate                                                                       2,878                  6,783


      At January 1, 2019, contract liabilities amounted to US$4,593,000.

      The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised relates to carried-forward contract liabilities.

                                                                                            Copper concentrate
                                                                                       December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                              2020                 2019
                                                                                           US$'000              US$'000


      Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
        liability balance at the beginning of the year                                         6,783                  4,593


      Typical payment terms which have an impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognised are as follows:

      When the Group receives a deposit before the goods are delivered, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the
      start of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit. The
      Group typically receives 100% deposit on acceptance of sales order for copper concentrate including orders by-
      products.




132     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




26. BORROWINGS
                                                                                                 December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                        2020                   2019
                                                                                                     US$'000                US$'000


   Bank loans                                                                                         859,476                  657,951
   Loans payable to a CNG subsidiary                                                                   38,305                   50,171
   Bonds                                                                                              296,616                  506,979


                                                                                                   1,194,397                1,215,101


   The borrowings are repayable as follows:

                                                                                                 December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                        2020                   2019
                                                                                                     US$'000                US$'000


   Carrying amount repayable within one year (1) (2) (3) (4) (5)                                      140,303                  582,952
   Carrying amount repayable within one to two years (2) (3) (4) (5)                                  118,228                  157,679
   Carrying amount repayable within two to five years (2) (3) (4) (5)                                 519,002                  204,983
   Carrying amount repayable over five years (4) (5)                                                  416,864                  269,487


                                                                                                   1,194,397                1,215,101
   Less: Amounts due within one year (shown under current liabilities)                              (140,303)                (582,952)


   Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                                     1,054,094                   632,149


   (1)   On July 7, 2017, the Company (as “Guarantor”), through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Skyland Mining (BVI) Limited (“Skyland
         (BVI)”), completed the issuance of bonds to independent third parties in an aggregate principal amount of US$500 million, listed
         on the Stock Exchange. The bonds were issued at a price of 99.663%, bearing coupon rate of 3.25% with a maturity date of July 6,
         2020. Interest is payable in equal semi-annual instalments on January 6 and July 6 in each year. The bonds were fully repaid on
         July 6, 2020.
   (2)   On June 23, 2020, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Skyland (BVI), completed the issuance of bonds to
         independent third parties in an aggregate principal amount of US$300 million, listed on the Stock Exchange and ChongWa (Macao)
         Financial Asset Exchange CO., Limited. The bonds were issued at a price of 99.886%, bearing coupon rate of 2.80% with a
         maturity date of June 23, 2023. Interest is payable in equal semi-annual instalments on December 23 and June 23 in each year.
   (3)   As at December 31, 2020, included in the Group’s borrowing balance are loans payable to a CNG’s subsidiary with an amount
         of RMB249,934,000 (equivalent to approximately US$38,305,000) (2019: RMB350,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
         US$50,171,000)). Details of balances with related parties are set out in note 32 (a).




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2020         133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




26. BORROWINGS (Cont’d)
      (4)   Skyland entered into a syndicated long term loan facility agreement with a syndicate of banks (“The Lenders”), on November
            3, 2015 which is available for Skyland to draw down up to October 30, 2018. Subsequently, a supplementary agreement was
            signed for the extension of the draw down period to October 30, 2020. As at December 31, 2020, Skyland has the outstanding
            loan amount of RMB3,360,000,000 (equivalent to approximately US$514,950,000) (2019: RMB3,640,000,000 (equivalent to
            approximately US$521,774,000)). The loan carries a floating rate, currently set at 2.65% per annum, set by the People’s Bank of
            China National Interbank Funding Center Loan Prime Rate benchmark, discounted by 200 base points (or 2.00%) effective from
            June 30, 2020. The loan carried an interest rate of 2.83% per annum, set by the People’s Bank of China Lhasa Center Branch’s
            interest rate bench mark, discounted by 7 base points (or 0.07%) as at December 31, 2019. Repayment of the loan is scheduled
            to begin in May 2019 and will reach full maturity and repayment in November 2028. The loan is subject to a financial covenant
            with which the Company was in compliance as at December 31, 2020 and 2019, after the assessment performed by the directors
            of the Company.
      (5)   Skyland entered into a syndicated long term loan facility agreement with a syndicate of banks (“The Lenders”), on April 27, 2020
            which is available for Skyland to draw down up to May 31, 2020. As at December 31, 2020, Skyland has the outstanding loan
            amount of RMB1,370,000,000 (equivalent to approximately US$209,965,000). The loan carries a floating rate, currently set at
            2.65% per annum, set by the People’s Bank of China National Interbank Funding Center Loan Prime Rate benchmark, discounted
            by 200 base points (or 2.00%) as at December 31, 2020. Repayment of the loan is scheduled to begin in October 2020 and
            will reach full maturity and repayment in April 2034. The loan is subject to a financial covenant with which the Company was in
            compliance as at December 31, 2020, after the assessment performed by the directors of the Company.

      Analysed as:

                                                                                                   December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                          2020                    2019
                                                                                                       US$'000                 US$'000


      Secured                                                                                            740,231                  521,774
      Unsecured                                                                                          454,166                  693,327


                                                                                                      1,194,397                1,215,101


      Fixed rate loans amounting to approximately US$365,266,000 (December 31, 2019: US$693,327,000), carry
      weighted average effective interest rate of 2.68% (2019: 3.47%) per annum.

      The carrying values of the pledged assets to secure borrowings by the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                   December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                          2020                    2019
                                                                                                       US$'000                 US$'000


      Mining rights                                                                                      859,793                  891,488
      Bills receivables (note 16)                                                                         15,316                        –


                                                                                                         875,109                  891,488




134     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




27. ENTRUSTED LOAN PAYABLE
    On January 16, 2017, the Group entered into a three-year entrusted loan agreement with CNG (note 32) and
    China National Gold Group Finance Company Limited (“China Gold Finance”), a subsidiary of CNG, in which CNG
    provided a loan of RMB200 million (equivalent to approximately US$29,186,000 based on the spot rate at the
    withdrawal date) to the Group through China Gold Finance as the entrusted bank. The entrusted loan is unsecured
    and carries interest at a fixed rate of 2.75% per annum. The principal amount was repayable on January 15, 2020
    and extended during the year ended December 31, 2020, for another 3 years until January 15, 2023.

    Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, the amount of RMB200 million (equivalent to approximately
    US$30,652,000) was early repaid in full.

28. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                    Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                  December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                          2020                 2019
                                                                                      US$'000              US$'000


    Lease liabilities payable:
      Within one year                                                                        95                   89
      Within a period of more than one year but not more than two years                     104                   93
      Within a period of more than two years but not more than five years                   248                  320
      Within a period of more than five years                                                 –                   31


                                                                                            447                  533
    Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months shown
            under current liabilities                                                        (95)                (89)


    Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown
     under non-current liabilities                                                          352                  444


    The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities range is 5.24% (2019: 5.24%).




                                                                                          Annual Report 2020     135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




29. DEFERRED INCOME
                                                             December 31,   December 31,
                                                                    2020           2019
                                                                 US$'000        US$'000


      Deferred income – government grants                          2,314           2,667
      Deferred lease inducement                                       19              19


      Total deferred income                                        2,333           2,686


      Movement in the deferred income – government grants:

                                                                   2020           2019
                                                                 US$’000        US$’000


      At January 1                                                 2,667           3,459
      Addition                                                        79             126
      Credited to other income                                      (772)           (824)
      Exchange realignment                                           340             (94)


      At December 31                                               2,314           2,667




136    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




30. ENVIRONMENTAL REHABILITATION
   The environmental rehabilitation relates to reclamation and closure costs relating to the Group’s mine operations
   at the CSH Gold Mine and Jiama Mine. The environmental rehabilitation is calculated as the net present value of
   estimated future net cash flows of the reclamation and closure costs of US$128,375,000 (2019: US$91,069,000),
   discounted at 6.5% (2019: 4.6%) per annum at December 31, 2020.

   The following is an analysis of the environmental rehabilitation:

                                                                                        2020                 2019
                                                                                      US$’000              US$’000


   At January 1                                                                         63,145                59,469
   Additions to site reclamation                                                        23,134                     –
   Changes from change in discount rate during the year                                 (8,582)                2,514
   Accretion incurred in the current year                                                2,410                 2,217
   Payment during the year                                                                 (60)                  (66)
   Exchange realignment                                                                  5,616                  (989)


   At December 31                                                                       85,663                63,145


   In compliance with the prevailing regulations regulatory and requirements of Metrorkongka County Natural
   Resources Bureau, the Group updated the estimated future cash flows of reclamation and closure costs with
   increment of RMB159,560,000 (equivalent to US$23,134,000) (2019: nil), with the assistance of an independent
   specialist during the year ended December 31, 2020. The environmental rehabilitation is determined based on
   the Jiama Mine’s latest closure plan being approved by Tibet Land and Mineral Rights Transaction and Resource
   Reserve Evaluation Center during the year ended December 31, 2020.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2020     137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




31. SHARE CAPITAL
      Common shares
      (i)    Authorized – Unlimited common shares without par value

      (ii)   Issued and outstanding

                                                                                             Number
                                                                                           of shares              Amount
                                                                                                                 US$'000
             Issued & fully paid:
               At January 1, 2019, December 31, 2019 and 2020                          396,413,753             1,229,061

32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control the other party or exercise significant influence
      in making financial and operation decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to
      common control. CNG, a state owned company registered in Beijing, PRC, which is controlled by State-owned
      Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of the PRC, is able to exercise significant
      influence over the Company.

      The management believes that information relating to related party transactions have been adequately disclosed in
      accordance with the requirements of IAS 24 “Related party disclosures”.

      In addition to the related party transactions and balances shown elsewhere in these consolidated financial
      statements, the following is a summary of significant related party transactions entered into in the ordinary course
      of business between the Group and its related parties for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019.

      Name and relationship with related parties during the years are as follows:

      CNG owned the following percentages of outstanding common shares of the Company:

                                                                                      December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                             2020                 2019
                                                                                                %                    %


      CNG                                                                                     40.01                 39.30




138      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
   (a)   Transactions/balances with CNG and its subsidiaries
         The Group had the following transactions with CNG and CNG’s subsidiaries:

                                                                                                December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                       2020                    2019
                                                                                                    US$'000                 US$'000


         Gold doré bars sales by the Group (Note a)                                                   260,074                  205,212


         Copper and other by-product sales by the Group (Note b)                                      166,671                   79,531


         Provision of transportation services by the Group (Note b)                                         658                     830


         Construction, stripping and mining services provided to
           the Group (Note b)                                                                           16,627                    9,498


         Accrued rental expenses for PRC office (Note b)                                                    459                   3,730


         Commitment fee                                                                                     695                        –


         Interest income                                                                                    113                       17


         Interest expense                                                                                2,676                    3,081


         Loans provided to the Group (Note c)                                                           15,316                  50,769


         Cash and cash equivalents held by the Group (Note c)                                           14,304                  14,202


         Notes:
         a.       On May 7, 2014, the Company’s subsidiary, IMP entered into an exclusive contract for the sale of doré with CNG pursuant
                  to which IMP sells gold doré bars to CNG for the period up to December 31, 2017. On May 26, 2017, the Company and
                  IMP entered into the Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Dore for an extended term commencing on January
                  1, 2018 and expiring on December 31, 2020. On May 6, 2020, the Company and IMP entered into the third Supplemental
                  Contract for Purchase and Sale of Dore for an extended term commencing on January 1, 2021 and expiring on December
                  31, 2023.
                  The extent of the continuing connected transactions for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 did not exceed the
                  limit as set out in the announcements of the Company on May 31, 2017.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2020         139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
      (a)   Transactions/balances with CNG and its subsidiaries (Cont’d)
            Notes: (Cont’d)
            b.    On April 26, 2013, the Company entered into a product and service framework agreement with CNG for the provision of
                  mining related services and products to the Company for three years until June 18, 2016. The agreement was amended
                  to extend the term of the agreement to December 31, 2017 and to include copper concentrates sales contract and
                  office lease contract with CNG since May 29, 2015. On May 26, 2017, the Company and CNG entered into the second
                  supplemental product and service framework agreement to extend the term to December 31, 2020 and to extend the scope
                  of the supplemental product and service framework agreement to include leasing services to be provided by Zhongxin
                  International Financial Leasing (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd., the shares of which are 80% owned by CNG. On May 6, 2020, the
                  Company and CNG entered into the third supplemental product and service framework agreement to extend the term to
                  December 31, 2023.
                  The extent of the continuing connected transactions for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 did not exceed the
                  limit as set out in the announcement of the Company on May 31, 2017.
            c.    On December 18, 2017, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a deposit services agreement (“Deposit
                  Services Agreement”) pursuant to which the Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, make withdrawals and
                  deposits with China Gold Finance up to a daily maximum deposit balance (including interest) not exceeding RMB100
                  million (approximately equivalent to US$15 million) and commencing from January 1, 2018 for one year.
                  On December 18, 2018, the Deposit Services Agreement has been extended for a one year term to December 31, 2019
                  pursuant to the supplemental deposit services agreement.
                  On December 31, 2019, the Deposit Services Agreement have been extended for a one year term to December 31, 2020
                  pursuant to the supplemental deposit services agreement, all other terms and conditions remain the same.
                  On December 22, 2020, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into an additional Deposit Services Agreement
                  pursuant to which the Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, make withdrawals and deposits with China
                  Gold Finance up to a daily maximum deposit balance (including interest) not exceeding RMB180 million (approximately
                  equivalent to US$28 million) and extend for one year term to December 31, 2021 with all other terms and conditions
                  remaining the same.
                  The extend of the connected transaction for deposit services for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 did not
                  exceed the limit as set out in the announcement of the Company on December 19, 2017.
                  On March 25, 2019, IMP and China Gold Finance entered into a loan agreement pursuant to which China Gold Finance
                  agreed to provide financial assistance to be used towards daily operation working capital of RMB350 million (approximately
                  equivalent to US$50 million) for a term of 36 months, and detail of terms as set out in loans payable to a CNG subsidiary
                  below.
                  On December 31, 2020, the Group discounted the bills received of RMB100 million (approximately equivalent to US$15
                  million) to China Gold Finance with recourse. As the Group has not transferred substantially all the risks and rewards
                  of ownership of the bills receivables, the carrying values of bills received continue to be recognised as assets in the
                  consolidated financial statements as set out in note 15 and accordingly, the liabilities associated with such bills are
                  recognised as secured borrowing repayable within one year (note 26) based on the matured dates of bills.




140    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
   (a)   Transactions/balances with CNG and its subsidiaries (Cont’d)
         The Group has the following significant balances with CNG and its subsidiaries at the end of each reporting
         period:

                                                                                  December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                         2020                2019
                                                                                      US$'000             US$'000


         Assets
         Amounts due from related companies (note 15)                                    1,498                  2,020
         Cash and cash equivalents held in a CNG’s subsidiary                           14,304                 14,202
         Deposits                                                                            –                     90


         Total amounts due from CNG and its subsidiaries                                15,802                 16,312


         Other than the cash and cash equivalents held in a CNG subsidiary and deposits paid to CNG subsidiaries,
         the remaining amounts due from CNG and its subsidiaries as at December 31, 2020 and 2019, which are
         included in trade, bills and other receivables is non-interest bearing, unsecured and recoverable on demand.

                                                                                  December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                         2020                2019
                                                                                      US$'000             US$'000


         Liabilities
         Loans payable to a CNG’s subsidiary (note 26)                                  38,305                 50,171
         Entrusted loan payable (note 27)                                               30,652                 28,669
         Construction costs payable to CNG’s subsidiaries                                7,296                 22,860
         Trade payable to CNG’s subsidiaries                                               280                    930
         Amount due to CNG                                                                 258                     33
         Contract liabilities with a CNG’s subsidiary                                    2,539                  2,253


         Total amounts due to CNG and its subsidiaries                                  79,330              104,916


         As at December 31, 2020, the loans payable to a CNG’s subsidiary, which are included in borrowings, carry
         fixed interest rates at 4.51% (2019: 4.51%) per annum and are unsecured and repayable in two years (2019:
         three years) and classified as non-current (2019: non-current). With the exception of the entrusted loan
         payable to CNG (terms are set out in note 27) and loans payable to a CNG’s subsidiary, the amounts due
         to CNG and its subsidiaries which are included in other payables and construction costs payable, are non-
         interest bearing, unsecured and have no fixed terms of repayments.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2020     141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
      (b) Compensation of key management personnel
           Other than the directors’ emoluments disclosed in note 11 (a), the Group has the following compensation to
           other key management personnel during the years:

                                                                                        Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                      December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                              2020                 2019
                                                                                          US$'000              US$'000


           Salaries and other benefits                                                          653                   678
           Post-employment benefits                                                               8                    21


                                                                                                661                   699


33. CONTINGENCIES
      During the year ended December 31, 2020, there was a construction contract dispute between independent
      third parties including the constructor, Huaxin Construction Group Co., Ltd. (formerly named as “Nantong
      Huaxin Construction Group Co., Ltd.”) (“Huaxin”) and Zhongxinfang, and the Group’s subsidiary, Huatailong.
      The land use right was transferred to Zhongxinfang in 2019 pursuant to the cooperation agreement signed
      between Zhongxinfang and Huatailong in 2019 in relation to the Land Exchange (note 23). Huaxin proceeded a
      lawsuit against the parties to the construction contract, Zhongxinfang and Huatailong, for the recoverability of the
      construction costs of RMB149 million (equivalent to US$21,319,000) and applied for pre-litigation preservation of
      assets from Huatailong. The Intermediate People’s Court of Lhasa City, Tibet, adjudicated that the bank deposit of
      RMB140 million (equivalent to US$19,775,000) of Huatailong to be frozen for one year from April 10, 2020 (the
      “1st Adjudication”). Based on the adjudication of the Intermediate People’s Court of Lhasa City, Tibet after the 1st
      Adjudication on December 1, 2020 and related notice of execution effective from December 3, 2020, the related
      frozen bank deposit of US$19,775,000 of Huatailong was released and reclassified from restricted bank balances
      to cash and cash equivalents accordingly.

      Based on the first instance adjudication dated July 23, 2020 (the “First Instance Adjudication”), the litigation
      ruling adjudicated that Zhongxinfang and Huatailong shall have the joint obligation for the construction costs
      of RMB140 million (equivalent to US$20,070,000) to Huaxin. Pursuant to the cooperation agreement signed
      between Zhongxinfang and Huatailong in 2019, Huatailong is not involved in the construction process. The related
      costs are the sole responsibilities of Zhongxinfang. Huatailong proceeded an appeal against the First Instance
      Adjudication on August 17, 2020. Huatailong has no obligation for the aforesaid construction costs as the High
      People’s Court of Lhasa City, Tibet entered the final instance adjudication dated November 20, 2020 (the “Final
      Instance Adjudication”) and rescinded the First Instance Adjudication.




142     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




33. CONTINGENCIES (Cont’d)
   As disclosed in note 23, Huatailong has paid the tax and other surcharges related to the Land Exchange during
   the year ended December 31, 2020 and expects to recover such payments from Zhongxinfang in accordance with
   the cooperation agreement between Huatailong and Zhongxinfang signed in 2019. On July 8, 2020, Huatailong
   applied for pre-litigation preservation of assets from Zhongxinfang, the Intermediate People’s Court of Lhasa
   City, Tibet, adjudicated that the value of properties limited to RMB46 million (equivalent to US$6,609,000) from
   Zhongxinfang was frozen for one year (the “Pre-litigation Preservation”). Based on the first instance adjudication
   dated November 20, 2020 in relation to the lawsuit against Zhongxinfang for the recoverability of the tax and other
   surcharges (the “Tax and Other Surcharge”) paid by Huatailong, which became final adjudication upon expiry of
   appeal application in December 2020, the litigation ruling adjudicated that Zhongxinfang shall repay the Tax and
   Other Surcharge of RMB46 million (equivalent to US$6,997,000) to Huatailong (the “November Adjudication”)
   within 30 days from the effective date of the November Adjudication (the “Due Date”). As Zhongxinfang has not
   settled such amount within the Due Date, Huatailong applied for an enforcement of the November Adjudication
   in January 2021 (the “Enforcement”). Based on legal advice, the Enforcement is currently under proceeding
   and the result is not ascertain as at the date these consolidated financial statements are authorised for issue.
   In the opinion of the directors of the Company, ECL on other receivables is insignificant based on the credit risk
   assessment for the year ended December 31, 2020, taking into account the Group has first priority of claim over
   one of the assets under pre-litigation preservation, and the estimated fair value of such asset exceeds the carry
   amount of the other receivable related to the Tax and Other Surcharge.

34. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
   The Group manages its common shares as capital. The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard
   the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern in order to operate its mines, pursue the development of its
   mineral properties and to maintain a flexible capital structure which optimizes the costs of capital at an acceptable
   risk. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior years.

   The Group manages the capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of operating results, changes
   in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital
   structure, the Group may attempt to issue new shares, issue of new debt, redemption of existing debt.

   In order to facilitate the management of its capital requirements, the Group prepares annual expenditure budgets
   that are updated as necessary depending on various factors, including operating results, successful capital
   deployment and general industry conditions. The annual and updated budgets are approved by the board of
   directors of the Company.

   In order to maximize ongoing development efforts, the Group does not currently have a recurring dividend policy.
   The Group’s policy is to invest its short-term excess cash in fixed bank deposits with maturities of 90 days or
   less from the original date of acquisition, selected with regards to the expected timing of expenditures from its
   operations.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2020     143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                                    December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                                        US$'000           US$'000


      Financial assets
      Financial assets at amortised cost                                                                  277,236         214,642
      Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                                         20,824          17,059


      Financial liabilities
      At amortised cost                                                                                 1,495,501        1,515,254


      Financial assets at amortised cost as at December 31, 2020 and 2019 respectively are as follows:

                                                                                                    December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                                        US$'000           US$'000


      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           243,288         182,290
      Restricted bank balances                                                                              5,069          17,687
      Trade, bills and other receivables (1)                                                               28,503          14,314
      Amount due from a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary
        (included in prepaid expenses)                                                                          376           351


                                                                                                          277,236         214,642


      Financial liabilities at amortised cost as at December 31, 2020 and 2019 are as follows:

                                                                                                    December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                                        US$'000           US$'000


      Accounts and other payables (2)                                                                     270,452         271,484
      Borrowings
        – Loans, other than syndicated loan                                                               469,482         693,327
        – Syndicated loan                                                                                 724,915         521,774
      Entrusted loan payable                                                                               30,652          28,669


                                                                                                        1,495,501        1,515,254


      (1)   Excluded VAT recoverables.
      (2)   Excluded mining cost accrual, other accruals, payroll and benefit payable and other tax payables.

      The Group’s financial instruments are exposed to certain financial risks including market risk (e.g. currency risk,
      interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.



144     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
   (a)   Currency risk
         The Group is exposed to the financial risk related to the fluctuation of foreign exchange rates for the
         monetary assets and liabilities denominated in the currencies other than the functional currencies to which
         they related. The Group has not hedged its exposure to currency fluctuations. However, the Management
         monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should
         the need arise.

         At the end of each reporting period, Huatailong of which its functional currency is RMB, had US$
         denominated intra-group borrowings from Skyland (BVI). The intra-group borrowing is approximately
         US$42,961,000 (2019: US$225,550,000) as at December 31, 2020.

         The Group is mainly exposed to exchange rate fluctuation of RMB and US$.

         RMB monetary assets and (liabilities)
                                                                                 December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                        2020                 2019
                                                                                     US$'000              US$'000


         Cash and cash equivalents                                                      15,508               39,623
         Restricted bank balances                                                        5,069               17,687
         Trade, bills and other receivables                                                352                1,266
         Accounts and other payables                                                   (38,108)             (99,308)
         Borrowings                                                                    (53,334)             (78,839)


                                                                                       (70,513)           (119,571)


         Based on the above net exposures, and assuming that all other variables remain constant, a 5% (2019: 5%)
         depreciation/appreciation of the RMB against the US$ would result in an increase/decrease in the Group’s
         profit for the year of approximately US$2,644,000 (2019: decrease/increase in the Group’s loss for the year
         of approximately US$5,082,000) for the year ended December 31, 2020.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2020    145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
      (a)   Currency risk (Cont’d)
            US$ monetary assets and (liabilities)
                                                                                       December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                              2020                 2019
                                                                                           US$'000              US$'000


            Cash and cash equivalents                                                            13                    18
            Inter-company loans                                                             (42,961)             (225,550)
            Other payables                                                                 (110,003)             (127,735)


                                                                                           (152,951)             (353,267)


            Based on the above net exposures, and assuming that all other variables remain constant, a 5% (2019: 5%)
            depreciation/appreciation of the US$ against the RMB would result in an increase/decrease in the Group’s
            profit for the year of approximately US$6,959,000 (2019: decrease/increase in the Group’s loss for the year
            of approximately US$16,074,000) for the year ended December 31, 2020.

            In the Management’s opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange
            risk as the year end exposure does not reflect the exposure during the year.

      (b) Interest rate risk
            Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value in relation to bank balances, borrowings, entrusted loan
            payable, loans payable to a CNG subsidiary and lease liabilities of US$394,998,000 (2019: US$719,170,000)
            bearing fixed interest rate or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in
            market interest rates. The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk on the variable rate bank balances
            and variable-rate bank borrowings (see note 26 for details of these borrowings).

            Sensitivity analysis
            The following analysis is prepared assuming the variable rate bank balances and borrowings outstanding
            at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year and all other variables were held
            constant. A 25 basis point (2019: 25 basis points) increase or decrease is used when reporting interest rate
            risk internally to key management personnel and represents the Management’s assessment of the reasonably
            possible change in interest rates.




146    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
   (b) Interest rate risk (Cont’d)
         Sensitivity analysis (Cont’d)
         The analysis below reflects the sensitivity that the interest rate may be higher/lower by 25 basis points (2019:
         25 basis points).

                                                                                       Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                     December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                             2020                 2019
                                                                                         US$'000              US$'000


         25 basis points (2019: 25 basis points) higher
           – decrease in profit (2019: increase in loss) for the year                       (1,070)                 (599)
           – addition in finance costs capitalised                                              28                    14


         25 basis points (2019: 25 basis points) lower
           – increase in profit (2019: decrease in loss) for the year                        1,070                   599
           – reduction in finance costs capitalised                                            (28)                  (14)


         The Group monitors interest rate exposure and will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should
         the need arise.

   (c)   Other price risk
         The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in equity securities listed in Hong Kong.
         The Group’s equity price risk is mainly concentrated on equity instruments operating in the mining industry
         sector quoted on the Stock Exchange. In addition, the Group also invested in unquoted equity securities for
         an investee operating in the chemical and public utility industries for long term strategic purposes which had
         been designated as FVTOCI. The Group has formed a team led by the Chief Financial Officer to monitor the
         price risk and will consider hedging the risk exposure should the need arise.

         Sensitivity analysis
         The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risk at the
         reporting date. No sensitivity analysis is presented for unlisted investments as the directors of the Company
         consider the amounts of unlisted investments to be insignificant. If the prices of the respective listed equity
         instruments had been 10% (2019: 10%) higher/lower, investments revaluation reserve would increase/
         decrease by US$2,002,000 (2019: increase/decrease by US$1,649,000) for the Group as a result of the
         changes in fair value of listed investment at FVTOCI (2019: investment at FVTOCI).




                                                                                             Annual Report 2020     147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
      (d) Credit risk and impairment assessment
          Credit risk is the risk of an unexpected loss if a customer or third party to a financial asset fails to meet its
          contractual obligations. The Group sold approximately 100% (2019: 100%) of its gold to one creditworthy
          customer, CNG, and approximately 28% (2019: 17%) and 43% (2019: 57%) of its copper and other by-
          product to CNG subsidiaries and third-party customers representing 10% or more of the Group’s revenue
          respectively for the year ended December 31, 2020 which exposes the Group to concentration of credit risk.
          The failure of these customers to make required payments could have a negative impact on the Group’s
          results. The Group manages this risk by demanding upfront payment for sales of copper and other by-
          products and has set up monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken for timely settlement
          of receivables from CNG, the CNG subsidiary and third-party customers. The Group reviews the recoverable
          amount of each individual trade debt at the end of the reporting period to ensure the adequate impairment
          losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessments using
          the ECL model on trade balances individually. In this regard, Management considers the Group’s credit risk
          is significantly reduced. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

          The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL on trade receivables as permitted and
          prescribed by IFRS 9.

          The Management assessed the ECL on trade receivables individually. Based on the historical experience of
          the Group, these trade receivables are generally recoverable due to the long term/on-going relationship and
          good repayment record.

          As at December 31, 2020, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate
          carrying amount of US$264,000 (2019: US$295,000) which are past due as at the reporting date. The
          directors of the Company are of the opinion that no default has occurred for the past due balances and the
          balances are still considered fully recoverable due to long-term/on-going relationships and good repayment
          records from these customers.

          Movement in the allowance for credit losses of trade receivables:

                                                                                      December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                             2020                  2019
                                                                                          US$'000               US$'000


          At January 1                                                                            78                    46
          Allowance for credit losses                                                             34                    33
          Exchange realignment                                                                     7                    (1)


          At December 31                                                                        119                     78


          In order to minimise the credit risk on bills received from customers, the Group will only accept bills issued
          by certain licensed banks. Before accepting any bills from customers, the Group will verify the validity of
          each bill. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk associated with
          its bills receivable is limited.




148    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
   (d) Credit risk and impairment assessment (Cont’d)
         The Group was also exposed to credit risk on amount due from related parties and other receivables.
         The Management periodically monitors the financial position of each of the related companies to ensure
         each related company is financially viable to settle the amount due to the Group. The Management makes
         individual assessment on the recoverability of other receivables based on historical settlement records and
         past experience. The directors of the Company believe that there is no material credit risk inherent in the
         Group’s outstanding balance of other receivables except the receivable of the Tax and Other Surcharge, of
         which the impairment assessment has been disclosed in note 33.

         The Group’s cash and short-term bank deposits are held in large PRC and Canadian financial institutions,
         where the credit risks on cash and short-term bank deposits are limited.

         The Group had concentration of credit risk by geographical locations as the financial assets at amortised
         cost comprise various debtors which are located either in the PRC or Canada for the years ended December
         31, 2020 and 2019.

         Other than the concentration of the credit risk on bank balances and accounts receivable, the Group does
         not have any other significant concentration of credit risk.

   (e)   Liquidity risk
         The Group operates in a capital intensive industry. The Group’s liquidity requirements arise principally from
         the need for financing the expansion of its mining and processing operations.

         Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due.
         The Group manages liquidity risk through the management of its capital structure and financial leverage as
         outlined in note 34.

         The Group manages its liquidity primarily through maintaining an adequate level of cash and cash
         equivalents and borrowings.

         In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
         equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects
         of fluctuations in cash flows. The Management monitors the utilisation of borrowings and ensures compliance
         with loan covenants.

         The Group relies on borrowings as a significant source of liquidity, details Details of which are set out in note
         26.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2020      149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
      (e)   Liquidity risk (Cont’d)
            The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturities for its financial liabilities. The table is
            based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group
            can be required to satisfy the liabilities.

            To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate at
            the end of the reporting period:

                                             Weighted     On demand                                              Total
                                               average      or within     1–2        2–5         Over 5   undiscounted     Carrying
                                          interest rate        1 year     years      years        years      cash flow      amount
                                                     %      US$'000     US$'000    US$'000      US$'000       US$'000      US$'000


            At December 31, 2020
            Accounts and other payables              –       270,452          –          –            –        270,452      270,452
            Borrowings                            2.51       163,207    137,636    561,403      458,473      1,320,719    1,194,397
            Entrusted loan payable                2.75           857        904     30,699            –         32,460       30,652
            Lease liabilities                     5.24           116        119        265            –            500          447


                                                             434,632    138,659    592,367      458,473      1,624,131    1,495,948


                                             Weighted     On demand                                               Total
                                               average      or within     1–2        2–5         Over 5   undiscounted     Carrying
                                          interest rate        1 year     years      years        years      cash flow      amount
                                                     %      US$'000     US$'000    US$'000      US$'000       US$'000      US$'000

            At December 31, 2019
            Accounts and other payables              –       271,484          –          –            –        271,484      271,484
            Borrowings                            2.89       604,101    174,747    236,270      287,732      1,302,850    1,215,101
            Entrusted loan payable                2.75        28,700          –          –            –         28,700       28,669
            Lease liabilities                     5.24           106        114        352           31            603          533


                                                             904,391    174,861    236,622      287,763      1,603,637    1,515,787




150    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
   (f)   Fair value
         Equity instruments at FVTOCI – listed equity securities and equity instruments at FVTOCI – unlisted equity
         securities which are measured at fair value based on the quoted bid price in an active market (Level 1) and
         the discounted cash flow model are considered insignificant respectively. The fair values of other financial
         assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost are determined in accordance with generally
         accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis.

         The Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at
         amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values. There was no transfer
         amongst 1, 2 and 3 in the current and prior years.

36. COMMITMENTS
                                                                                  December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                         2020                2019
                                                                                      US$’000             US$’000


   Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of property, plant and
     equipment in the consolidated financial statements
     – contracted but not provided for                                                  35,966                 31,072


37. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
   The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries are members of a state-managed retirement benefits scheme operated
   by the PRC government. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of payroll cost to the
   retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement
   benefits scheme is to make the specified contributions.

   The total cost charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of
   approximately US$3,353,000 and US$5,209,000 for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively,
   represent contributions payable to the scheme by the Group.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2020     151
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




38. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      The table below details changes in the Group’ liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and
      non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash
      flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                         Entrusted loan             Lease          Dividend
                                                          Borrowings            payable         liabilities        payables
                                                            US$’000            US$’000           US$’000           US$’000
                                                           (note 26)          (note 27)         (note 28)


      At January 1, 2020                                  1,215,101             28,669                533                 –
      Financing cash flows                                  (71,179)                 –               (102)             (355)
      Dividend declared                                           –                  –                  –               355
      Exchange difference arising on translation             52,789              1,983                  –                 –
      Unrealised foreign exchange loss, net                   3,782                  –                  –                 –
      Others                                                 (6,096)                 –                 16                 –


      At December 31, 2020                                1,194,397             30,652                447                 –


                                                                        Entrusted loan              Lease          Dividend
                                                          Borrowings           payable           liabilities       payables
                                                            US$’000           US$’000            US$’000           US$’000
                                                           (note 26)         (note 27)          (note 28)


      At January 1, 2019                                  1,210,158             29,140                101                 –
      Financing cash flows                                   15,231                  –                (84)             (165)
      Lease modified                                              –                  –                514                 –
      Dividend declared                                           –                  –                  –               165
      Exchange difference arising on translation            (10,293)              (471)                 –                 –
      Unrealised foreign exchange gain, net                  (1,298)                 –                  –                 –
      Others                                                  1,303                  –                  2                 –


      At December 31, 2019                                1,215,101             28,669                533                 –




152     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




39. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES
   Details of the Company’s subsidiaries at December 31, 2020 and 2019 are as follows:

                                Place and date                   Issued and fully            Equity interest
                                of incorporation/                paid share capital/   attributable to the Group
   Name of subsidiaries         establishment                    registered capital       as at December 31,         Principal activities
                                                                                             2020             2019


   Pacific PGM Inc.             British Virgin Islands (“BVI”)   US$100                   100%              100%     Investment holding
                                   May 17, 2001


   Pacific PGM (Barbados)       Barbados                         US$250,000               100%              100%     Investment holding
     Inc.                         September 6, 2007


   IMP(1)                       PRC                              US$45,000,000            96.5%            96.5%     Engaged in exploration and
                                  April 29, 2002                                                                       development of mining
                                                                                                                       properties in China


   Skyland Mining Limited       Barbados                         US$233,380,700 plus      100%              100%     Investment holding
                                  October 6, 2004                  RMB1,510,549,032


   Jia Ertong (1)               PRC                              US$273,920,000           100%              100%     Exploration, development
                                  October 31, 2003                                                                      and mining of mineral
                                                                                                                        properties and investment
                                                                                                                        holding


   Huatailong(1)                PRC                              RMB1,760,000,000         100%              100%     Exploration, development
                                   January 11, 2007                                                                     and mining of mineral
                                                                                                                        properties


   Jiama Industry and           PRC                              RMB5,000,000               51%              51%     Mining logistics and transport
      Trade(1)                    December 1, 2011                                                                     business


   Skyland (BVI)                BVI                              US$1                     100%              100%     Issue of bonds
                                  October 26, 2012

   (1)      Domestic limited liability company.

   None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year except for Skyland (BVI), which
   has issued listed bonds of US$300 million (2019: US$500 million) as at December 31, 2020. Other than Pacific
   PGM Inc., Pacific PGM (Barbados) Inc. and Skyland (BVI) which are directly held by the Company, all other
   subsidiaries listed above are indirectly held under the Group.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2020              153
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                        December 31,   December 31,
                                                               2020           2019
                                                            US$’000        US$’000
      Current assets
      Cash and cash equivalents                               5,094           7,824
      Other receivables                                       1,034           1,034
      Prepaid expenses and deposits                              90             127

                                                              6,218           8,985

      Non-current assets
      Right-of-use assets                                       438            534
      Property, plant and equipment                               5             10
      Loan receivables from subsidiaries                     67,347         64,790
      Equity instruments at FVTOCI                           20,015         16,485
      Investments in subsidiaries                           987,066        987,066
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                          40,998         42,053

                                                          1,115,869       1,110,938

      Total assets                                        1,122,087       1,119,923


      Current liabilities
      Other payable and accrued expenses                      3,263           2,361
      Lease liabilities                                          95              89

                                                              3,358           2,450

      Net current assets                                      2,860           6,535

      Total assets less current liabilities               1,118,729       1,117,473

      Non-current liabilities
      Lease liabilities                                         352            444
      Deferred income                                            19             19

                                                                371            463

      Total liabilities                                       3,729           2,913

      Owners’ equity
      Share capital (note 31)                             1,229,061       1,229,061
      Reserves (note 41)                                      2,800            (730)
      Accumulated losses (note 41)                         (113,503)       (111,321)

      Total owners’ equity                                1,118,358       1,117,010

      Total liabilities and owners’ equity                1,122,087       1,119,923


154     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020




41. RESERVES AND DEFICITS OF THE COMPANY
                                                                         Accumulated
                                                       Reserves               losses              Total
                                                       US$’000              US$’000            US$’000


   At January 1, 2019                                      440              (105,966)         (105,526)


   Loss for the year                                         –                (5,355)              (5,355)
   Fair value loss on equity instruments at FVTOCI      (1,170)                    –               (1,170)


   Total comprehensive expense for the year             (1,170)               (5,355)              (6,525)


   At December 31, 2019                                   (730)             (111,321)         (112,051)


   Loss for the year                                         –                (2,182)              (2,182)
   Fair value gain on equity instruments at FVTOCI       3,530                     –                3,530


   Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year     3,530                (2,182)              1,348


   At December 31, 2020                                  2,800              (113,503)         (110,703)




                                                                              Annual Report 2020     155
FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY



The consolidated results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from the
audited financial statements are as follows:

                                                                Year ended December 31
                                         2020               2019              2018             2017               2016
                                       US$’000            US$’000           US$’000          US$’000            US$’000


RESULTS
Revenue                                864,032            657,459           570,570           411,881           338,601


Profit (loss) attributable to
  owners of the Company                111,962            (32,837)            (4,837)          63,146           (13,304)


                                                                      At December 31
                                         2020               2019              2018             2017               2016
                                       US$’000            US$’000           US$’000          US$’000            US$’000


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Total assets                         3,322,642           3,197,130         3,215,895        3,230,444         2,966,619
Total liabilities                   (1,727,173)         (1,746,463)       (1,726,657)      (1,720,460)       (1,546,430)


Net assets                           1,595,469          1,450,667         1,489,238         1,509,984         1,420,189


Equity attributable to
  owners of the Company              1,578,522          1,435,337         1,474,433         1,495,336         1,406,457
Non-controlling interests               16,947             15,330            14,805            14,648            13,732


Total owners’ equity                 1,595,469          1,450,667         1,489,238         1,509,984         1,420,189




156     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                     (Incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)
                     HK Stock Exchange Stock Code: 2099
                     Toronto Stock Exchange Stock Code: CGG




                                                                                         2020
                                                                                         Annual Report




2020 Annual Report
