                     (Incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)
                     HK Stock Exchange Stock Code: 2099
                     Toronto Stock Exchange Stock Code: CGG




2025 Annual Report
                     Annual Report
                                                              COMPANY HIGHLIGHTS

THE COMPANY
Overview
China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. (“China Gold International” or “The Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) is a gold and base metal mining company incorporated in British Columbia,
Canada. The Company’s main business involves the operation, acquisition, development and exploration of gold
and base metal mineral properties. The Company’s principal mining operations are the Chang Shan Hao Gold
Mine (“CSH Gold Mine” or “CSH Mine” or “CSH”), located in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, China and the
Jiama Copper-Gold Polymetallic Mine (“Jiama Mine” or “Jiama”), located in Tibet Autonomous Region, China.
China Gold International holds a 96.5% interest in the CSH Gold Mine, while its Chinese joint venture partner
holds the remaining 3.5% interest. China Gold International began its trial gold production at the CSH Gold Mine
in July 2007 and commercial production commenced on July 1, 2008. The Company acquired 100% interest
in the Jiama Mine on December 1, 2010. Jiama hosts a large scale copper-gold polymetallic deposit consisting
of copper, gold, molybdenum, silver, lead and zinc. The Jiama Mine commenced the commercial production of
phase I and phase II in September 2010 and July 2018 respectively.

The Company is working to expand resources and reserves at its existing properties through exploration
programs. The Company also has adopted a growth strategy focused on strategic acquisitions sourced from the
international project pipeline of its principal shareholder China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. (formerly known
as China National Gold Group Corporation) (“China National Gold”) and developing potential partnerships with
other senior and junior mining companies.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2025         1
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO




                                                                                                      Chenguang Hou
                                                                                                      Chairman and
                                                                                                      Chief Executive Officer



Dear Shareholders, Partners, Employees, and Friends,

Hello everyone!

The year 2025 was a highly fruitful and milestone year for China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. On behalf of the
Board of Directors and management team, it is my great privilege to present the remarkable performance of China Gold
International in 2025. Navigating through the complex evolution of the global macroeconomic environment and the fierce
volatility of the precious metals market, we maintained our steadfast confidence in the dual-listed capital markets. With
the resilience and creativity of our employees, and driven by forward-looking strategic vision and resolute execution, we
achieved an outstanding turnaround.

Over the past year, our core assets—the CSH Mine and the Jiama Mine—demonstrated exceptional capacity ramp-up and
operational efficiency, drove a strong rebound and delivered record-breaking financial and operational performance. In 2025,
not only did the Company successfully turn losses into profits, but we also achieved historic breakthroughs in our profitability.
During the last three quarters of 2025, the Company delivered three consecutive quarters of record-high net profit.

In 2025, the capital markets demonstrated enhanced recognition of the Company’s intrinsic value. Our share price reached
successive new highs during the year and, based on the year-end closing price, increased by approximately 3.5 times from
the beginning of the year. We believe that share price movements reflect market dynamics, while true enterprise value
is built over time. This year’s market performance reflects the continued strengthening of our resource base, the steady
advancement of key projects, and the ongoing enhancement of our governance framework. It also underscores market
confidence in the clarity and consistency of our long-term strategy.




2       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                   MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO




Rapid development is never achieved at the expense of safety or the environment. In 2025, we deeply integrated ESG
principles into our daily operations, consistently holding “Safety First, Environment Foremost” as the prerequisite for all
our business activities. We continued to increase investments in smart mining construction and environmental technology
upgrades, striving to build world-class green and ecological mining clusters, while giving back to the local communities.

Looking ahead to 2026, the global geopolitical and economic landscape remains in uncertainty. However, the long-term
strategic asset allocation value of gold and copper is unquestionable. The Company will continue to deepen reform, focus
on the stable production and expansion potential of our core mines, and actively seek high-quality overseas assets with
strong exploration and reserve-expansion potential around the globe to expand our strategic footprint.

Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my deepest appreciation to our employees who continue
to work with dedication in challenging and remote regions, and to extend our sincere thanks to our shareholders, investors,
and partners for their longstanding trust and support.

While we are encouraged by our achievements, we remain focused and disciplined. The Company will continue to pursue
its long-term strategy, execute with consistency, strengthen our operational foundation, and deliver sustainable long-term
value for our shareholders.



Chenguang Hou




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025        3
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Chenguang Hou
Mr. Hou, age 47, appointed as Chairman, Executive Director and CEO of the Company, effected November 14, 2024.

Mr. Hou has over 20 years of experience in the mining sector, including expertise in corporate management, financial
management, audit, legal and compliance management. Since July 2001, Mr. Hou has held several senior executive
roles with the controlling shareholder of the Company, China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. (“CNG”). From October 2014
to August 2020, he served successively as deputy general manager and senior manager of CNG’s finance department.
From November 2020 to November 2024, he held the roles of deputy general manager and general manager of CNG’s
audit and legal department. Since November 2024, he has been appointed as Chairman and general manager of China
National Gold Group Hong Kong Limited. In addition, Mr. Hou has held senior management positions in several mining
companies and is familiar with the production processes and operating practices of listed companies, bringing extensive
experience in executive management.

Mr. Hou has participated in merger and acquisitions of various mining projects, and has extensive experience in assets
injection, financial due diligence, valuation, and legal and compliance matters of listed companies. He led the establishment
of a comprehensive compliance system of China Gold, presided over economic responsibility audits for multiple mining
companies. Additionally, he has maintained strong working relationships with CNG, as well as domestic and international
financial institutions and regulatory institutions.

Mr. Hou is a senior accountant with a Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting from Beijing Wuzi University and enrolled in part-
time graduate studies in business administration at Asia International Open University (Macao).

Yuanhui Fu
Mr. Fu, aged 46, is a senior geologist and has over 20 years of experience in the mining industry. Since December 2021,
he has served as Chairman of Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co., Ltd. (“Tibet Huatailong”). From 2018 to 2021,
Mr. Fu served as Deputy Manager of the Mineral Resources & International Cooperation Department of CNG. From 2014 to
2018, Mr. Fu was Deputy Manager of CNG’s Resource Company Ltd. and Chairman of Aoyoute Mining Ltd., Wulantaolegai
Mining Ltd., Xingyuan Non-Ferrous Metal Ltd. and Daolundaba Copper Ltd.. Mr. Fu was the deputy manager of Tibet
Huatailong between 2012 and 2014. Before 2012, Mr. Fu also held a key role in Strategic Development Department in CNG.

Mr. Fu holds a master’s degree in geochemistry and a bachelor’s degree in Resource Exploration & Engineering from the
China University of Geosciences (Beijing).

Na Tian
Ms. Tian, age 45, acted as Deputy General Manager of the Audit and Legal Compliance Department of CNG since February
2021. She joined CNGHK as Legal Deputy Manager of the General Administration Office in September 2018. Since
February 2012, Ms. Tian has worked in the Division of Corporate Secretary Affairs of the Company and was promoted to
Deputy Director in September 2017. In July 2017, she was appointed as a director of Skyland Mining (BVI) Limited, a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. From July 2008 to May 2011, Ms. Tian was an auditor at Ernst & Young Hua
Ming LLP. In 2008, Ms. Tian passed PRC national judicial examination and obtained the Legal Professional Qualification.

Ms. Tian holds a master’s degree in Law from Peking University Law School. She also holds double bachelor’s degrees
and majored in law and business English from Guangdong University of Foreign Studies.




4      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Non-Executive Director
Wanming Wang
Mr. Wang, aged 60, has 37 years of experience in finance and financial administration. Currently, he is the CFO of
CNGHK, before that he served as the General Manager of the financial department in CNGHK since October 2018. In
the past three decades, Mr. Wang has also served as head of finance departments both at the CNG’s head office and its
subsidiaries with responsibilities including asset management, capital management, budgeting, accounting as well as asset
securitization. Mr. Wang served as a member of the Board of Supervisors in the following companies: Tibet Huatailong
since 2020, and Tibet Jia Ertong Mining Development Co. Ltd. since 2020. Mr. Wang also served as a director of the
Board of Soremi Investments Ltd. since 2017, China Gold Hong Kong Buchuk Mining Company Limited since 2019 and
Zhongxin International Financial Leasing Co. Ltd. since 2016.

Mr. Wang is a senior accountant and holds an MBA degree from Asia International Open University.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Yingbin Ian He
Mr. He, age 64, joined the Company as an Independent Non-Executive Director in May 2000. He is appointed as Chairman
of the Audit Committee since October 2009 and as Lead Independent Non-Executive Director since November 2018. Mr.
He’s career in the mining industry has spanned nearly 40 years, with extensive senior executive and board experience. Mr.
He is Director and Chairman of Vatukoula Gold Mines with gold mining operations in Fiji since 2013. From 2003 to 2006
and from 2011 to 2016, Mr. He served as Director and General Manager of Yichang Mapleleaf Chemicals Inc. a Sino-
Canadian joint venture with phosphate rock mining and phosphate fertilizer manufacturing operations in China. From 1995
to 2006, Mr. He served as President and Director of Spur Ventures Inc. (listed on TSX Venture Exchange, now Atlantic Gold
Corp. part of St Barbara Ltd). Mr. He has served as director of several public companies including SouthGobi Resources
Ltd., a coal mining company dually listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the TSX Venture Exchange since 2017;
Director of PT Bumi Resources Tbk, listed on the Indonesia Stock Exchange (2019-2025). In his early career, Mr. He
worked as Senior Metallurgical Engineer at Process Research Associates (now part of Bureau Veritas) (1992 to 1995),
Mineral Process Engineer (1990 and 1992) at Teck Resources, and Lecturer (1982 to 1985) at Heilongjiang Institute of
Mining and Technology (now Heilongjiang University of Science and Technology).

Mr. He obtained his PhD (1994) and Master of Applied Science (1990) degrees in Mineral Process Engineering from the
University of British Columbia, Canada, and Bachelor of Engineering degree (1982) from Heilongjiang Institute of Mining
and Technology, China. Mr. He is a member of the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum..

Wei Shao
Mr. Shao, age 71, is elected as an Independent Non-Executive Director as well as Chairman of the Nominating & Corporate
Governance Committee since June 2019. He is a partner and the National China Service Co-Leader at Dentons Canada
LLP and specializes in international business transactions focusing on China. Mr. Shao has over 30 years of extensive
experience in mergers and acquisitions, corporate and project financing, cross-border counseling and general corporate
and commercial transactions. Mr. Shao is actively involved in community and non-profit organizations. Prior to his legal
career, Mr. Shao worked for the United Nations in New York. Mr. Shao is an interpreter accredited by the United Nationals
and by the federal government of Canada.

Mr. Shao holds an LLB from the University of Toronto, BA from Xi’an Foreign Languages Institute and U.N Accreditation
of Simultaneous Interpretation from the Beijing University of Foreign Studies.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2025        5
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Bielin Shi
Mr. Shi, age 69, is elected as an Independent Non-Executive Director as well as Chairman of the Health, Safety and
Environmental Committee since June 2019. He is a leading mining executive and geologist who specializes in investment
management, mining geology, geostatistics, resource estimation and optimisation, exploration and project development.
Mr. Shi has over 39 years of experience as a geologist with high level experience in investment management, applied
geostatistics, resource estimation and mining geology, and worldwide operational expertise in exploration and mining
projects. He also has expertise with independent technical reviews, due diligence audits and expert technical reporting in
compliance with the JORC Code, NI43-101 and Hong Kong Stock Exchange standards.

Mr. Shi is a Competent Person under the JORC Code and holds equivalent credentials in respect of Canadian and Hong
Kong’s Mineral Resources/Reserves reporting standards. Mr. Shi has published numerous papers on the application of
geostatistics in resource estimation.

Mr. Shi’s recent work has included investment management, audit and reviews of resources for multiple commodity mining
projects.

Mr. Shi has been a Post-Doctoral Research Fellow in Geostatistics from Edith Cowan University, Western Australia from
1998 to 2000. Mr. Shi holds a PhD from the University of Melbourne since 1995 and is an AusIMM Chartered Professional
since 2018.

Ruixia Han
Ms. Han, age 41, is elected as an Independent Non-Executive Director as well as Chairwoman of the Compensation and
Benefit Committee since June 2019. She is currently a Partner of the PE Investment Department at Harvest Global Capital
Investments Limited since April 2024 and an independent Non-Executive Director of Jinchuan Group International Resource
Co. Ltd (HKEX Stock Code: 2362) since July 2022. Before joining Harvest Global Capital Investments Limited, Ms. Han was
Deputy CEO and Executive Director of Mason Group Holdings Limited (HKEX Stock Code: 0273) until the privatization of
the said Company was completed on 13 November 2023. Previously, from early 2014 to late 2019, Ms. Han was Head of
Operations and Risk of MEC Advisory Limited, which was the sole Investment Advisor to the Can-China Global Resource
Fund. Prior to MEC, Ms. Han was an Investment Manager at The Export-Import Bank of China.

Ms. Han obtained her Ph.D degree of Economics (Finance), Master’s degree in Applied Economics (Venture Capital) and
Bachelor’s degree of Economics (Finance) from Renmin University of China.




6      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Jerry Xie
CEO GLOBAL AFFAIRS REPRESENTATIVE AND CORPORATE SECRETARY
Mr. Xie, age 65, has served as Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary since 2009. In 2025 June, he was re-
designated as CEO Global Affairs Representative while continuing to serve as Corporate Secretary. Mr. Xie is responsible
for overseeing corporate secretarial and compliance matters and supports business development, project evaluation and
investor relations..

After joining the Company, Mr. Xie was involved in the Company’s HK IPO process, evaluation of the Company’s Jiama
Mine, merger and acquisitions and bond issuance. Mr. Xie has over 35 years in experience of Engineering and Project
Management in the petro-chemical and oil-sand industry and mining industry. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Xie worked
as Project Manager, Project Engineer and Senior Piping Stress Analyst for LPEC/SINOPEC, Fluor, Bantrel, Tri-Ocean and
WorleyParsons Canada Ltd., resource and energy engineering companies in China and Canada, from February 1982 to
March 2009.

Mr. Xie holds a master’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Calgary, a master’s degree in Mining
Engineering from Beijing University of Science and Technology, and a diploma from the Shanghai University of Engineering
Science.

Zheng Wang
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Ms. Wang, aged 53, was appointed as Chief Finance Officer on May 15, 2023. Ms. Wang joined the Company in August
2012 and has served consecutively as staff accountant and accounting manager responsible for corporate financial
management. Ms. Wang has extensive experience in financial reporting, internal control and corporate financing. Prior to
joining the Company, Ms. Wang worked as business analyst and accounting manager for China Minmetals Corporation
and IL CPA Society.

Ms. Wang holds the title of Accredited Senior Accountant in China and is a Certified Public Accountant in the United
States. Ms. Wang obtained a Master’s Degree in Business Administration from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, USA
and a Bachelor’s degree in English from North China University of Technology.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025        7
DIRECTORS’ REPORT



The Directors are pleased to present this report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2025 (the “Reporting Period”).

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW
The Company is a gold and base metal mining company incorporated under the laws of British Columbia, Canada. The
Company’s main business involves the operation, acquisition, development and exploration of gold and base metal properties.
The principal activities of the subsidiaries are set out in Note 37 of the Financial Statements. There were no significant
changes in the nature of the Company’s principal activities during the year.

Further discussion and analysis of the business review as required by Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,
including a fair view of the business and a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company, particulars
of important events affecting the Company that have occurred since the end of the financial year 2025, an indication of
likely future development in the Company’s business, the Company and all its subsidiaries (the “Group”) environmental
policies and performance, compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Company,
outlook of the Company’s business, and an account of the Company’s relationships with its key stakeholders can be found
in the “Five-Year Financial Summary”, “Message From the Chairman and CEO”, “Management Discussion and Analysis”
and “Corporate Government Report” sections of this annual report and in the Annual Information Form (AIF).

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movement in the share capital of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 29 of the
Financial Statements.

RESERVES
Details of the reserves available for distribution to the shareholders as at December 31, 2025 are set out in Note 39 of
the Financial Statements.

RESULTS
The results of the Group as of December 31, 2025 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income on page 75.




8       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIVIDEND
•   DIVIDEND POLICY
    The Company’s dividend policy is a key component of its long-term growth strategy. It aims to optimize capital allocation
    to drive business expansion while maintaining stable returns for shareholders. After successfully distributing special
    dividends for three consecutive years (2021-2023), the Company is introducing an enhanced dividend policy in 2024
    (Dividend Policy) designed to enhance predictability and attract long-term investors seeking a reliable income stream.

    The Dividend Policy is comprised of a base dividend supplemented by a variable component that adjusts based on
    financial performance and market conditions.

    Basic dividend: Subject to profitability in the previous financial year and after assessing the Company’s cash flow
    position and future capital requirements, the Company aims to distribute a basic dividend at a payout ratio of
    approximately 30% of the net profit attributable to owners of the parent from the preceding financial year, with cash
    dividends paid annually.

    Variable Component: Subject to favorable market conditions and sufficient funds, the Company may distribute special
    dividends in addition to the basic dividend.

    Dividends may vary in amount and consistency or be discontinued at the Board of Directors’ discretion depending
    on variables including but not limited to operational cash flows, Company development requirements and strategies,
    spot metal prices, taxation, general market conditions and other factors.

•   DIVIDENDS DISTRIBUTION
    In respect of the Company’s financial performance for the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company is pleased
    to announce the declaration of following dividends:

    Basic dividend: a cash dividend of US$0.35 per share will be paid to shareholders at a payout ratio of 30% of the
    net profit attributable to owners of the parent of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025;

    Special dividend: In addition to the basic dividend, a one-time special dividend of US$0.12 per share will be paid
    to shareholders.

    A total dividend amount of US$0.47 per share is hereby declared on the outstanding common shares of the Company.
    The basic and special dividend are expected to be payable on June 18, 2026 to shareholders of record as of April
    23, 2026.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025         9
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIRECTORS
The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report are as follows:

Executive Directors
Chenguang Hou

Yuanhui Fu

Na Tian

Non-Executive Director
Wanming Wang

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Yingbin Ian He

Wei Shao

Bielin Shi

Ruixia Han

In accordance with article 14.1 of the Company’s articles (the “Articles”), each of the Directors shall retire at the 2026
annual and special meeting of the Company (the “2026 AGM”) and, being eligible, shall offer themselves to be re-elected
at the 2026 AGM.

THE BIOGRAPHY OF THE DIRECTORS AND THE SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Company are set out in the Directors and
senior management’s profile from page 4 of this annual report.

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTOR PURSUANT TO RULE 13.51B(1) OF THE
HONG KONG LISTING RULES
Save as disclosed in this annual report, there are no other changes to the Directors’ information as required to be disclosed
pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on Hong Kong Stock Exchange (the “Listing
Rules”).




10      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT




INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Board has received from each of the Independent Non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his independence
pursuant to the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and considers that all of the Independent Non-executive
Directors are independent.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
None of the Directors elected at the 2025 AGM has a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which
is not determinable by the employing company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory
compensation.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE
Pursuant to the Articles of the Company and subject to the provisions of the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia)
(the “Business Corporations Act”), every Director or alternate director of the Company or its affiliates (and his or her heirs
and legal personal representatives) shall be indemnified by the Company against any judgment, penalty or fine awarded
or imposed in, or an amount paid in settlement of, a legal proceeding or investigative action where such person is liable
by reason of him/her having been a director or alternate director of the Company and the Company must, after the final
disposition of such proceeding, pay the expenses actually and reasonably incurred by such person. The Company has
taken out insurance policies against the liabilities of the Directors that may arise out of corporate activities and the costs
associated with defending any proceeding. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis. During the Reporting
Period, no claims were made against the Directors.

DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Mr. Chenguang Hou, Mr. Yuanhui Fu, Ms. Na Tian and Mr. Wanming Wang are considered to have conflicts of interest
in the transactions as set out in the section headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions”
in this report due to their senior management positions or affiliate roles with China National Gold, the ultimate controlling
shareholder of the Company. Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected
Transactions” in this report, no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the business of the
Group to which the Company, any of its subsidiaries or the controlling shareholder of the Company was a party and in
which a Director or any of his connected entity had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted as at
December 31, 2025 or at any time during the Reporting Period.

CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
Save as disclosed under the section headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions” in this
report, no other material contract (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) was entered into
by a member of the Group, the controlling shareholder or its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025       11
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESSES
To the best knowledge of the Directors, during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, save for the
directorships and management roles of our Directors in other mining companies, none of our Directors had any interests
in businesses that compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the Company. Please refer to the
biographies of our Directors set out under the section headed “Board of Directors and Senior Management” of this report
for details of such circumstances.

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS IN SHARES
As at December 31, 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”)) which were required to be
notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or as recorded
in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company
and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
(the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules were as follows:

SHARES
Long position in shares
                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                           percentage of
                                                                             Number of         Nature of   interest in the
Name                  Position              Company                         Shares held         interest         Company

Yingbin Ian He        Independent Non-      China Gold International             50,000         Personal       0.0126%
                      Executive Director    Resources Corp. Ltd.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
China National Gold is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company currently holding approximately 40.01% of the
issued shares of the Company and is therefore a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules. As a result,
the transactions entered into between China National Gold and the Controlled Entities as described in this section below,
constitute non-exempt continuing connected transactions or partially exempt connected transactions of the Company as
defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

In addition, Tibet Huatailong, Inner Mongolia Pacific, China National Gold Group Finance Company Limited (“China Gold
Finance”), and China Gold Hong Kong (together the “Controlled Entities”) are ultimately controlled by China National Gold
and are therefore connected persons of the Company by virtue of Rule 14A.07 of the Listing Rules.




12     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Non-Exempt Continuing Connected Transactions
Product and Service Framework Agreement
On April 26, 2013, the Company entered into a Product and Service Framework Agreement (as subsequently amended,
the “Product and Service Framework Agreement”) with China National Gold for the provision of mining related services
and products to the Company in order to facilitate the Group’s operations in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”)
for three years until June 18, 2016.

The Company entered into a First Supplemental Product and Service Framework Agreement (the “First Supplemental Product
and Service Framework Agreement”) on May 29, 2015 to extend the expiry date of the Product and Service Framework
Agreement to December 31, 2017 and included the sale and purchase of copper concentrates produced at the Jiama Mine
between the Group and China National Gold into the product and service scope of the Product and Service Framework
Agreement, which were approved by the independent shareholders of the Company on June 30, 2015. Details of the First
Supplemental Product and Services Framework Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated June 3,
2015, circular dated May 29, 2015 and poll results announcement dated July 1, 2015.

The Company entered into a Second Supplemental Product and Services Framework Agreement (the “Second Supplemental
Product and Services Framework Agreement”) on May 26, 2017 to extend the term to December 31, 2020 and to extend
the scope of the First Supplemental Product and Service Framework Agreement to include leasing services to be provided
by Zhongxin International Financial Leasing (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd., the shares of which are 80% owned by China National
Gold. Details of the Second Supplemental Product and Services Framework Agreement are as stated in the Company’s
announcement dated May 26, 2017, circular dated June 1, 2017 and poll results announcement dated June 30, 2017.

On May 6, 2020, the Company and China National Gold entered into the Third Supplemental Products and Services
Framework Agreement (the “Third Supplemental Product and Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which both
parties agreed to revise the expiry date of the Products and Services Framework Agreement to December 31, 2023. Please
refer to the Company’s announcement dated May 7, 2020, information circular of the Company dated May 26, 2020 and
poll results announcement dated June 17, 2020.

On May 11, 2023, the Company and China National Gold entered into the Fourth Supplemental Products and Services
Framework Agreement (the “Fourth Supplemental Product and Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which both
parties agreed to extend the expiry date of the Products and Services Framework Agreement to December 31, 2026. Save
as the expiry date, other terms and conditions under the Products and Services Framework Agreement remain unchanged.
Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated May 12, 2023, the information circular of the Company dated June
8, 2023 and poll results announcement dated July 3, 2023.

For the Reporting Period, the transaction amounts under the Fourth Product and Service Framework Agreement, as
amended, were approximately RMB9,246 million where the relevant annual monetary cap was RMB12,200 million.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025     13
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré
On May 7, 2014, Inner Mongolia Pacific entered into a Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré (as subsequently amended,
the “Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré”) with China National Gold for the sale and purchase of gold doré bars and
silver by-products produced at the CSH Gold Mine from time to time for three years ending December 31, 2015, December
31, 2016 and December 31, 2017. Details of the Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré are as stated in the Company’s
announcement dated May 7, 2014, circular dated May 15, 2014 and poll results announcement dated June 20, 2014.

On May 26, 2017 Inner Mongolia Pacific and China National Gold entered into the Supplemental Contract for Purchase
and Sale of Doré (the “Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré”) for a term commencing on January 1,
2018 and expiring on December 31, 2020. Details of the Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré are as
stated in the Company’s announcement dated May 26, 2017, circular dated May 31, 2017 and poll results announcement
dated June 30, 2017.

On March 28, 2018, Inner Mongolia Pacific entered into the Second Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of
Doré with China National Gold, to make certain immaterial and non-consequential amendments to the purchase terms of
gold doré pursuant to which both parties agreed to amend the reference price for gold doré from “the real-time price of
Au9995 gold ingot at Shanghai Gold Exchange on the notification date less RMB0.95 per gram” to the monthly average
price of the AU(T+D) contract on the Shanghai Gold Exchange less RMB1.50 per gram”.

On May 6, 2020, Inner Mongolia Pacific and China National Gold entered into the Third Supplemental Contract for Purchase
and Sale of Doré for a three-year term commencing January 1, 2021 and expiring on December 31, 2023. Details of the
Third Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated May 7,
2020, circular dated May 26, 2020 and poll results announcement dated June 17, 2020.

On May 11, 2023, Inner Mongolia Pacific and China National Gold entered into the Fourth Supplemental Contract for
Purchase and Sale of Doré, pursuant to which both parties agreed to extend the expiry date of the Contract for Purchase
and Sale of Doré to December 31, 2026. Save as the expiry date, other terms and conditions under the Contract for
Purchase and Sale of Doré remain unchanged. Details of the Fourth Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of
Doré are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated May 12, 2023, circular dated June 8, 2023 and poll results
announcement dated July 3, 2023.

For the Reporting Period, the transaction amounts under the Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré, as amended, were
approximately RMB2,418 million where the relevant annual monetary cap was RMB2,800 million.




14     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Partially Exempt Connected Transactions
Deposit Services Agreement
On December 18, 2017, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a deposit services agreement pursuant to which
the Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, make withdrawals and deposits with China Gold Finance up to a
daily maximum deposit balance (including interest) not exceeding RMB100 million, for a term of one year commencing on
January 1, 2018 (the “Deposit Services Agreement”). Deposit interest rates payable by China Gold Finance to the Group
for any deposits shall be, at a minimum, 20% higher than the benchmark interest rate published by The People’s Bank
of China for the same period and for the same type of deposit. Details of the Deposit Services Agreement are as stated in
the Company’s announcement dated December 19, 2017.

On December 18, 2018, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement
(the “Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement”) to extend the term for a further year to December 31, 2019. Details of
the Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated December 20, 2018.

On December 31, 2019, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement
(the “Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement”) to extend the term for a further year to December 31, 2020. Details of
the Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated December 31, 2019.

On December 22, 2020, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a 2021 Supplemental Deposit Services
Agreement (the “2021 Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement”) to extend the term for a further year to December
31, 2021. Details of the Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement are as stated in the Company’s announcement dated
December 23, 2020.

Daily maximum deposit monetary caps for the transactions stipulated under the Deposit Services Agreement (as amended)
pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (including accumulative settlement interest) shall not exceed RMB100 million
for 2020, increasing to RMB180 million in the 2021 Supplemental Deposit Services Agreement. There have not been any
deposits exceeding the daily maximum monetary cap for the Reporting Period.

On May 5, 2021, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into the 2021 Financial Services Agreement pursuant
to which China Gold Finance agreed to provide the Company with a range of financial services including (a) the Deposit
Service, and the daily maximum deposit monetary caps for the transactions shall not exceed RMB3,000 million, (b) the
Lending Services, (c) the Settlement Services and (d) the Other Financial Services.

On June 29, 2021, the 2021 Financial Services Agreement was approved by shareholders at AGM and expired on December
31, 2023. Details of the 2021 Financial Service Agreement are stated in the Company’s announcement dated May 6,
2021, circular dated May 31, 2021 and poll results announcement dated June 30, 2021.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2025      15
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




During the year ended December 31, 2023, it came to the Company’s attention that the daily deposit balance under the
Deposit Services exceeded the Deposit cap of RMB3,000 million (the “Deposit Cap”) from February 23, 2023 to April 26,
2023, with the highest daily deposit balance during such period being approximately RMB562 million over the Deposit
Cap (the “Exceeding of the Cap”). The Exceeding of the Cap was due to an increase in operating cash flow during that
period, miscommunication on the nature of the Deposit Cap (i.e. cap being the maximum annual average deposit balance
instead of the maximum daily deposit balance) and failure on the part of the continuing connected transaction working
group of the Company to closely monitor the deposit.

As soon as the Company became aware of the Exceeding of the Cap, the Company took steps to reduce deposits placed
with China Gold Finance to a level within the Deposit Cap. Since April 27, 2023, the daily deposit balance has been kept
within the Deposit Cap and the Company ensured that the daily deposit balance remains within the Deposit Cap for the
rest of the term of the 2021 Financial Services Agreement. The Company has discussed the Exceeding of the Cap with
China Gold Finance and continued to maintain regular communication with China Gold Finance within the term of the
2021 Financial Services Agreement.

In May 2023, a supplier of Tibet Huatailong (the “Supplier”) commenced legal proceedings against Tibet Huatailong for
alleged losses as a result of slowdown and suspension of works due to the suspension of operations of the Jiama Mine
(the “Legal Proceedings”). On May 24, 2023, the Tibet Intermediate Court ruled in favour of the Supplier’s application
for pre-litigation preservation of assets against Tibet Huatailong and as a result of the court order (the “Court Order”),
Tibet Huatailong’s deposits amounting to approximately RMB479 million placed with China Gold Finance was frozen (the
“Frozen Deposits”).

On the 2021 Financial Services Agreement, the Company withdrew all deposits (other than the Frozen Deposits) which are
placed with the China Gold Finance. As at the date of this report, the Legal Proceedings are still ongoing, the Company
will continue to derive interest income from the Frozen Deposits placed with China Gold Finance to the extent permitted
under PRC law. Upon expiry or cessation of the Court Order (including any extension thereof), the Company will withdraw
the remaining deposits (being the Frozen Deposits) in full. The Company will not place any further deposits with the China
Gold Finance unless and until (a) the remaining deposits (being the Frozen Deposits) have been withdrawn in full, and
(b) the Company enters into a new financial services agreement with China Gold Finance and complies with all applicable
requirements under Chapters 14 and 14A of Listing Rules (including any shareholders’ approval as may be applicable). For
the avoidance of doubt, the Frozen Deposits (including the interest derived therefrom) would not constitute a “transaction”
for the purposes of Chapters 14 and 14A of the Listing Rules following expiry of the 2021 Financial Services Agreement.

On May 8, 2024, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into the 2024 Financial Services Agreement pursuant
to which China Gold Finance agreed to provide the Company with a range of financial services including (a) the Deposit
Service, (b) the Lending Services, (c) the Settlement Services and (d) the Other Financial Services, effective until 31
December 2026.




16     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Pursuant to the Deposit Services Agreement, the Company may make withdrawals and deposits with China Gold Finance up
to the maximum daily balance (including any interest accrued therefrom) set for the Deposit Service shall be (i) RMB2,600
million from the date of approval of the 2024 Financial Services Agreement to December 31, 2024, (ii) RMB3,000 million
for the year ending December 31, 2025 and (iii) RMB3,400 million for the year ending December 31, 2026. The interest
rates payable by China Gold Finance to the Group for the Deposit Service shall not be lower than (a) the benchmark deposit
rates prescribed by the PBC and (b) the deposit rates payable by Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Agricultural
Bank of China, Bank of China and China Construction Bank (the “Major PRC Commercial Banks”). At the annual general
and special meeting of shareholders held on June 27, 2024, the Company’s independent shareholders approved the
Deposit Services Agreement.

There have not been any deposits exceeding the daily maximum monetary cap for the Reporting Period.

Annual Review
The Company’s auditor, BDO Limited was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in
accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other
Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on
Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. The auditor’s letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected
transactions disclosed above by the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules has been provided to the
Directors, and was confirmed in respect of the above matter. The Auditor has confirmed to the Board that nothing has
come to their attention that causes them to believe that the above continuing connected transactions for the year ended
December 31, 2025: (a) have not been approved by the Board; (b) the transactions were not, in all material respects, in
accordance with the pricing policies of the Company; (c) the transactions were not entered into, in all material respects,
in accordance with the relevant agreements governing the transactions; and (d) have exceeded the respective maximum
aggregate annual caps as disclosed in the previous announcements of the Company.

In accordance with Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors have reviewed and confirmed
that the continuing connected transactions carried out under (i) the Fourth supplemental Product and Services Framework
Agreement, (ii) the Fourth supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Doré (as amended), and (iii) the 2024 Financial
Services Agreement have each been entered into: (a) in the ordinary and usual course of the Company’s business; (b) on
normal commercial terms or better; and (c) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are
fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

The Independent Non-Executive Directors also confirmed in their review of the continuing connected transactions that all
such transactions were carried out in accordance with the pricing policies of the Company and processes set out in the
respective agreements for such transactions.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2025      17
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Related Party Transactions
Details of the related party transactions undertaken during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 30 of the Financial
Statements. All the related party transactions constituted connected transactions and/or continuing connected transactions
of the Company as defined in the Listing Rules. The Company had complied with the relevant requirements under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company has not entered into any equity-linked agreement (as defined
in section 6 of the Companies (Directors’ Report) Regulation (Chapter 622D of the Laws of Hong Kong)).

NUMBER AND REMUNERATION OF EMPLOYEES
As at December 31, 2025, the Company had 2,160 employees working at various locations. During the Reporting Period,
staff cost (including Directors’ remuneration in the form of salaries and other benefits) was approximately US$87,696,000
as compared to the staff costs of US$76,975,000 in 2024.

EMOLUMENT POLICY
The Company’s director emolument policy is administered by the Compensation and Benefits Committee with regard to
comparable market statistics. Decisions relating to the compensation of directors are reported by the Compensation and
Benefits Committee to the Board for approval.

The emolument policy for the Company’s employees is determined on a department by department basis with the Chief
Executive Officer determining the emoluments for employees and managers based on merit, qualifications and the
Company’s hiring and retention needs.

There is no share-based compensation plan in place for the Company for the time being.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHT TO PURCHASE SHARES
Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests in Shares” above, at no time during
the Reporting Period, were there any rights to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in or debentures of
Company or any of its subsidiaries or its holding companies or any of the subsidiaries of the Company’s holding companies
granted to any director or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised by
them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the directors to acquire such
rights in any other body corporate.




18     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
As at December 31, 2025, based on the information available to the Board and the register of substantial shareholders
required to be kept under section 336 of Part XV of the SFO, the Company was notified of the following substantial
shareholders’ interests and short positions, being 5% or more of the Company’s issued share capital. These interests are
in addition to those disclosed above in respect of the Directors and chief executive:

Long Position in Shares of the Company
                                                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                             Number of            percentage of
Name                                                                Nature of interest                      Shares held      outstanding shares

China National Gold Group Co., Ltd.(1)                              Indirect                             158,588,330(2)                   40.01%
China National Gold Group Hong Kong Limited                         Registered Owner                      158,588,330                     40.01%


Notes:
(1)      China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. directly and wholly owns China National Gold Group Hong Kong Limited and therefore the interest
         attributable to China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. represents its indirect interest in the Company’s shares through its equity interest in
         China National Gold Group Hong Kong Limited.
(2)      Information relating to registered and indirect ownership of the Company’s shares were provided by China National Gold Group Co., Ltd.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold and redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities, including sale of treasury shares within the meaning of the Listing Rules. The Company did
not hold any treasury shares as at December 31, 2025.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or under the laws of British Columbia, Canada which
would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the date of this
report, the Company has complied with the sufficiency of public float requirement under the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025           19
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The percentage of purchases and sales for the Reporting Period attributable to the Company’s major suppliers and
customers are as follows:

                                                                                                      Percentage of the
                                                                                                        total purchases/
                                                                                                    sales accounted for

Purchases
  – the largest supplier                                                                                           13%
  – the largest suppliers combined                                                                                 54%
Sales
  – the largest customer                                                                                           52%
  – the largest customers combined                                                                                100%


Sales to the largest customer of the Company account for 52% of the Company’s sales and relate to the sale of Copper
concentrate from the Jiama Mine pursuant to the Copper concentrate purchase and sale Contract. In addition, the five
largest customers account for 100% of the Company’s sales. However, due to the fact that pricing for the Company’s
mineral products is based on prevailing market prices in accordance with the contracts with customers, the Company does
not consider there to be any risks associated with reliance on major customers. The Company considers that its pricing
structure based on prevailing metal prices mitigates against any adverse effects from concentration on five customers.

Save as disclosed above, at no time during the Reporting Period did a director, an associate of a director or any other
shareholder (which owned more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) hold any direct or indirect interest in the
Company’s five largest suppliers or customers during the Reporting Period.

CHARITABLE DONATIONS
The Company made charitable donations during the Reporting Period amounting to US$459,397.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
There are no other significant events occurring after December 31, 2025 as set out in the Financial Statements and
Management’s Discussion and Analysis.

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
A resolution will be submitted at the 2026 AGM to approve a dual-auditor arrangement, appointing BDO Limited as the
Company’s auditor for Hong Kong reporting purposes and Lixin & Ethos CPA LLP as the auditor for Canadian reporting
purposes.




On behalf of the Board,
Chenguang Hou
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 30, 2026

20     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Board will continue to review and, where appropriate, improve the current practices of the Company on the basis
of the experience and regulatory changes to enhance the confidence of shareholders of the Company, and to safeguard
shareholders’ interest for continued and long term success of the Company over time.

To further this philosophy and to ensure that the Company follows good governance practices the Board has taken the
following steps:

•    approved and adopted a mandate for the Board;

•    established an Audit Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and a Compensation and
     Benefits Committee;

•    established a Health, Safety and Environmental Committee;

•    approved charters for all of the Board committees to formalize the mandates of those committees;

•    established a Disclosure Committee with a mandate to oversee the Company’s disclosure practices including the
     establishment of a sub-committee charged with overseeing the Company’s technical disclosure;

•    adopted a formal Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities Trading Policy and formalized the Company’s
     disclosure controls and procedures;

•    adopted a formal Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that governs the behavior of directors, officers and employees
     and which is also distributed to consultants;

•    adopted formal written position descriptions for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, clearly defining
     their roles and responsibilities;

•    adopted a whistleblower policy administered by an independent third party;

•    formalized a process for assessing the effectiveness of the Board as a whole, the Board committees and the contribution
     of individual directors on a regular basis;

•    reviewing and approving the Company’s incentive compensation plans; and

•    providing continuing education opportunities for all directors.

COMPANY CULTURE
The Company has always maintained the social responsibility concept of “Never get engaged in gold production in any
place at the expense of damaging the ecological and social environment.” While pursuing economic interests, it manages
the impact on stakeholders and the natural environment during business operations, pursuing the maximum integrated
value of the Company, society, and the environment.

The Company firmly believes that fulfilling the social responsibility attached to any enterprise is an indispensable route
for enterprises to complete sustainable development and keep the business thriving. As a mining enterprise with high
production risks, we value safe production as a prerequisite for growth and take measures to improve safety production.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025       21
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Company is dedicated to a people-oriented approach, with a strong focus on the sustainable development of our
staff. We are unwavering in our commitment to uphold the rights and interests of our employees. Our dedication to
environmental protection, energy conservation, and emission reduction is a cornerstone of our operations as we strive for
green development. We also actively contribute to the local community, investing substantial financial resources, materials,
and manpower to support local education, health, transportation, and infrastructure construction.

The Company will continue to hold the concept of social responsibilities, apply its expectations for society, the environment,
and benefits to the production and operation practice, improve its core competitiveness through technology innovation
and management improvement, implement social responsibility consciously, build a responsible and utterly trustworthy
company and become an active practitioner of social responsibility in the global mining industry.

COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Company has, throughout the Reporting Period, applied the principles and complied with the requirements of its
corporate governance practices as defined by the Board and all applicable statutory, regulatory and stock exchange listings
standards, in particular, the code provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in
Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules. The Company’s current practices are reviewed and updated regularly to ensure that the
latest developments in corporate governance are followed and observed.

Save as disclosed below, during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, the Company has complied with
all code provisions in the CG Code:

The roles of the chairman and chief executive officer of the Company have not been separated as required by code
provision C.2.1 of the CG Code.

Mr. Chenguang Hou (“Mr. Hou”) has been appointed as the roles of both the Chairman and CEO of the Company. However,
the Board believes that Mr. Hou is familiar with the Company’s business operation and has superior knowledge and
experience of the Company’s business as CEO, and vesting the roles of both Chairman and CEO in the same person has
the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership with the Company and improving the efficiency of overall strategic planning
for the Company. Under the supervision of the Board which comprises of three executive Directors, one non-executive
Director and four independent non-executive Directors, the Board is appropriately structured with balance of power to
provide sufficient checks to protect the interests of the Company and the Shareholders. Further, the Company established
the role of ‘Lead Independent Director’(the “Lead INED”) and Mr. Yingbin Ian He was appointed as Lead INED as of 13
November 2018. The role of Lead INED was created to liaise with Chairman and CEO on behalf of the independent non-
executive Directors and advise the Board on matters where there may be an actual or perceived conflict of interest to
ensure the best possible operation of the Board in accordance with the best corporate governance practices.

Changes in Directors and Senior Management
The change in Directors and/or senior management of the Company during the Reporting Period and up to the date of
this report are set our below:

1.   Mr. Weibin Zhang retired from his position as an Executive Director and ceased to be a member of the Compensation
     and Benefits Committee with effect from June 27, 2025, as he wished to focus on his own business did not offer
     himself for re-election at the AGM.




22     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




BOARD COMPOSITION
Corporate governance guidelines adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators (“CSA”) recommend that a majority of
the directors of a corporation be independent directors and Rule 3.10 and 3.10A of the Listing Rules requires every Board
of Directors to include at least three Independent Non-Executive Directors and at least one-third of the Board of Directors
to comprise of Independent Non-Executive Directors. Under the CSA corporate governance guidelines, an “independent
director” is a director who has no direct or indirect material relationship with the Company, including as a partner, shareholder
or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company. A “material relationship” is one that would, or in the
view of the Board could be reasonably expected to, interfere with the exercise of a director’s independent judgment. The
CG Code includes a number of factors to take into consideration when assessing the independence of a Non-Executive
director, including the percentage of shares held by him or her in the Company and any material interest in any principal
business activity of the Group. As at December 31, 2025 and as at the date of this report, the Board has determined
that it consisted of four “independent directors” and five non-independent directors under the CSA corporate governance
guidelines. The Board believes that its current size and composition and the composition of the Board committees, result
in balanced representation.

The Company recognizes that the Board’s independence is a crucial aspect of corporate governance that ensures the Board
of Directors is acting in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. The Company has established effective
mechanisms on when and how directors may seek independent professional advice, at the expense of the Company, to
ensure independent views and input are available to the Board.

As at the date of this report, the Company believes it has a well-balanced Board. The Board is comprised of three (3)
Executive Directors, one (1) Non-Executive Director and four (4) Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Directors for
the year ended December 31, 2025 and up to the date of this report are as follows:

Executive Directors
Chenguang Hou (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)(1)
Yuanhui Fu (Vice President)(2)
Na Tian(3)

Non-Executive Director
Wanming Wang(4)

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Yingbin Ian He (Lead INED)
Wei Shao
Bielin Shi
Ruixia Han

Notes:
(1)      Mr. Hou is an Executive Director in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
(2)      Mr. Fu is an Executive Director in his capacity as Vice President of the Company and Chairman of Tibet Huatailong.
(3)      Ms. Tian is an Executive Director in his capacity as an affiliate of China National Gold which has a material relationship with the Company.
(4)      Mr. Wang is a Non-Executive Director in his capacity as an affiliate of China National Gold which has a material relationship with the
         Company.




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025            23
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




As at the date of this report, China National Gold holds approximately 40.01% of the Company’s outstanding common shares.

Biographical details of the Directors of the Company are set out in the section headed “Board of Directors and Senior
Management” on page 4 of this annual report. The Board has assessed the independence of all the Independent Non-
Executive Directors and considers each of them to be independent having regard to (i) their annual confirmation on
independence as required under the Listing Rules, (ii) the absence of involvement in the daily management of the Company
and (iii) the absence of any relationships or circumstances which would interfere with the exercise of their independent
judgement.

The Directors are satisfied that the size and composition of the Board results in a balanced representation on the Board
among executive and non-executive directors and the Company’s controlling shareholder.

Since November 14, 2024, Mr. Chenguang Hou serves as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer in addition to being an
Executive Director. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for running the Company’s businesses and implementing the
Group’s strategic plans and business goals. On November 14, 2024 and prior to his appointment becoming effective, Mr.
Hou obtained legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and confirmed that he understood
his obligations as a director of a listed issuer.

For the reporting period, Mr. Yingbin Ian He was appointed lead Independent Non-Executive Director as of November 2018.
The role of lead Independent Non-Executive Director was created to enhance the Company’s corporate governance practices
and provides leadership to the Independent Non-Executive Directors, liaise with Chief Executive Officer on behalf of the
Independent Non-Executive Directors and advise the Board on matters where there may be an actual or perceived conflict
of interest such as Chief Executive Officer’s performance evaluation to ensure the best possible operation of the Board.

For the Reporting Period, the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-
Executive Directors, namely, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han and one Non-Executive
Director, namely, Mr. Wanming Wang. Mr. Wei Shao was appointed as the Chairman of the Nominating & Corporate
Governance Committee on June 25, 2019.

For the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors, namely, Mr.
Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han. Mr. Yingbin Ian He was appointed as the Chairman of
the Audit Committee on June 25, 2019.

For the Reporting Period, the Compensation & Benefits Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive
Directors, namely, Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han. Ms. Ruixia Han was appointed
as the Chairwoman of the Compensation & Benefits Committee on June 25, 2019.

For the Reporting Period, the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive
Directors, namely, Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han and one Executive Director Mr.
Yuanhui Fu. Mr. Bielin Shi was appointed as the Chairman of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee on June
25, 2019.

To the best knowledge of the Company, none of the Directors is related. Relationships include financial, business or family
relationships. The Directors are free to exercise their independent judgment. Directors, including the current non-executive
Directors and the independent non-executive Directors, are elected at each annual general meeting and hold office until
the next annual general meeting, unless a Director’s office is earlier vacated in accordance with the provisions of the
Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) and the Company’s Articles.




24     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Non-Executive Directors bring a range of business, professional and financial expertise, experience and independent
judgment to the Board.

Through active participation at Board meetings, taking the lead in managing issues involving potential conflict of interests
and serving on Board committees, all Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Non-Executive Directors) make
various contributions to the effective direction of the Company.

In accordance with the Company’s Articles, the Non-Executive Directors (including the Independent Non-Executive Directors)
are subject to re-election each year at the Company’s annual general meeting.

DIRECTORS’ PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
The Board, through the Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, ensures that all new Directors
receive a comprehensive orientation so that each new Director fully understands the role of the Board and its Committees,
as well as the contribution individual directors are expected to make and to understand the nature and operation of the
Company’s business.

The Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
and skills. The Board provides continuing education opportunities for all Directors, so that each individual Director may
maintain or enhance his or her skills and abilities as a Director, as well as to ensure his or her knowledge and understanding
of the Company’s business remains current.

The orientation and continuing education process will be reviewed on an annual basis and will be revised accordingly.
There are technical presentations at Board meetings, focusing on either a particular property or a summary of various
properties. The question and answer portions of these presentations are valuable learning resources for the non-technical
Directors. The Board has also incorporated training into their Board meetings with presentations by legal, accounting and
other professional groups and individuals.

All Directors participated in appropriate continuous professional development and provided the Company with their records of
training they received for Reporting Period. Directors participated in the training which included reading regulatory updates,
attending seminars or conducting training sessions and exchanging views. According to the training records maintained
by the Company, the trainings received by each of the Directors during the Reporting Period are summarized as follows:

                                                                                                          Reading/Attending
                                                                                                       seminars/conferences
                                                                                                        and exchange views

Executive Directors
Chenguang Hou                                                                                                             Yes
Yuanhui Fu                                                                                                                Yes
Na Tian                                                                                                                   Yes

Non-Executive Director
Wanming Wang                                                                                                              Yes

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Yingbin Ian He                                                                                                            Yes
Wei Shao                                                                                                                  Yes
Bielin Shi                                                                                                                Yes
Ruixia Han                                                                                                                Yes


                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025       25
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




MANDATE OF THE BOARD
Under the Business Corporations Act, the Directors are required to manage the Company’s business and affairs, and
in doing so, to act honestly and in good faith with a view to furthering the best interests of the Company. In addition,
each Director must exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonably prudent person would exercise in comparable
circumstances. The Board is responsible for supervising the conduct of the Company’s affairs and the management of its
business. The Board’s mandate includes setting long term goals and objectives for the Company, formulating the plans and
strategies necessary to achieve those objectives and supervising senior management in their implementation. Although the
Board delegates the responsibility for managing the day-to-day affairs of the Company to senior management, the Board
retains a supervisory role in respect of, and ultimate responsibility for, all matters relating to the Company and its business.

The Board’s mandate requires that the Board be satisfied that the Company’s senior management will manage the affairs
of the Company in the best interest of the shareholders, in accordance with the Company’s principles, and that the
arrangements made for the management of the Company’s business and affairs are consistent with their duties described
above. The Board is responsible for protecting shareholders’ interests and ensuring that the incentives of the shareholders
and of management are aligned. The obligation of the Board must be performed continuously, and not merely from time
to time, and in times of crisis or emergency the Board may have to assume a more direct role in managing the affairs of
the Company.

In discharging this responsibility, the Board’s mandate provides that the Board oversees and monitors significant corporate
plans and strategic initiatives. The Board’s strategic planning process includes annual budget reviews and approvals and
discussions with management relating to strategic and budgetary issues.

As part of its ongoing review of business operations, the Board periodically reviews the principal risks inherent in the
Company’s business, including financial risks, and assesses the systems established to manage those risks. Directly
and through the Audit Committee, the Board also assesses the integrity of internal control over financial reporting and
management information systems.

In addition to those matters that must, by law, be approved by the Board, the Board is required to approve annual operating
and capital budgets, any material dispositions, acquisitions and investments outside of the ordinary course of business or
not provided for in the approved budgets, long-term strategy, organizational development plans and the appointment of
senior executive officers. Management is authorized to act, without Board approval on all ordinary course matters relating
to the Company’s business.

The Board’s mandate provides that the Board expects management to provide the directors, on a timely basis, with
information concerning the business and affairs of the Company, including financial and operating information and
information concerning industry developments as they occur, all with a view to enabling the Board to discharge its
stewardship obligations effectively. The Board expects management to efficiently implement its strategic plans for the
Company, to keep the Board fully apprised of its progress in doing so and to be fully accountable to the Board in respect
to all matters for which it has been assigned responsibility.

The Board has instructed the management to maintain procedures to monitor and promptly address shareholders’ concerns
and has directed and will continue to direct the management to apprise the Board of any major concerns expressed by
shareholders.




26      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Each Board Committee is empowered to engage external advisors as it sees fit. Any individual Director is entitled to engage
an outside advisor at the expense of the Company provided such Director has obtained the approval of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee to do so. In conjunction with its review of operations, the Board considers risk issues
when appropriate and approves corporate policies addressing the management of the risk of the Company’s business.

The Board takes ultimate responsibility for the appointment and monitoring of the Company’s senior management. The
Board approves the appointment of senior management and reviews their performance on an ongoing basis.

The Company has a corporate disclosure policy addressing, among other things, how the Company interacts with analysts
and the public, and contains measures for the Company to avoid selective disclosure. The Company has a Disclosure
Committee responsible for overseeing the Company’s disclosure practices. The Disclosure Committee consists of the
Company’s Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and the
Company’s senior communications and investor relations officers, or those individuals who act in equivalent positions for the
Company, and receives advice from the Company’s external legal counsel. The Disclosure Committee assesses materiality
and determines when developments require public disclosure. The Disclosure Committee reviews the corporate disclosure
policy annually and as otherwise needed to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements and reviews all documents
which are reviewed by the Board and Audit Committee. The Board reviews and approves the Company’s material disclosure
documents, including its annual report, annual information form and management proxy circular. The Company’s annual
and quarterly financial statements, management’s discussion and analysis and other financial disclosure is reviewed by
the Audit Committee and recommended to the Board for approval, prior to its release.

Board Diversity Policy
In order to ensure diversity of the Board and improve the Company’s corporate governance, the Board approved the
Board diversity policy (the “Policy”) in accordance with the requirements set out in code provision B.1.3 of the CG Code.
The Policy sets out the approach to achieve diversity on the board by considering a number of factors, including without
limitation, gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional skills, knowledge, experience and length of
service, in order to maintain an appropriate range and balance of talents, skills, experience and background of the Board.
Appointments of Board members shall be based on merit, and candidates will be assessed based on objective criteria. The
Company will also take into account factors based on its own business model and specific needs from time to time. The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will monitor the implementation of the Policy; review the Policy from
time to time, as appropriate; report to the Board on their decisions or propose recommendations on any amendments for
the Board’s review and approval, to ensure the effectiveness of the Policy. No measurable objectives for achieving diversity
were specifically set by the Board during the year, other than the recruitment of the most suitable candidate for a position.

The Board currently consists of six (6) male and two (2) female Directors, with female directors representing 25% of the
total number of directors. The Board is satisfied with the current gender composition of the Board and at all levels in the
Company.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025       27
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Gender Diversity in the Workforce
By the end of 2024, a total number of the Company employees was 2,160, including 419 females and 533 ethnic minorities.
There are 141 female staff at all level of management. We have no part-time employee. Our employees are from 27 provinces,
municipalities and autonomous regions such as Tibet Autonomous Region, Jilin, Henan, Sichuan and Liaoning Province.

                                                                2025           2024            2023           2022            2021

Percentage of female employees                               19.40%           20.3%         20.14%         20.48%          21.15%
Percentage of female employees in management                  6.53%           12.5%              –              –               –
Percentage of ethnic minority employees                      24.68%           23.8%         21.11%         22.59%          22.44%


The Company’s gender diversity in the workforce remains reflective of broader industry trends, where mining roles are
predominately male-dominated due to the historical nature of the industry and operational demands. The Company will
continue to make ways in achieving greater gender diversity in the workforce (including senior management) with a target
of maintaining a balanced gender mix. During the year under review, the Board was not aware of any mitigating factors
or circumstances which make achieving gender diversity across the workforce (including senior management) more
challenging or less relevant.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
To oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs and to assist in the execution of its responsibilities, the Board
has established four Board committees, namely Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,
Compensation and Benefits Committee, and Health, Safety and Environment Committee. Independent Non-Executive
Directors play an important role in these committees to ensure that independent and objective views are expressed and
to promote critical review and control.

Audit Committee
The Board has established an Audit Committee, which operates under a charter approved by the Board. It is the Board’s
responsibility to ensure that the Company has an effective risk management and internal control system. This includes
internal controls to manage both the effectiveness and efficiency of significant business processes, the safeguarding of
assets, the maintenance of proper accounting records, and the reliability of financial information as well as non-financial
considerations such as the benchmarking of operational key performance indicators. The Company’s Audit Committee is
comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors, including Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and
Ms. Ruixia Han. Mr. Yingbin Ian He serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee.

The primary objective of the Audit Committee is to act as a liaison between the Board and the Company’s independent
auditors and to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to (a) the financial statements and other
financial information provided by the Company to its shareholders, the public and others; (b) the Company’s compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements; (c) the qualification, independence and performance of the auditors; and (d) the
Company’s risk management and internal financial and accounting controls, and management information systems.

Although the Audit Committee has the powers and responsibilities set forth in its charter, the role of the Audit Committee
is oversight. The members of the Audit Committee are not full-time employees of the Company and may or may not be
accountants or auditors by profession or experts in the fields of accounting or auditing and, in any event, do not serve in
such capacity. Consequently, it is not the duty of the Audit Committee to conduct audits or to determine that the Company’s
financial statements and disclosures are complete and accurate and are in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRS”). These are the responsibilities of the management and the auditors.



28      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




All services to be performed by the auditors of the Company must be approved in advance by the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee held four meetings during the Reporting Period. In performing its duties in accordance with its
charter, the Audit Committee has:

•    overseen the Company’s relationship, audit fees and terms of engagement of the external auditors;

•    reviewed the independence of the external auditors and made recommendations to the Board on the re-appointment
     of the external auditors;

•    reviewed the financial budget and planning including the annual and interim financial statements and results
     announcements during the Financial Year;

•    reviewed and assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s financial controls, corporate governance, internal controls
     and risk management systems;

•    reviewed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal audit function; and

•    reported to the Board on the decisions and recommendations of the Audit Committee.

The individual attendance of Audit Committee members at meetings is set out on page 31 of this annual report.

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
The Board established a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, operating under a charter approved by the
Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors,
including Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han, and one Non-Executive Director, namely
Mr. Wanming Wang. Mr. Wei Shao serves as Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.

The primary objective of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its
oversight responsibilities by (a) determining a policy and process for identifying individuals qualified to become Board
and Board Committee members and recommending that the Board select director nominees for appointment or election
to the Board; and (b) developing and recommending to the Board corporate governance guidelines for the Company and
making recommendations to the Board with respect to corporate governance practices. The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee monitors the disclosure of conflicts of interest to the Board and ensures that no director will vote in
respect of a matter in which such director has a material interest. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
met during the Financial Year to review its charter, to review the Articles, to assess the competencies and characteristics
represented on the Board, to review the results of a Board effectiveness survey and self-assessments and to monitor, review
and confirm compliance with legal, regulatory, corporate governance and disclosure requirements. The Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee is also responsible for reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional
development of directors and senior management as required under code provision A.2.1 (b) of the CG Code.

The individual attendance of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee members at meetings is set out on page
31 of this annual report.

Compensation and Benefits Committee
The Board has established the Compensation and Benefits Committee, which operates under a charter approved by the
Board. The Compensation and Benefits Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive Directors including
Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han. Ms. Ruixia Han serves as Chairwoman of the
Compensation and Benefits Committee.



                                                                                               Annual Report 2025       29
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The primary objective of the Compensation and Benefits Committee is to discharge the Board’s responsibilities relating
to the compensation and benefits for senior executives and Directors of the Company. This role includes reviewing the
adequacy and form of compensation for senior executives and the Directors, determining the recipients of, the nature and
size of share compensation awards granted from time to time and determining any bonuses to be awarded, and to review or
approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, if any. The Compensation and Benefits
Committee met during the Financial Year to review its charter, to assess the performance and compensation of the Chief
Executive Officer and the Executive Directors, to review the compensation and benefits for senior executives and Directors
of the Company and to complete self-assessments. The Compensation and Benefits Committee made recommendations
to the Board for adjustments to compensation for the Company’s senior executives on various occasions throughout the
Reporting Period.

The individual attendance of Compensation and Benefits Committee members at meetings is set out on page 31 of this
annual report.

Health, Safety and Environmental Committee
The Board has established the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee, which operates under a charter approved by
the Board. The Company’s Health, Safety and Environmental Committee is comprised of four Independent Non-Executive
Directors, including Mr. Yingbin Ian He, Mr. Wei Shao, Mr. Bielin Shi and Ms. Ruixia Han, and one Executive Director,
namely, Mr. Yuanhui Fu. Mr. Bielin Shi serves as the Chairman of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee.

The primary objective of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee is to discharge the Board’s responsibilities
relating to compliance with applicable health, safety and environmental rules and regulations. This role includes assisting
the Board in its oversight of the development, implementation and evaluation by management of the Company’s health,
safety and environmental objectives and for monitoring the Company’s compliance with applicable health, safety and
environmental laws and regulations. The Health, Safety and Environmental Committee met during the Reporting Period
to receive reports from the Chief Safety Officers from the CSH Gold Mine and the Jiama Mine, to review the findings of
an independent safety audit, and to complete self-assessments. The Health, Safety and Environmental Committee made
recommendations to the mine sites for continuous improvements.

The individual attendance of Health, Safety and Environmental Committee members at meetings is set out on page 31 of
this annual report.

Ad Hoc and Special Committees
In appropriate circumstances, the Board will establish a special committee to review a matter in which several Directors
or management may have a conflict of interest. No special committee was established during the Reporting Period.

MEETINGS OF THE BOARD AND BOARD COMMITTEES
Details of attendance of the Directors (either in person or through telephone conferences) at Board regular meetings,
meetings of Board Committees and general meetings during the Reporting Period are set out below. The management
also communicates informally with the Board on a regular basis, and solicits the advice of the Directors on matters falling
within their special knowledge or experience. In addition, the Independent Non-Executive Directors meet regularly on
formal and informal basis to facilitate the exercise of their independent judgment.




30     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Attendances/Number of Meetings
                                                  Nominating                           Health,
                                                and Corporate   Compensation       Safety and    2025 Annual
                                       Audit      Governance     and Benefits   Environmental     and Special    Committees          Overall
                        Board      Committee       Committee       Committee       Committee         Meeting        (Total)      Attendance

Chenguang Hou       4/4(100%)             N/A            N/A             N/A             N/A             1/1             N/A     5/5 (100%)
Yuanhui Fu          3/4 (75%)             N/A            N/A             N/A      4/4 (100%)             1/1      4/4 (100%)      8/9 (89%)
Weibin Zhang(1)       0/2(0%)             N/A            N/A         0/1(0%)             N/A             0/1         0/1(0%)        0/4 (0%)
Na Tian             4/4(100%)             N/A            N/A             N/A             N/A             1/1             N/A     5/5 (100%)
Wanming Wang         3/4(75%)             N/A     1/1 (100%)             N/A             N/A             1/1      1/1 (100%)      5/6 (83%)
Yingbin Ian He      4/4(100%)      4/4 (100%)     1/1 (100%)      1/1 (100%)      4/4 (100%)             1/1    10/10 (100%)   15/15 (100%)
Wei Shao            4/4(100%)      4/4 (100%)     1/1 (100%)      1/1 (100%)      4/4 (100%)             1/1    10/10 (100%)   15/15 (100%)
Bielin Shi          4/4(100%)      4/4 (100%)     1/1 (100%)      1/1 (100%)      4/4 (100%)             1/1    10/10 (100%)   15/15 (100%)
Ruixia Han         4/4 (100%)      4/4 (100%)     1/1 (100%)      1/1 (100%)      4/4 (100%)             1/1    10/10 (100%)   15/15 (100%)


(1)   Mr. Weibin Zhang retired as an Executive Director and ceased to be a member of the Compensation and Benefits Committee with effect
      from June 27, 2025.
*     Except for the 2025 Annual and Special Meeting held on June 26, 2025, no other general meeting was held during the Reporting Period.

According to code provision C.1.5 of the CG Code, Independent Non-Executive Directors and other Non-Executive Directors
should attend general meetings and develop a balanced understanding of the views of the shareholders.

The 2026 AGM will be held on June 26, 2026 (Hong Kong time). The notice of the 2026 AGM will be sent to shareholders
at least 20 clear business days before the 2026 AGM.

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS
The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all employees, consultants, executive
officers and Directors regardless of their position in the Company, at all times and everywhere the Company does business.
The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics provides that the Company’s employees, consultants, executive officers and
directors will uphold its commitment to a culture of honesty, integrity and accountability and the Company requiring the
highest standards of professional and ethical conduct from its employees, consultants, executive officers and Directors.

The Company’s employees, executive officers and Directors are required to confirm, on an annual basis, that they have
reviewed the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and if they are aware of any actual or potential conflicts
of interest.

The Company’s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee monitors compliance with the Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics and the disclosure of conflicts of interest by Directors with a view to ensuring that no Director votes on a matter
in respect of which he has a material interest.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025          31
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




ESG GOVERNANCE
The Board promises that the Company and the Board will follow the requirements of the “Environmental, Social and
Governance Reporting Guidelines” issued by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, continuously optimize the Company’s
environmental, social and corporate governance system. We will further strengthen the Board’s role in supervision and
participation on ESG related affairs, and actively integrate ESG considerations into the Company’s major decision-making
processes and business practices.

The Board of Directors bears the ultimate responsibility for the Company’s ESG governance, and is responsible for overseeing
the Company’s ESG development direction, strategies and related matters. The Board of Directors, its Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee, the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Benefits Committee, and the Health,
Safety and Environmental Committee are responsible for overseeing the Company’s commitments and performances on
key issues, coordinating with other committees and functional departments to incorporate ESG factors into internal control,
risk management, strategic planning, remuneration and incentives, etc., and reporting ESG performances and major plans
to the Board of Directors.

APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
The Board determines, in light of the opportunities and risks facing the Company, what competencies, skills and personal
qualities it should seek in new Directors in order to add value to the Company. Based on this framework, the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee developed a skills matrix outlining the Company’s desired complement of competencies,
skills and characteristics. The specific make-up of the matrix includes technical, geological and engineering knowledge,
financial literacy, mining industry experience, public company experience and legal knowledge. The Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee assesses the competencies and characteristics represented on the Board annually and
utilizes the matrix to determine the Board’s strengths and to identify areas for improvement. This analysis assists the
Nominating and Governance Committee in discharging its responsibility for approaching and proposing new nominees to
the Board and for assessing Directors on an ongoing basis.

Unless a Director dies, resigns or is removed from office in accordance with the Business Corporations Act, the term of
office of each of the Director’s ends at the conclusion of the next annual general meeting following his or her most recent
election or appointment.

At every annual general meeting the shareholders entitled to vote at the annual general meeting for the election of directors
are entitled to elect a Board consisting of the number of Directors for the time being set under the Articles and all the
Directors cease to hold office immediately before such election but are eligible for re-election. If the Company fails to hold
an annual general meeting on or before the date by which the annual general meeting is required to be held under the
Business Corporations Act or the shareholders fail, at the annual general meeting, to elect or appoint any Directors then
each Director then in office continues to hold office until the earlier of the date on which his or her successor is elected
or appointed, or the date on which he or she otherwise ceases to hold office under the Business Corporations Act or the
Articles.

According to code provision B.2.3 of the CG Code, if an independent non-executive Director serves more than 9 years,
his further election should be subject to a separate resolution to be approved by shareholders.




32     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted policies in its Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities Trading Policy on terms no
less exacting than those set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.

Furthermore, if a Director (a) enters into a transaction involving a security of the Company or, for any other reason, the
direct or indirect beneficial ownership of, or control or direction over, securities of the Company changes from that shown or
required to be shown in the latest insider report filed by the Director, or (b) the director enters into a transaction involving
a related financial instrument, the Director must, within the prescribed period, file an insider report in the required form
on the System for Electronic Disclosure by Insiders website at www.sedi.ca.

A “related financial instrument” is defined as: (a) an instrument, agreement, security or exchange contract the value, market
price or payment obligations of which are derived from, referenced to or based on the value, market price or payment
obligations of a security, or (b) any other instrument, agreement or understanding that affects, directly or indirectly, a
person’s economic interest in respect of a security or an exchange contract.

Having made a specific enquiry with each Director, all Directors have confirmed their full compliance with the required
standards set out in the Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities Trading Policy throughout the Reporting
Period. Details of the shareholding interests held by the directors as at December 31, 2025 are set out on page 12 of
this annual report.

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS
The Company’s director emolument policy is administered by the Compensation and Benefits Committee with regard to
comparable market statistics. Decisions relating to the compensation of directors are reported by the Compensation and
Benefits Committee to the Board for approval.

The Company pays its Independent Non-Executive Directors a cash retainer of US$3,825 per month for acting as Independent
Non-Executive Directors and for their roles on various Board Committees. The Company pays the lead Independent Non-
Executive Director a cash retainer of US$4,500 per month.

Details regarding the remuneration of Directors are set out in Note 11 of the Financial Statements.

COMPANY SECRETARY
The Corporate Secretary is responsible for advising the Board through the Chairman of the Board on governance matters
and also facilitates induction and professional development of Directors. The Corporate Secretary reports to the Chairman of
the Board. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Corporate Secretary to ensure that Board procedures,
all applicable laws, rules and regulations are followed.

Dr. Ngai Wai Fung, the director and chief executive officer of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, an
external professional corporate services provider, is the company secretary of the Company. Dr. Ngai’s primary contact
person in the Company in relation to any corporate secretarial matters is Mr. Jerry Xie, the CEO Global Affairs Representative
and Corporate Secretary.

According to Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Dr. Ngai has received no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training
during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025       33
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board is responsible for overseeing the risk management and internal controls of the Company and reviewing their
effectiveness. Risk management and internal controls are used by the Board to facilitate the effectiveness and efficiency
of operations, to safeguard the investment of shareholders and assets of the Company and to ensure compliance with
relevant statutory and regulatory requirements. The Company’s risk management and internal control policies are designed
to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material misstatements and to help the Board identify and
mitigate, but not eliminate, risk exposure.

The Company maintains internal audit functions for both itself and its operating subsidiaries. The Company leverages the
internal audit function of China National Gold, its controlling shareholder, for its internal audit function. Risk management
and internal control systems are reviewed on a quarterly basis in conjunction with the quarterly certification requirements
for disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting as mandated by applicable Canadian
securities laws.

The Audit Committee and the Board have reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems
of the Company and its subsidiaries, including financial, operational and compliance controls, for the Reporting Period
and are of the view that the Company’s current risk management and internal control systems are adequate and operating
effectively in safeguarding the investment of shareholders and assets of the Company.

The Company has used the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) 2013 framework
to evaluate the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, and has concluded that its internal controls and
procedures were effective as of December 31, 2025 and provide reasonable assurance that material information, including
financial information, relating to the Company is made known to senior management, the Audit Committee and the Board,
as applicable, and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner.

The Board has established a framework for identifying, evaluating and managing key risks faced by the Company. The
Board, through the Audit Committee, reviews annually the effectiveness of the internal control system of the Company and
its subsidiaries, considering factors such as:

•    changes, since the last annual review, in nature and extent of significant risks, and the Company’s ability to respond
     to changes in its business and the external environment;

•    the scope and quality of management’s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems, and the work
     of the internal audit function;

•    the extent and frequency of communication of monitoring results to the Board which enables it to assess control of
     the Company and the effectiveness of risk management;

•    adequacy of resources;

•    staff qualifications and experience;

•    training programs;

•    budget of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions; communication of the monitoring
     results to the Board that enables it to assess control of the Company and the effectiveness of the risk management;




34     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




•    significant control failings or weaknesses that have been identified during the period, and the extent to which they
     have caused unforeseeable outcomes or contingencies that had or might have, a material impact on the Company’s
     financial performance or condition; and

•    the effectiveness of the Company’s processes for financial reporting and compliance with applicable listing rules and
     securities laws.

Pursuant to National Instrument 52-109 Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings of the Canadian
Securities Administrators (“NI 52-109”), the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”)
are required to evaluate the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures
(“DC&P”), as defined in NI 52-109, and certify that the DC&P are effective to achieve the purpose for which they have been
designed. Internal controls over financial reporting (“ICFR”), as defined in NI 52-109, are designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with
IFRS. Management is also responsible for the design of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting in order to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with IFRS. The CEO and CFO provide confirmation of the foregoing matters to the Audit
Committee as part of its review and approval of periodic financial disclosure.

The Company has established a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Disclosure, Confidentiality and Securities
Trading Policy (the “Code”), which includes a policy on the handling of confidential information, information disclosure
and securities dealing for all employees of the Company to comply with when they are in possession of confidential or
inside information in relation to the Company. The Code provides that the Company’s employees, officers, Directors and
contract employees will uphold our commitment to a culture of honesty, integrity and accountability and that the Company
requires the highest standards of professional and ethical conduct from its employees, officers, Directors and contract
employees. The various policies forming the Code are available on the Company’s website (www.chinagoldintl.com) and
have been disseminated to all employees of the Company.

Suggestion Ox is the Company’s whistleblowing program, which is administered by an independent third party, and is
available for use when someone suspects or is aware of illegal, unsafe or inappropriate activity at work. Suggestion Ox
provides an avenue for individuals to raise concerns confidentially and anonymously. The Audit Committee monitors
compliance with the Code. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee monitors the Code and assists the Board
in dealing with conflict of interest issues.

AUDITORS
The Company’s auditor is BDO Limited of Hong Kong.

Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated May 16, 2025. Having taken into account that Deloitte
Touche Tohmatsu has served as auditor of the Company for 15 consecutive years, the Board is of the view that a change
of auditor after an appropriate period of time is a good corporate governance measure to ensure the independence and
objectivity of external audit services. Upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board has resolved to propose
to the Shareholders to appoint BDO Limited as the new auditor of the Company in place of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu.

BDO Limited was appointed as auditor of the Company by an ordinary resolution of the shareholders at the Company’s
annual and special meeting held on June 26, 2025, at which Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu ceased to act as auditor of the
Company.

BDO Limited is independent of the Company in accordance with Section 290 “Independence – Assurance Engagements”
of the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.



                                                                                                Annual Report 2025       35
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




On February 26, 2026, the Company engaged Lixin & Ethos CPA LLP as an auditor for Canadian reporting purposes. Lixin
& Ethos CPA LLP is responsible for issuing the auditor’s report on the Company’s consolidated financial statements in
accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Lixin & Ethos CPA LLP is independent of the Company
within the meaning of the applicable rules of professional conduct in Canada.

Accordingly, the Company’s consolidated financial statements are audited under a dual-auditor arrangement, with BDO
Limited responsible for Hong Kong reporting purposes and Lixin & Ethos CPA LLP responsible for Canadian reporting
purposes.

The financial reporting responsibilities and audit report of BDO Limited are set out on pages 70 to 74 of this annual report.

Save as disclosed above, there has been no change in the external auditor of the Company in the preceding three years.

The fees paid/payable to BDO Limited and Lixin & Ethos CPA LLP in respect of audit and non-audit services provided
during the Reporting Period were as follows (on a combined basis):

                                                                                                          Fees paid/payable
Nature of services rendered                                                                                           (US$)

Audit fees                                                                                                          600,000
Non-audit fees(1)

Total                                                                                                               600,000


Notes:
(1)      Non-audit fees included in the annual audit fee.

RESPONSIBILITIES IN RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility in preparing the financial statements that provide a true and fair view of
the financial affairs of the Company. With the assistance of the Company’s management, the directors ensure that the
financial statements are being prepared and published in a timely manner in accordance with the applicable accounting
standards and statutory requirements.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Right to convene a meeting of shareholders
The general meetings of the Company provide an opportunity for communication between the shareholders and the Board.
Every company having securities listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange must hold its annual meeting of shareholders within
six months from the end of its fiscal year, or at such earlier time as is required by applicable legislation.

Pursuant to Section 167 of the Business Corporations Act, shareholders who hold in the aggregate at least one-twentieth
of the issued shares of the Company that carry a right to vote at general meetings may requisition a general meeting by
delivering a signed written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary at the Company’s principal place of business
at Suite 1780, 400 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V6C 3A6 (with effect from May 1, 2025) for the
purpose of transacting any business that may be transacted at a general meeting.




36         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Right to put enquiries to the Board
Shareholders have the right to put enquiries to the Board. All enquiries shall be in writing and sent by post to the principal
place of business of the Company at Suite 1780, 400 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V6C 3A6 (with
effect from May 1, 2025), or by email to info@chinagoldintl.com for the attention of the Company Secretary.

Right to put forward proposals at general meetings
There are no provisions allowing shareholders to propose new resolutions at general meetings under the Business
Corporations Act. However, qualified shareholders (as defined in section 187 of the Business Corporations Act) may put
forward a proposal for the next general meeting pursuant to Part 5, Division 7 of the Business Corporations Act.

INVESTOR RELATIONS AND COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company follows the Shareholders’ Communication Policy of disclosing relevant information to shareholders in a
timely, factual and accurate manner to ensure the information is broadly disseminated in accordance with all applicable
legal and regulatory requirements and shareholders’ views and concerns are addressed. Members of the Board and
senior management meet and communicate with shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company to address
shareholders’ queries. Published meeting materials together with the latest corporate information and news are available for
inspection on the HKEX website, SEDAR+ and Company’s website and hard copy will also be available when requested by
shareholders. Investors can also communicate with the Company through email at info@chinagoldintl.com. Voting results
are posted on the Company’s website on the day of the annual general meeting.

The Board has reviewed the effectiveness and implementation of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy and was of the
view the Communication Policy remained effective and was implemented effectively to ensure that the Company maintains
long-term effective and good communication with its shareholders.

The Company also published its ESG Report on its website, www.chinagoldintl.com.

The ESG Report communicates to the Company’s stakeholders in a broad manner the relevant environmental, social and
governance initiatives that the Company has made in reference to Appendix C2 of the Listing Rules. The 2025 ESG Report
will be published on the same day as the publication of the Company’s Annual Report.

Our corporate website which contains corporate information, corporate governance practice, interim and annual reports,
news releases, announcements and circulars issued by the Company enables the Company’s shareholders to have timely
and updated information about the Company.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025       37
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
     Results of Operations for the three months and year ended
     December 31, 2025.


     (Stated in U.S. dollars, except as otherwise noted)




FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                 41

THE COMPANY                                                42

OVERVIEW                                                   42

PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS                                     43

SELECTED ANNUAL INFORMATION                                44          SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, ACQUISITIONS

OUTLOOK                                                    45          AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES.
                                                                       ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES,
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                                      47
                                                                       AND FUTURE PLAN FOR MATERIAL
SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA                          47          INVESTMENTS OF CAPITAL ASSETS       65

SELECTED QUARTERLY AND ANNUAL                                          CHARGE ON ASSETS                    65
PRODUCTION DATA AND ANALYSIS                               47
                                                                       EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN EXCHANGE
REVIEW OF QUARTERLY AND ANNUAL                                         RATES AND RELATED HEDGES            65
DATA                                                       49
                                                                       COMMITMENTS                         65
NON-IFRS MEASURES                                          51
                                                                       RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS          66
MINERAL PROPERTIES                                         53
                                                                       PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS               67
THE CSH MINE                                               53
                                                                       CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES       67
THE JIAMA MINE                                             57
                                                                       CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES       67
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES                            62
                                                                       FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND
CASH FLOWS                                                 64          OTHER INSTRUMENTS                   67

OPERATING CASH FLOW                                        64          OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS      68

INVESTING CASH FLOW                                        64          DIVIDEND AND DIVIDEND POLICY        68

FINANCING CASH FLOW                                        64          OUTSTANDING SHARES                  68

EXPENDITURES INCURRED                                      64          DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND

GEARING RATIO                                              64          PROCEDURES AND INTERNAL
                                                                       CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING    68

                                                                       RISK FACTORS                        69

                                                                       QUALIFIED PERSON                    69




38       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS




                 Annual Report 2025   39
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The following Management Discussion and Analysis of financial condition and results of operations (“MD&A”) is prepared
as of March 30, 2026. It should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of
China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. (referred to herein as “China Gold International”, the “Company”, “we”
or “our” as the context may require) for the three months and year ended December 31, 2025 and the three months
and year ended December 31, 2024, respectively. Unless the context otherwise provides, references in this MD&A to
China Gold International or the Company refer to China Gold International and each of its subsidiaries collectively on a
consolidated basis.

The following discussion contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the Company’s plans, objectives, expectations
and intentions, which are based on the Company’s current expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and changes
in circumstances. Readers should carefully consider all of the information set out in this MD&A, including the risks and
uncertainties outlined further in the Company’s Annual Information Form (“Annual Information Form” or “AIF”) dated
March 30, 2026 on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca, www.chinagoldintl.com and www.hkex.com.hk. For further information
on risks and other factors that could affect the accuracy of forward-looking statements and the result of operations of the
Company, please refer to the sections titled “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” and to discussions elsewhere
within this MD&A. China Gold International’s business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and
adversely affected by any of these risks.




40     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                              MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements made herein, other than statements of historical fact relating to the Company, represent forward-looking
information. In some cases, this forward-looking information can be identified by words or phrases such as “may”, “will”,
“expect”, “anticipate”, “contemplates”, “aim”, “estimate”, “intend”, “plan”, “believe”, “potential”, “continue”, “is/are likely
to”, “should” or the negative of these terms, or other similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking information.
This forward-looking information includes, among other things; China Gold International’s production estimates, business
strategies and capital expenditure plans; the development and expansion plans and schedules for the CSH Mine and
the Jiama Mine; China Gold International’s financial condition; the regulatory environment as well as the general industry
outlook; general economic trends in China; and statements respecting anticipated business activities, planned expenditures,
corporate strategies, participation in projects and financing, and other statements that are not historical facts.

By their nature, forward-looking information involves numerous assumptions, both general and specific, which may cause
the actual results, performance or achievements of China Gold International and/or its subsidiaries to be materially different
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward–looking information. Some of
the key assumptions include, among others, the absence of any material change in China Gold International’s operations or
in foreign exchange rates, the prevailing price of gold, copper and other non-ferrous metal products; the absence of lower-
than-anticipated mineral recovery or other production problems; effective income and other tax rates and other assumptions
underlying China Gold International’s financial performance as stated in the Company’s technical reports for its CSH Mine
and Jiama Mine; China Gold International’s ability to obtain regulatory confirmations and approvals on a timely basis;
continuing positive labor relations; the absence of any material adverse effects as a result of political instability, terrorism,
natural disasters, pandemics such as COVID-19, litigation or arbitration and adverse changes in government regulation;
the availability and accessibility of financing to China Gold International; and the performance by counterparties of the
terms and conditions of all contracts to which China Gold International and its subsidiaries are a party. The forward-looking
information is also based on the assumption that none of the risk factors identified in this MD&A or in the AIF that could
cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information actually occurs.

Forward-looking information contained herein as of the date of this MD&A is based on the opinions, estimates and
assumptions of management. There are a number of important risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause
actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described as forward-looking information. China Gold
International disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information,
estimates, opinions or assumptions, future events or results, or otherwise except to the extent required by law. There can
be no assurance that forward-looking information will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ
materially from those anticipated in such statements. The forward-looking information in this MD&A is expressly qualified
by this cautionary statement. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025        41
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




THE COMPANY
Overview
China Gold International is a gold and base metal mining company registered in British Columbia, Canada. The Company’s
main business involves the operation, acquisition, development and exploration of gold and base metal properties.

The Company’s principal mining operations are the Chang Shan Hao Gold Mine (“CSH Mine” or “CSH”), located in Inner
Mongolia, China and the Jiama Copper-Gold Polymetallic Mine (“Jiama Mine” or “Jiama”), located in Tibet, China. China
Gold International holds a 96.5% interest in the CSH Mine, while its Chinese joint venture (“CJV”) partner holds the
remaining 3.5% interest. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Jiama Mine, which hosts a large scale copper-gold
polymetallic deposit containing copper, gold, molybdenum, silver, lead and zinc metals.

China Gold International’s common shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) and The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited (“HKSE”) under the symbol CGG and the stock code 2099, respectively. Additional information about
the Company, including the Company’s Annual Information Form, is available on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca as well as Hong
Kong Exchange News at hkexnews.hk.




42     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Performance Highlights
Three months ended December 31, 2025
•   Revenue increased by 31% to US$384.7 million from US$293.6 million for the same period in 2024.

•   Mine operating earnings of US$209.9 million, increased by US$87.7 million from mine operating earnings of US$122.2
    million for the same period in 2024.

•   Net profit of US$127.7 million increased by US$59.4 million from US$68.3 million for the same period in 2024.

•   Cash flow from operation of US$140.4 million, increased from US$62.7 million for the same period in 2024.

•   Total gold production decreased by 21% to 47,875 ounces from 60,406 ounces for the same period in 2024.

•   Total copper production was 37.0 million pounds (approximately 16,756 tonnes) a decrease from 44.1 million pounds
    (approximately 20,020 tonnes) for the same period in 2024.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     43
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Year ended December 31, 2025
•    Revenue increased by 73% to US$1,310.1 million from US$756.6 million for the same period in 2024.

•    Mine operating earnings of US$684.0 million, increased by US$497.1 million from US$186.9 million for the same
     period in 2024.

•    Net profit of US$472.3 million increased by US$407.0 million from US$65.3 million for the same period in 2024.

•    Cash flow from operation of US$710.0 million, increased from US$306.9 million for the same period in 2024.

•    Total gold production increased by 9% to 177,225 ounces from 162,652 ounces for the same period in 2024.

•    Total copper production was 156.3 million pounds (approximately 70,883 tonnes) a 48% increase from 105.7 million
     pounds (approximately 47,929 tonnes) for the same period in 2024.

Selected Annual Information*
                                                                  Year ended December 31
                                                  2025          2024           2023             2022           2021

US$ Millions except for per share
Total revenue                                    1,310           757             459           1,105           1,137
Income from operations                             590           123              32             317             333
Net profit (loss)                                  472            65             (23)            225             269
Basic earnings (loss) per share (cents)         117.80         15.82           (6.43)          56.19           67.44
Diluted earnings (loss) per share (cents)          N/A           N/A             N/A             N/A             N/A
Total assets                                     3,357         2,936           2,835           3,195           3,257
Total non-current liabilities                      555           809             802             653           1,080


*    Prepared under IFRS




44     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                              MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




OUTLOOK
After the repairs and reinforcements of the overflow of the Guolanggou Tailings Dam, the Government of Tibet Autonomous
Region and relevant departments of the central government approved the resumption of Jiama’s operations on May 30,
2024, with a daily processing capacity of 34,000 tonnes, which is lower than the design processing capacity. The Company
is actively advancing the construction of the Phase III tailings pond, which is expected to be completed and put into
operation in the first half of 2027. The total daily processing capacity is anticipated to increase to 44,000 tpd once the
Phase III tailings pond is in operation.

The open-pit operations at the CSH gold mine are nearing the end of its mine life. With the CSH pit’s increased depth, the
stability of the open pit slopes is becoming more and more prominent in determining the operations plan. Ensuring slope
stability and avoiding systematic risks at this stage are the Company’s top priority to ensure safe and sustainable production.

Inconsideration of the events, the Company reports separate production guidance for the two mines in 2026.

CSH Mine:
•    The total gold production is estimated between 70,732 ounces (2.2 tonnes) and 83,592 ounces (2.6 tonnes).

Jiama Mine:
•    The copper production will be approximately between 140 million pounds (63,500 tonnes) and 149 million pounds
     (67,500 tonnes);

•    The gold production will be approximately between 70,732 ounces (2.2 tonnes) and 75,554 ounces (2.35 tonnes);

•    The silver production will be approximately between 4.18 million ounces (130 tonnes) and 4.82 million ounces (150
     tonnes);.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025       45
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Outline of the Long-Term Development Plan for the Jiama Mine
In 2024, the Company successfully restored stable operation at the Jiama Mine. In addition, the Company continued to
focus its efforts on optimizing resource utilization plan, integrating the identified high-grade underground resources, and
accelerating the exploration work at high potential zones. The long-term development plan for the Jiama Mine consists
of three phases:

•    Prior to the completion of the construction of the new tailings storage facility (the “Youlongbu tailings storage facility”),
     the Jiama Mine Phase II processing plant will maintain and operate at its current processing capacity of 34,000 tons
     per day to match the Guolanggou’s storage capacity (the operation of Phase I processing plant has been suspended
     since May 2024).

•    The Youlongbu tailings storage facility is scheduled to commence operation in 2027, allowing a further increase in
     the Jiama Mine’s production capacity. Over the next two years, as part of the underground resource integration plan,
     the Company plans to apply to increase the permitted capacity on its mining license for the Jiama Mine, subject
     to compliance with the relevant safety requirements. Currently, the permitted capacity on the mining license of the
     Jiama Mine is 14.4 million tonnes per year (approximately 44,000 tonnes per day based on 330 operating days per
     year). Subject to the government approval of an increased annual mining rate, and following the commissioning of
     Youlongbu tailings storage facility, the Jiama Mine’s ore processing volume will return to the level of 50,000 tonnes
     per day, in line with the designed processing capacity of the processing plants. In addition, endeavors are underway
     so that the production levels at the Jiama Mine will restore to those before the Guolanggou tailings overflow through
     blending of high-grade underground ores.

•    The Company is also working to delineate new resources at satellite deposits near the Jiama Mine. The Company has
     been actively conducting geological exploration work in two areas: the Bayi Ranch and the Zegulang North, both of
     which have shown significant resource potential. The Company will provide an update on the exploration progress
     and results in due course. Subject to the final exploration outcomes and feasibility studies on resource development,
     the Company will formulate a comprehensive expansion plan for the Jiama Mine area. This study has already been
     initiated at a preliminary stage.




46     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Selected Quarterly Financial Data
                                                                                 Quarter ended
                                                           2025                                              2024
(US$ in thousands except per share)        31-Dec     30-Sep       30-Jun      31-Mar        31-Dec     30-Sep        30-Jun      31-Mar

Revenue                                   384,734    345,026      307,269     273,096       293,567    254,581       147,955       60,543
Cost of sales                             174,826    147,993      147,872     155,444       171,413    207,762       118,512       72,039
Mine operating earnings (loss)            209,908    197,033      159,397     117,653       122,154     46,819        29,443      (11,496)
General and administrative expenses        21,450     14,184       12,068      12,232        17,877      9,944        10,649        9,096
Exploration and evaluation expenditures       268        224          133         508           247         49            50           92
Research and development expenses          16,399      7,848        5,256       3,296         8,118      4,704         2,113          787
Income (loss) from operations             171,791    174,777      141,940     101,617        95,912     32,122        16,631      (21,471)
Foreign exchange gain (loss)                7,381     (3,039)      (2,037)     (2,654)       (4,631)     2,670          (443)        (157)
Finance costs                               4,511      4,711        4,580       5,002         5,313      5,692         5,722        5,663
Profit (loss) before income tax           171,694    153,450      139,252      95,770        85,540     30,166         3,924      (26,410)
Income tax expense (credit)                43.994     11,156       22,909       9,791        17,223      2,293         8,768         (362)
Net profit (loss)                         127,699    142,294      116,343      85,979        68,317     27,873        (4,844)     (26,048)
Basic earnings (loss) per share (cents)     31.67      35.60        29.08       21.45         16.97       6.84         (1.36)       (6.63)
Diluted earnings per share (cents)            N/A        N/A          N/A         N/A           N/A        N/A           N/A          N/A


Selected Quarterly and Annual Production Data and Analysis
CSH Mine                                                   Three months ended December 31,             Year ended December 31,
                                                                    2025            2024                     2025           2024

Gold sales (US$ million)                                              98.21               78.80            338.47                246.95
Realized average price (US$) of gold per ounce                        4,124               2,659             3,419                 2,453
Gold produced (ounces)                                               28,684              36,719            96,816               108,188
Gold sold (ounces)                                                   23,814              29,641            99,010               100,682
Total production cost (US$ per ounce)                                 1,747               1,721             1,665                 1,645
Cash production cost(1) (US$ per ounce)                               1,521               1,306              1,263                1,064


(1)    Non-IFRS measure. See ‘Non-IFRS measures’ section of this MD&A

Gold production at the CSH Mine decreased by 22% to 28,684 ounces for the three months ended December 31, 2025
compared to 36,719 ounces for the same period in 2024. The total production cost of gold for the three months ended
December 31, 2025 increased to US$1,747 per ounce compared to US$1,721 for the same period in 2024. The cash
production cost of gold for the three months ended December 31, 2025 increased to US$1,521 per ounce from US$1,306
for the same period in 2024. The increase in Cash production cost is mainly due to the increase in environment protection
fees.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025           47
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Jiama Mine                                                   Three months ended December 31,                  Year ended December 31,
                                                                      2025            2024                          2025           2024

Copper sales (US$ in millions)                                         148.99                106.16                 495.56              283.22
Realized average price1 (US$) of copper per pound
   after smelting fee discount                                          3.80                 2.42                  3.17                 2.71
Copper produced (tonnes)                                              16,756               20,020                70,883               47,929
Copper produced (pounds)                                          36,939,257           44,135,873           156,269,659          105,664,184
Copper sold (tonnes)                                                  17,652               19,931                70,959               47,421
Copper sold (pounds)                                              38,917,010           43,940,061           156,437,873          104,545,457
Gold produced (ounces)                                                19,191               23,688                80,409               54,464
Gold sold (ounces)                                                    20,195               23,520                80,406               53,963
Silver produced (ounces)                                           1,275,143            1,479,708             5,645,915            3,231,408
Silver sold (ounces)                                               1,346,956            1,473,027             5,648,631            3,193,073
Lead produced (tonnes)                                                 7,973               13,503                40,912               27,896
Lead produced (pounds)                                            17,577,968           29,768,128            90,196,257           61,500,340
Lead sold (tonnes)                                                     8,451               13,360                41,036               27,493
Lead sold (pounds)                                                18,632,143           29,453,697            90,468,423           60,612,685
Zinc produced (tonnes)                                                 5,248                6,575                23,446               14,663
Zinc produced (pounds)                                            11,569,321           14,495,121            51,688,429           32,326,595
Zinc sold (tonnes)                                                     5,536                6,479                23,556               14,442
Zinc sold (pounds)                                                12,205,513           14,282,878            51,932,904           31,839,913
Moly produced (tonnes)                                                   138                  120                   768                  354
Moly produced (pounds)                                               303,944              264,753             1,692,167              780,704
Moly sold (tonnes)                                                       134                  234                   840                  234
Moly sold (pounds)                                                   295,027              515,217             1,851,486              515,217
Total production cost2 (US$) of copper per pound                        4.36                 3.31                  3.52                 4.44
Total production cost2 (US$) of copper per pound
   after by-products credits4                                             0.88                  0.89                  0.52                 2.32
Cash production cost4 (US$) per pound of copper                           3.63                  2.65                  2.74                 3.62
Cash production cost3 (US$) of copper per pound
   after by-products credits4                                             0.14                  0.23                 (0.26)                1.50


1    A discount factor of 11.9% to 25.3% is applied to the copper benchmark price to compensate the refinery costs incurred by the buyers. The
     discount factor is higher if the grade of copper in copper concentrate is below 18%. The industry standard of copper in copper concentrate
     is between 18-20%.
2    Production costs include expenditures incurred at the mine sites for the activities related to production including mining, processing, mine
     site G&A and royalties etc.
3    Non-IFRS measure. See ‘Non-IFRS measures’ section of this MD&A
4    By-products credit refers to the sales of gold, silver, lead, zinc and moly during the corresponding period.
5    Increased production of by-products combined with reduced G&A and R&D costs, has resulted in by-product credits exceeding total
     production cost of copper.




48     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                            MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




During the three months ended December 31, 2025, The Jiama Mine produced 16,756 tonnes (approximately 37.0 million
pounds) of copper, which decreased from of 20,020 tonnes (approximately 44.1 million pounds) during the comparative
three month period in 2024.

Total production cost of copper per pound increased by 32% due to lower copper grade and increase of R&D in the
three months of 2025 as compared to the same period in 2024. Cash production cost of copper per pound increased as
compared to the same quarter in 2024. However, total production cost of copper per pound after by-products and cash
production cost of copper per pound after by-product decreased in 2025 as compared to the same three month period
in 2024, mainly due to higher by-product revenue from gold and silver.

Review of Quarterly and Annual Data
Three months ended December 31, 2025 compared to three months ended December 31, 2024
Revenue of US$384.7 million for the fourth quarter of 2025, increased by US$91.1 million from US$293.6 million for the
same period in 2024.

Revenue from the CSH Mine was US$98.2 million, an increase of US$19.4 million from US$78.8 million for the same
period in 2024. The realized average gold price increased by 55%, from US$2,659/oz in Q4 2024 to US$4,124/oz in Q4
2025. Gold sold by the CSH Mine was 23,814 ounces (gold produced: 28,684 ounces), compared to 29,641 ounces (gold
produced: 36,719 ounces) for the same period in 2024.

Revenue from the Jiama Mine was US$286.5 million, an increase of US$71.7 million, compared to US$214.8 million
for the same period in 2024. The realized average price of copper increased by 57%, from US$2.42/pound in Q4 2024
to US$3.80/pound in Q4 2025. Total copper sold was 17,652 tonnes (38.9 million pounds) for the three months ended
December 31, 2025, a decrease of 11% from 19,931 tonnes (43.9 million pounds) for the same period in 2024.

Cost of sales of US$174.8 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2025, a slightly increase of US$3.4 million from
US$171.4 million for the same period in 2024. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue for the Company decreased from
58% to 45% for the three months ended December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Cost of sales was impacted by
many operation factors such as grade of ore, recovery rates and stripping ratio. Refer to the sections below for details of
production factors for each individual mine.

Mine operating earnings of US$209.9 million for the three months ended December 31, 2025, an increase of US$87.7
million from US$122.2 million for the same period in 2024.

General and administrative expenses increased by US$3.5 million, from US$17.9 million for the quarter ended December
31, 2024 to US$21.4 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2025, partially due to higher taxes and surcharges
resulting from increased revenue in the current quarter.

Research and development expenses of US$16.4 million for the three months ended December 31, 2025, increased
from US$8.1 million for the comparative 2024 period. The increase was primarily driven by the Company’s research and
development efforts focused on improving recovery rates and optimizing processing and mining processes.

Income from operations of US$171.8 million for the fourth quarter of 2025, increased by US$75.9 million, compared to
US$95.9 million for the same period in 2024.

Foreign exchange gain of US$7.4 million for the three months ended December 31, 2025, increased from a loss of US$4.6
million for the same period in 2024. The gain was attributed to changes in the RMB/USD exchange rates and the revaluation
of monetary items held in Chinese RMB.



                                                                                               Annual Report 2025      49
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Interest and other income of US$2.4 million for the three months ended December 31, 2025, increased from a negative
US$0.1 million for the same period in 2024, primarily due to higher interest income earned during the current quarter
compared to the corresponding period last year.

Finance costs of US$4.5 million for the three months ended December 31, 2025, decreased by US$0.8 million compared to
US$5.3 million for the same period in 2024. The decrease was primarily due to a reduction in total borrowings outstanding.
Management continues to monitor the Company’s debt structure and financing costs to optimize capital efficiency.

Other expense of US$5.3 million for the three months ended December 31, 2025, increased from US$0.3 million for the
same period in 2024. During the current quarter, the Company recognized an impairment loss of U$5.9 million on other
non-current assets based on a third-party real estate valuation report, partially offset by lower expenses in other categories.
Refer to Note 22 Other non-current assets of the consolidated financial statements for details.

Income tax expense of US$44.0 million for the three months ended December 31, 2025, increased by US$26.8 million
from US$17.2 million for the comparative period in 2024. In December 2025, the Company accrued US$23.5 million in
withholding tax on declared dividends to shareholders. During the current quarter, the Company had US$25.0 million of
deferred tax expense compared to US$9.1 million deferred tax credit for the same period in 2024.

Net income of US$127.7 million for the three months ended December 31, 2025, increased by US$59.4 million from
US$68.3 million for the three months ended December 31, 2024.

Year ended December 31, 2025 compared to year ended December 31, 2024
Revenue of US$1,310.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, increased by US$553.5 million from US$756.6
million for the same period in 2024.

Revenue from the CSH Mine was US$338.5 million, an increase of US$91.6 million from US$246.9 million for the same
period in 2024. The realized average gold price increased by 39%, from US$2,453/oz in 2024 to US$3,419/oz in the same
period of 2025. Gold sold by the CSH Mine was 99,010 ounces (gold produced: 96,816 ounces), compared to 100,682
ounces (gold produced: 108,188 ounces) for the same period in 2024.

Revenue from the Jiama Mine was US$971.7 million, an increase of US$462.0 million, compared to US$509.7 million
for the same period in 2024. The realized average price of copper increased by 17%, from US$2.71/pound in 2024 to
US$3.17/pound in the same period of 2025. Total copper sold was 70,959 tonnes (156.4 million pounds) for the year
ended December 31, 2025, an increase of 50% from 47,421 tonnes (104.5 million pounds) for the same period in 2024.

Cost of sales of US$626.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of US$56.4 million from US$569.7
million for the same period in 2024. The cost of sales increased due to the resumption of operations at the Jiama Mine,
leading to higher production costs as the Phase II processing plants was reactivated.

Mine operating earnings of US$684.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of US$497.1 million
from US$186.9 million for the same period in 2024.

General and administrative expenses increased by US$12.3 million, from US$47.6 million for the year ended December
31, 2024 to US$59.9 million for the same period in 2025, primarily driven by higher operational support costs associated
with the resumption of production at the Jiama Mine.

Research and development expenses of US$32.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, increased from US$15.7
million for the comparative 2024 period. The increase was primarily driven by the Company’s research and development
efforts focused on improving recovery rates and optimizing processing and mining processes.



50      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                             MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Income from operations of US$590.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, increased by US$466.9 million,
compared to US$123.2 million for the same period in 2024.

Foreign exchange loss of US$0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, decreased from US$2.6 million for the
same period in 2024. The loss was attributed to changes in the RMB/USD exchange rates and the revaluation of monetary
items held in Chinese RMB.

Interest and other income of US$11.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, increased from US$5.1 million for
the same period in 2024, primarily due to higher interest income earned during the current period and higher dividend
received from China Nonferrous Mining Corporation Limited compared to the corresponding period last year.

Finance costs of US$18.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, decreased by US$3.6 million compared to
US$22.4 million for the same period in 2024. The decrease was primarily due to a reduction in total borrowings outstanding.
Management continues to monitor the Company’s debt structure and financing costs to optimize capital efficiency.

Other expense of US$22.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, increased from US$10.1 million for the same
period in 2024. During the current period, the Company recognized litigation compensation of US$15.0 million arising
from the litigation between Shaanxi Xiaoshanchuan Mineral Resources Development and Construction Co.,Ltd. and the
Company’s subsidiary, Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co. Ltd. Refer to Note 31 Contingencies of the consolidated
financial statements for details.

Income tax expense of US$87.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, increased by US$60.0 million from US$27.9
million for the comparative period in 2024. In December 2025, the Company accrued US$23.5 million in withholding
tax on declared dividends to shareholders. During the current period, the Company had US$23.7 million of deferred tax
expense compared to a deferred tax expense of US$10.3 million for the same period in 2024.

Net income of US$472.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, increased by US$407.0 million from US$65.3
million for the same period in 2024.

NON-IFRS MEASURES
The cash cost of production, cash cost after by-product credits and cash cost per ounce and per pound are measures
that are not in accordance with IFRS.

The Company has included these metrics to supplement its consolidated financial statements, which are presented in
accordance with IFRS. Non-IFRS measures do not have any standardized meaning prescribed under IFRS, and therefore
they may not be comparable to similar measures employed by other companies. The data is intended to provide additional
information and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance, operating results or
financial condition prepared in accordance with IFRS. The Company has included cash production cost per ounce and
per pound data because it understands that certain investors use this information to determine the Company’s ability to
generate earnings and cash flow. The measures are not necessarily indicative of operating results, cash flow from operations,
or financial condition as determined under IFRS.

The following tables provide a reconciliation of cost of sales to the cash costs of production in total dollars and in dollars
per gold ounce for the CSH Mine or per copper pound for the Jiama Mine:




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025       51
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Cash production cost for gold is calculated as total cost of sales adjusted by depreciation and depletion and amortization
of intangible assets. Cash production cost of gold per ounce is calculated as total cash production cost divided by total
gold sold (ounces).

                                                                                   CSH Mine (Gold)
                                                  Three months ended December 31,                         Year ended December 31,
                                                2025                       2024                      2025                       2024
                                                         US$ Per                  US$ Per                   US$ Per                    US$ Per
                                              US$          ounce         US$        ounce          US$         ounce         US$         ounce

Total Cost of sales 1                   41,593,138       1,747 51,018,707           1,721 164,875,882         1,665 165,574,005          1,645
Adjustment – Depreciation & depletion   (5,304,923)       (223) (12,164,347)         (410) (39,205,424)        (396) (57,678,651)         (573)

Adjustment – Amortization of
  intangible assets                        (56,998)         (2)     (163,015)          (5)    (642,989)          (6)    (787,919)           (8)

Total cash production costs             36,231,217       1,522    38,691,345        1,306 125,027,469         1,263 107,107,435          1,064

Total Gold sold ounces                                  23,814                     29,655                    99,010                    100,682


Cash production cost of gold US$ per ounce calculated as total cash production cost divided by total gold sold ounces.

Cash Production cost for copper is calculated as production costs (total cost of sales adjusted by General and administrative
expenses and Research and development expenses) adjusted by depreciation and depletion and amortization of intangible
assets. Cash production cost of copper (pounds) is calculated as total cash production cost divided by total copper sold
(pounds).




52        China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                           Jiama Mine (Copper with by-products credits)
                                                    Three months ended December 31,                               Year ended December 31,
                                                  2025                         2024                        2025                         2024
                                                           US$ Per                    US$ Per                        US$ Per                    US$ Per
                                                US$          Pound          US$         Pound            US$            Pound        US$         Pound

Total Cost of sales                     133,232,929           3.42 120,395,116            2.74 461,258,144             2.95 404,152,493             3.87

General and administrative expenses      20,314,047           0.52    17,020,625          0.39   55,871,979            0.36   43,581,877            0.42
Research and development expenses        16,398,899           0.42     8,118,595          0.18   32,798,609            0.21   15,722,098            0.15

Total production cost                   169,945,975           4.36 145,534,336            3.31 549,928,732             3.52 463,456,468             4.44

Adjustment – Depreciation & depletion   (21,924,108)         (0.56) (21,527,256)         (0.49) (94,305,794)          (0.60) (66,877,508)          (0.64)
Adjustment – Amortization of
  intangible assets                      (6,454,180)         (0.17)   (7,399,660)        (0.17) (28,363,980)          (0.18) (19,117,739)          (0.18)

Total cash production costs             141,567,687           3.63 116,607,420            2.65 427,258,958             2.74 377,461,221             3.62

By-products credits                     (135,694,593)        (3.49) (106,554,080)        (2.42) (469,218,504)         (3.00) (221,844,500)         (2.12)

Total cash production costs
   after by-products credits              5,873,094           0.14    10,053,340          0.23 (41,959,546)           (0.26) 155,616,721            1.50

Total Copper sold pounds                                38,917,010                  43,940,061                  156,437,873                  104,545,457


Cash production cost of copper US$ per pound calculated as total cash production cost divided by total copper sold pounds.

MINERAL PROPERTIES
The CSH Mine
The CSH Mine is located in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region of China (Inner Mongolia). The property hosts two low-
grade, near surface gold deposits, along with other mineralized prospects. The main deposit is called the Northeast Zone
(the “Northeast Zone”), while the second, smaller deposit is called the Southwest Zone (the “Southwest Zone”).

The CSH Mine is owned and operated by Inner Mongolia Pacific Mining Co. Limited, a Chinese Joint Venture in which the
Company holds a 96.5% interest and Ningxia Nuclear Industry Geological Exploration Institution holds the remaining 3.5%.

The CSH Mine is an open-pit mining operations with a designed mining and processing capacity of 60,000 tpd. In July
2019, CSH updated its mine plan based on a result of latest ultimate limit optimization, in which the production rate was
reduced to 40,000 tpd with a life of mine (“LoM”) of seven years as of 2019. The run-of-mine ore is heap leached with
cyanide solution to extract gold and electro-winned to produce a gold dore which is sold to refiners. In June 2020, the
operation of southwest pit ended.




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025             53
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The open-pit operations at the CSH gold mine are nearing the end of its mine life. With the increase in the pit’s depth,
the height and exposed area of the pit wall have increased, and the stability of the open pit slopes is becoming more and
more prominent in determining the operations plan. Ensuring slope stability and avoiding systematic risks at this stage is
the Company’s top priority to ensure safe and sustainable production.

The Company continues to evaluate the potential for underground operations.

The major new contracts entered into during the year ended December 31, 2025:

                                                                                             Contract period
                                                                            Subject          (effective day
Item                                                                        amount           and expiration    Date of
No. Contract Name                           Counterpart                     (US$ millions)   date)             Contract

1    Sales Contract for Waste Materials     Hunan Zhongxing                 10.81            2025.3.24 –       2025.3.24
                                              Environmental Protection                         2025.4.24
                                              Technology Co., Ltd
2    Open-pit to Underground                China ENFI Engineering          5.06             2025.4.24 –       2025.4.24
       Engineering Design                     Technology Co., Ltd                              2033.4.24
3    Sales Contract for Waste Materials     Hunan Zhongxing                 11.27            2025.6.10 –       2025.6.10
                                              Environmental Protection                         2025.7.2
                                              Technology Co., Ltd
4    2025 Open-pit Mine Slope               China National Gold Group       9.37             2025.8.27 –       2025.8.27
       Remediation Project Contract           Third Engineering Co., Ltd.                      2026.10.31
5    Sales Contract for Waste Materials     Hunan Zhongxing                 19.78            2025.12.25 –      2025.12.25
                                              Environmental Protection                         2026.2.24
                                              Technology Co., Ltd


Production Update
CSH Mine                                               Three months ended December 31,       Year ended December 31,
                                                                2025            2024               2025           2024

Ore mined and placed on pad (tonnes)                       1,834,826        1,576,243        10,299,404         9,208,842
Average ore grade (g/t)                                         0.44             0.41              0.49              0.58
Recoverable gold (ounces)                                     17,014           13,187            95,735           102,866
Ending gold in process and gold dore bars
  (ounces)                                                   142,894          146,169           142,894           146,169
Waste rock mined (tonnes)                                  1,493,922        2,800,938         7,011,840        10,548,732


For the three months ended December 31, 2025, the total amount of ore placed on the leach pad was 1.8 million tonnes,
with total contained gold of 17,014 ounces (529 kilograms). The overall accumulative project-to-date gold recovery rate
remained consistent at approximately 56.63% at the end of December 31, 2025 from 56.47% at the end of September
30, 2025. Of which, gold recovery from the phase I and phase II heap leach pads were 59.77% and 54.67% at December
31, 2025, respectively.




54     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Exploration
The CSH Gold Mine drilled 264 meters from hole DDH9200-3, which was remaining from the 2024 drilling program. There
was no other drilling program in 2025 for the CSH Mine.

Mineral Resource Update
CSH Mine Mineral Resources by category, at December 31, 2025 under NI 43-101 are listed below:

                               Mineral                                Tonnage                                          Metal
Location                       Resource Category                     (x1000 t)               Au (g/t)               Au (t)            Au (Moz)

Remaining within               Measured                                  6,031                  0.68                  4.09               0.132
  the open pit limit           Indicated                                 6,647                  0.72                  4.75               0.153
  at a cut-off grade of        M+I                                      12,678                  0.70                  8.84               0.285
  0.28 g/t Au                  Inferred                                  2,576                  0.41                  0.15               0.005

Underground                    Measured                                88,200                   0.67               58.66                   1.89
 at a cut-off grade of         Indicated                               89,850                   0.58               52.07                   1.67
 0.30 g/t Au                   M+I                                    178,050                   0.62              110.72                   3.56
                               Inferred                                62,090                   0.49               30.68                   0.99


Note: Mineral Resources are reported in relation to a conceptual open-pit mining and underground block caving mining. Mineral Resources are not
      Mineral Reserves and do not have demonstrated economic viability. All figures are rounded to reflect the relative accuracy of the estimate.
      Raw assays have been capped. Mineral Resources include Mineral Reserves.
      Mineral Resources are reported at a cut-off grade of 0.28 g/t Au for open-pit mining, based on the following parameters: the heap leaching
      & metallurgical recovery of 60% and gold bullion market price of USD1,980 per ounce. Additional Mineral Resources are reported at a
      cut-off grade of 0.30 g/t Au for underground block caving mining, based on the following parameters: the heap leaching & metallurgical
      recovery of 60% and gold bullion market price of USD1,980 per ounce. USD1.0000=RMB6.3457 dated in April 2022, and one troy ounce
      is equal to 31.1035 grams.
      The mineral resource estimates include Au only. CGME Consulting limited (CGME) has estimated the mineral resources of the CSH gold
      deposit based on a cut-off grade of 0.28 g/t Au within the optimized ultimate open-pit limit and a cut-off grade of 0.30 g/t Au below the
      open pit limit on April 1, 2022. The resource estimate was conducted using Ordinary Kriging, validated by Inversed Distance Squared
      method, and Micromine modelling software.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025           55
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




CGME considers that blocks estimated for the first estimation pass with an average anisotropic distance to samples of less than 45 m can be classified
as Measured Mineral Resources, and blocks estimated for the second estimation pass with an average anisotropic distance to samples of less than
80 m can be classified as Indicated Mineral Resources, and blocks estimated for the third estimation pass with an average anisotropic distance to
samples of not more than 150 m can be categorised as Inferred Mineral Resources. For those Measured and Indicated Mineral Resource blocks,
CGME considers that the degree of confidence is sufficient to allow an appropriate application of technical and economic parameters to support
mine planning and to allow evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit, which is also adequate to support the open pit mining operations.
In CGME’s opinion, the upper portions of gold mineralization at the CSH Gold Project are amenable to extraction by open pit mining with a cut-off
grade optimised of 0.28 g/t Au, and the block caving mining operation would be the choice for extraction below the optimized open pit limits with
a cut-off grade of 0.30 g/t Au in this estimation based on a Reasonable Prospect for Eventual Economic Extraction (“RPEEE”). It is noted that the
partial mineral resources outside of the open pit limit but above the bottom plane may not be amenable to extraction in the future. Meanwhile,
the mineral resources located below 840 m ASL at NE zone and 1,250 m ASL at SW zone may not be amendable to extraction in the future due
to either excessive depth or high dilution. These mineral resources that may not be amendable to extraction in the future are excluded from the
Mineral Resource Statement in this Report.
Block model quantity and grade estimates for the CSH gold deposit were classified according to the CIM Definition Standards for Mineral Resources
and Mineral Reserves (May 2014) by Yuan Chen, MSc., MAIG (M4014)/RPGeo (10262) (April 2022), an independent Qualified Person for the
purposes of National Instrument 43-101 and updated by Mr. Yingting Guo, MMSA., PGeo., an independent Qualified Person for the purposes of
National Instrument 43-101 on December 31, 2025.

Mineral Reserves Update
CSH Mine Mineral Reserves by category at December 31, 2025 under NI 43-101 are summarized below:

                                                                                                                        Metal
Type                                                    T (x 1,000)             Diluted Au g/t                        Au t                   Au Moz

Proven                                                         6,405                       0.64                      4.11                       0.13
Probable                                                       7,222                       0.67                      4.87                       0.16

Total                                                        13,627                        0.66                      8.98                       0.29


Note: Mineral Reserves are reported based on the optimized ultimate open pit limit. All figures are rounded to reflect the relative accuracy of the
        estimate. Mineral Reserves are included in Mineral Resources.
        Mineral Reserves are reported at a cut-off grade of 0.28 g/t Au for open-pit mining, based on the following parameters: the heap leaching
        & metallurgical recovery of 60% and gold bullion market price of USD1,568 per ounce. USD1.0000=RMB6.3457 dated in April 2022, and
        one troy ounce is equal to 31.1035 grams.
        The Proven Mineral Reserves are 6.41 Mt at a grade of 0.64 g/t Au for the gold content of 4.11 t or 0.13 Moz, and the Probable Mineral
        Reserves are 7.22 Mt at a grade of 0.67 g/t Au for the gold content of 4.87t or 0.16 Moz, totaling Mineral Reserves of 13.63 Mt at a grade
        of 0.66 g/t Au for the gold content of 8.98 t or 0.29 Moz.
        The Mineral Reserves for the CSH gold deposit were estimated according to the CIM Definition Standards for Mineral Resources and
        Mineral Reserves (May 2014) by Guangpian Zhang, AusIMM, a full time Principal Mining Engineer for CGME and a Qualified Person for
        the purposes of National Instrument 43-101.




56        China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                          MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The Jiama Mine
Jiama is a large copper-gold polymetallic deposit containing copper, gold, silver, molybdenum, lead and zinc, located in
the Gandise metallogenic belt in Tibet Autonomous Region of China.

The Jiama Mine has both underground mining and open-pit mining operations. Phase I of the Jiama Mine commenced
operation in the latter half of 2010 and reached its design capacity of 6,000 tpd in early 2011. Phase II of the Jiama Mine
commenced mining operations in 2018 with 44,000 tpd design capacity. The combined mining and processing design
capacity at the Jiama Mine is 50,000 tpd.

The major new contracts entered into during the year ended December 31, 2025:

                                                                                                                   Subject        Contract period
Item                                                                                                               amount         (effective day and   Date of
No. Contract Name                                           Counterpart                                            (US$ millions) expiration date)     Contract

1    Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co., Ltd. Jiama China National Gold Group Construction Co., Ltd.           244.25         2025.03 – 2027.06 2025.03
        Copper Polymetallic Mine Youlongbu Tailings Dam
        PC General Contracting Contract
2    Molybdenum Concentrate Purchase and Sales Contract China National Gold Group (Shanghai) Trading Co.,           50.13          2025.05 – 2028.05 2025.05
                                                                Ltd.
3    Supplementary Agreement to the “Tibet Huatailong        China National Gold Group International Trading Co., 69.63            2025.05 – 2025.06 2025.05
        Mining Development Co., Ltd. 2022-2024 Copper           Ltd.
        Concentrate Powder Purchase and Sales Contract
4    Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co., Ltd. 2025      Sichuan Haotianyu Construction Machinery Leasing       2.91           2025.04 – 2025.12 2025.04
        Machinery and Equipment Leasing Project Contract        Co., Ltd.
5    Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co., Ltd. Jiama Xinjiang Nonferrous Metallurgy Design and Research 3.06                   2025.06 – 2027.11 2025.06
        Copper Polymetallic Mine Youlongbu Tailings Dam         Institute Co., Ltd.
        General Contracting and Supervision Project Service
        Contract
6    Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co., Ltd.           Tibet Gaozheng Blasting Engineering Co., Ltd.          9.02           2025.06 – 2026.05 2025.06
        Blasting Engineering Construction Service Project
        Construction Contract
7    Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co., Ltd.23-26      BGRIMM Technology Group Co., Ltd. (Consortium          14.03          2025.5.6- 2026.6.29 2025.5.6
        Sub-dam Embankment and Drainage Works of                Leader), Jiangxi Copper Industry Group Construction
        Guolanggou Tailings Pond EPC General Contracting        Co., Ltd. (Consortium Member)
        Project
8    Copper Concentrates Purchase and Sales Contract         China National Gold Group (Shanghai) Trading Co.,      2,031.28       2025.5.27-2028.5.27 2025.5.27
                                                                Ltd.
9    Contract for Blasting Engineering Construction Services Tibet Zhongjin Xinlian Blasting Engineering Co., Ltd. 6.16            2025.6.1-2026.5.31 2025.05.30
        of Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co., Ltd.
10   Sodium Hydrosulfide                                     Zibo Tengxiang Economic and Trade Co., Ltd.            5.12           2025.6.26-2026.6.25 2025.6.26
11   Cement                                                  China Jinyu Gold Materials Co., Ltd.                   8.03           2025.6.30-2026.6.29 2025.6.30
12   Sodium Hydrosulfide                                     Fengshi Chemical (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                  7.69           2025.6.30-2026.6.29 2025.6.30




                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025            57
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                                                              Subject        Contract period
Item                                                                                                          amount         (effective day and     Date of
No. Contract Name                                       Counterpart                                           (US$ millions) expiration date)       Contract

13   Copper-Lead-Zinc Mixed Concentrates Purchase and   China National Gold Group (Shanghai) Trading Co.,     791.21          2025.7.18-2027.7.17 2025.7.18
       Sales Contract                                      Ltd.
14   Cement                                             Tibet Jiaofa Transportation Industry Co., Ltd.        8.01            2025.11.21-           2025.11.21
                                                                                                                                2026.11.20
15   Steel Balls                                        Baiyin Hengcheng Machinery Manufacturing Co., Ltd. 3.04               2025.11.30-           2025.11.30
                                                                                                                                2026.11.29
16   Steel Balls                                        Inner Mongolia Jinyu Fengxing Mining Wear-resistant   3.30            2025.12.29-           2025.12.29
                                                           Materials Co., Ltd.                                                  2026.12.28


Production Update
Jiama Mine                                                       Three months ended December 31,                       Year ended December 31,
                                                                          2025            2024                               2025           2024

Ore processed (tonnes)                                                  2,871,882               3,095,471              11,838,916                 8,197,448
Average copper ore grade (%)                                                 0.69                    0.78                    0.71                      0.71
Copper recovery rate (%)                                                       85                      82                      84                        82
Average gold grade (g/t)                                                     0.28                    0.32                    0.29                      0.29
Gold recovery rate (%)                                                         73                      74                      73                        70
Average silver grade (g/t)                                                  20.14                   21.91                   21.15                     19.72
Silver recovery rate (%)                                                       69                      68                      70                        62
Average Lead grade (%)                                                       0.77                    1.16                    0.96                      1.24
Lead recovery rate (%)                                                         77                      78                      78                        75
Average Zinc grade (%)                                                       0.53                    0.61                    0.58                      0.68
Zinc recovery rate (%)                                                         73                      72                      73                        72
Average Moly grade (%)                                                      0.028                    0.03                   0.037                     0.029
Moly recovery rate (%)                                                         32                   24.97                      33                     23.20




58       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                              MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Exploration
In 2025, Jiama has carried out exploration work in the mine deep and peripheral areas of the Jiama mining area, completing
a total of 1,254 cubic meters of pit exploration, 4,870 meters of underground drilling, and 25,450 meters of surface drilling.
The main results have been achieved as below: 1. further controlling the main skarn orebody of the interlayered structure
in the Jiama mining area, defining the skarn orebodies in the surrounding contact zone; 2. two gold mineralization zones,
one zinc mineralization zone, and one molybdenum mineralization zone have been defined at Bayi Ranch prospecting
area. Since the consolidation of mineral rights in Jiama area, the Jiama Mine has completed a total of 297,720 meters of
drilling with 622 holes.

Mineral Resources Estimate
The Mineral Resource estimate was originally independently completed by Runge Pincock Minarco (RPM) Global dated
12th November 2012. Mining One was provided with the block model and all files related to construction of the model.
The information contained within this report is based on information provided to Mining One, which has been verified
and, in some instances, refined by Mining One. The Resource estimate is based on three dimensional geological and
mineralisation models that were informed by the drill hole data set.

The Resource is based on three main geological domains that represent Skarn, Hornfels and Porphyry lithologies;
mineralisation is hosted within each of these domains. Domain boundaries were constructed using a combination of the
geology domains and a 0.1% Cu equivalent cut–off for the mineralisation. Standard wireframing procedures were used in
relation to extrapolation of polygons half the drill spacing distance past known data points and tapering of zone thickness
on the periphery of the domains.

Mining One Pty Ltd. noted that gold and silver mineralization within the ore body had a significantly higher spatial variability
than the other elements. This classification takes into account the proposed large scale mining techniques where Au and
Ag will only be credits to the overall products from the operations. Mining One Pty Ltd has assumed that Au and Ag will not
be assigned a single cut-off grade for a selected mining block and will be mined in conjunction with the other elements.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025       59
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Jiama Mine resources by category as of December 31, 2025 under NI 43-101:

                                                  Jiama Project – Cu, Mo, Pb, Zn, Au, and Ag Mineral Resources under NI 43-101
                                                     Reported at a 0.3% Cu Equivalent Cut off grade*, as of December 31, 2025
                 Quantity                                                                        Cu Metal Mo Metal Pb Metal         Zn Metal
Class                 Mt        Cu %     Mo %       Pb %         Zn %      Au g/t       Ag g/t         (kt)       (kt)       (kt)       (kt)   Au Moz   Ag Moz

Measured           90.57         0.38     0.04      0.04        0.02        0.07        5.04     344.76       33.22       33.10       16.60      0.21    14.67
Indicated        1294.56         0.40     0.03      0.05        0.03        0.10        5.48    5126.91      445.26      605.10      375.05      4.12   227.97
M+I              1385.13         0.40     0.03      0.05        0.03        0.10        5.45    5471.67      478.48      638.20      391.65      4.33   242.64
Inferred          405.18         0.31     0.03      0.08        0.04        0.10        5.13    1256.07      121.56      324.15      174.61      1.31    66.83


Note: Figures reported are rounded which may result in small tabulation errors.
        The prices of Cu, Mo, Pb, Zn, Au and Ag are US$2.9/lbs; US$15.5/lbs; US$2.9/lbs; US$0.95/lbs; US$1,300/oz and $20/oz respectively.
        The Copper Equivalent basis for the reporting of resources has been compiled on the following basis:
        CuEq Grade: = (Ag Grade * Ag Price + Au Grade * Au Price + Cu Grade * Cu Price + Pb Grade * Pb Price +
                            Zn Grade * Zn Price + Mo Grade * Mo Price)/Copper Price
        The Mineral Resources include the Mineral Reserves
        Resource Estimate by Runge Pincock Minarco on 12th November of 2012 and updated by Mining One Pty Ltd. In 2014 and by Tony Guo,
        P.Geo, a Qualified Person as defined by NI 43-101 in 2025.




60          China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Mineral Reserves Estimate
The selected mining strategies developed by CGDI in conjunction with China Gold consider conventional truck shovel mining
for the Jiaoyan and South open pits. Various mining methods have been proposed for the Phase II Expansion Underground
Mine with the primary method being Sub Level Stoping with fill (Primary/Secondary/(Tertiary)).

The reserve estimate for the Jiama Project underground mine is based on a combination of Sub Level Open Stoping with
Paste fill, Room and Pillar and Cut and Fill. The mineral reserve estimate is summarised below which are inclusive of the
modifying factors for mining recovery and dilution.

Jiama Mine reserves by category as of December 31, 2025 under NI 43-101:

                                            Jiama Project Statement of NI 43-101 Mineral Reserve Estimate as of December 31, 2025
                 Quantity                                                                     Cu Metal Mo Metal Pb Metal Zn Metal
Class                 Mt     Cu %      Mo %       Pb %         Zn %        Au g/t    Ag g/t         (kt)        (kt)       (kt)   (kt)   Au Moz   Ag Moz

Proven             16.60      0.60      0.05       0.02       0.02       0.19       7.66      99.61        8.30       3.32       3.32      0.10     4.09
Probable          320.23      0.60      0.03       0.13       0.07       0.16      10.38    1921.37       96.07     416.30     224.16      1.65   106.88
P+P               336.83      0.60      0.04       0.12       0.07       0.16      10.25    2020.98      104.37     419.62     227.48      1.75   111.97


Notes:
1.       All Mineral Reserves have been estimated in accordance with the JORC code and have been reconciled to CIM standards as prescribed by
         the NI 43-101.
2.       Mineral Reserves were estimated using the following mining and economic factors:
         Open Pits:
         a)    5% dilution factor and 95% recovery were applied to the mining method;
         b)    an overall slope angles of 43 degrees;
         c)    a copper price of US$2.9/lbs;
         d)    an overall processing recovery of 88 – 90% for copper.
         Underground:
         a)    10% dilution added to all Sub-Level Open Stoping;
         b)    Stope recovery is 87% for Sub-Level Open Stoping;
         c)    An overall processing recovery of 88 – 90% for copper.
3.       The cut-off grade for Mineral Reserves has been estimated at copper equivalent grades of 0.3% Cu (NSR) for the open pits and 0.45% Cu
         (NSR) for the underground mine.
4.       Mineral Reserves have been estimated by Runge Pincock Minarco on 12th November of 2012 and updated by Mining One Pty Ltd. in 2014
         and by Tony Guo, MMSA(QP), a Qualified Person as defined by NI 43-101 in 2025.




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025          61
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The Company operates in a capital intensive industry. The Company’s liquidity requirements arise principally from the need
for financing its mining and mineral processing operations, exploration activities and acquisition of exploration and mining
rights. The Company’s principal sources of funds have been proceeds from borrowings from commercial banks, corporate
bonds financing, equity financings, and cash generated from operations. The Company’s liquidity primarily depends on
its ability to generate cash flow from its operations and to obtain external financing to meet its debt obligations as they
become due, as well as the Company’s future operating and capital expenditure requirements.

At December 31, 2025, the Company had an accumulated surplus of US$813.1 million, working capital of US$580.0
million and borrowings of US$533.4 million. The Company’s cash balance at December 31, 2025 was US$739.4 million,
among which cash and cash equivalents was US$399.4 million, Restricted cash was US$34.2 million, term deposits was
US$305.9 million.

Management believes that its forecast operating cash flows are sufficient to cover the next twelve months of the Company’s
operations including its planned capital expenditures and current debt repayments. The Company’s borrowings are comprised
of US$217.0 million of short term debt facilities with interest rates ranging from 1.25% to 4.36% per annum arranged
through various banks. In addition, on November 3, 2015, the Company entered into a Loan Facility agreement with a
syndicate of banks, led by Bank of China. The lenders agreed to lend an aggregate principal amount of RMB3.98 billion,
approximately US$613 million with the initial interest rate of 2.83% per annum. The proceeds from the Loan Facility are
to be used for the development of the Jiama Mine. The loan is secured by the mining rights for the Jiama Mine. As of
December 31, 2025 the Company has fully drawn under this Facility. The outstanding loan balance is RMB1.39 billion
(approximately US$197 million), bearing an annual interest rate of 1.5% maturing on November 5, 2028.

On April 29, 2020, the Company entered into another loan facility agreement with a bank syndicate. The lenders agreed
to make available a loan with an aggregate principal amount of RMB1.4 billion (approximately US$197.8 million).As of
December 31, 2025, the Company has fully drawn down under this facility. The outstanding loan balance is RMB824
million (approximately US$117 million), bearing an annual interest rate of 1.95%, with maturity on April 28, 2033.

On August 8, 2025, the Company entered into another loan facility agreement with a bank syndicate. The lenders agreed
to make available a loan with an aggregate principal amount of RMB2.1 billion (approximately US$294 million).As of
December 31, 2025, the Company has drawn down RMB50 million (approximately US$7.11 million) under this facility,
bearing an annual interest rate of 1.5%, with maturity on June 21, 2030.

On May 31, 2023, the Company obtained a bilateral loan with an aggregate principal amount of RMB400 million
(approximately US$56.5 million) from China Gold Finance Co., Ltd. at an annual interest rate of 2.05%. As of December
31, 2025, the outstanding loan balance was RMB400 million (approximately US$56.91 million).




62     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                             MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




On November 9, 2023, the Company obtained a bilateral loan with an aggregate principal amount of RMB100 million
(approximately US$14.1 million) from China Construction Bank at an annual interest rate of 1.85%. As of December 31,
2025, the outstanding loan balance was RMB90 million (approximately US$12.8 million).

On May 13, 2024, the Company obtained a bilateral loan with an aggregate principal amount of RMB200 million
(approximately US$28.2 million) from Lhasa Chengguan District Sub branch of Agricultural Bank of China Co., Ltd. at an
annual interest rate of 1.85% for a term of 3 years. As of December 31, 2025, the outstanding loan balance was RMB65
million (approximately US$9.2 million).

On August 20, 2024, the Company obtained a bilateral loan with an aggregate principal amount of RMB200 million
(approximately US$28.04 million) from China Gold Finance Co., Ltd. at an annual interest rate of 2.45% for a term of 3
years. As of December 31, 2025, the outstanding loan balance was RMB180 million (approximately US$25.61 million).

On May 12, 2025, the Company obtained a 1 year revolving bilateral loan with an aggregate principal amount of US$64
million from China Construction Bank (Asia) Corporation Limited, bearing interest at a floating rate based on Term SOFR.

On June 10, 2025, the Company obtained a 1 year revolving bilateral loan with an aggregate principal amount of US$15
million from China Everbright Bank Co., Ltd., Hong Kong Branch, bearing interest at a floating rate based on Term SOFR.

The Company believes that the availability of debt financing in China at favorable rates will continue for the foreseeable
future. The Company continues to review and assess its assets for impairment as part of its financial reporting processes. To
date, the assessment carried out by the Company support the carrying values of the Company’s assets and no impairment
has been required. However, the management of the Company continues to evaluate key assumptions on estimates and
management judgements in order to determine the recoverable amount of the CSH Mine and the Jiama Mine.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025       63
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




CASH FLOWS
The following table sets out selected cash flow data from the Company’s consolidated cash flow statements for the year
ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.

                                                                                           Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                             US$’000            US$’000

Net cash from operating activities                                                            709,984               306,896
Net cash used in investing activities                                                        (246,828)             (204,875)
Net cash used in financing activities                                                        (253,685)              (16,171)
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                          209,471                85,850
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                            6,152                   692
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                183,779                97,237

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                      399,402               183,779


Operating cash flow
For the year ended December 31, 2025, net cash inflow from operating activities was US$710.0 million which is primarily
attributable (i) profit before income tax of US$560.2 million (ii) depreciation of property, plant and equipment of US$132.0
million and (iii) decrease in restricted bank balances of US$32.5 million, partially offset by (i) income tax paid of US$47.6
million (ii) interest paid of US$15.8 million and (iii) Interest income of US$8.7 million.

Investing cash flow
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the net cash outflow from investing activities was US$246.8 million which is
primarily attributable to (i) placement of term deposits of US$306.6 million (ii) payment for acquisition of property, plant
and equipment of US$50.1 million and (iii) payment for land use right of US$19.8 million, offset by (i) release of term
deposits of US$119.0 million and (ii) interest income received of US$8.7 million.

Financing cash flow
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the net cash outflow mainly from financing activities was US$253.7 million
which is primarily attributable to (i) repayment of borrowings of US$306.2 million (ii) dividends paid to shareholders of the
Company of US$31.7 million and (iii) dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of US$1.2 million offset by proceeds
of bank and other borrowings of US$86.0 million.

Expenditures Incurred
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company incurred mining costs of US$61.1 million, mineral processing costs
of US$104.7 million and transportation costs of US$3.4 million.

Gearing ratio
Gearing ratio is defined as the ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated total equity. As at December 31, 2025, the
Company’s total debt was US$533.4 million and the total equity was US$2,337.0 million. The Company’s gearing ratio
was therefore 0.23 as at December 31, 2025 compared to 0.26 as at September 30, 2025.




64     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                            MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES. ASSOCIATES
AND JOINT VENTURES, AND FUTURE PLAN FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OF CAPITAL
ASSETS
Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this MD&A or in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2025, there were no significant investments held by the Company, nor were there any material acquisitions or disposals
of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the year ended December 31, 2025. Other than as disclosed in this
MD&A, there was no plan authorized by the Board for other material investments or additions of capital assets at the date
of this MD&A.

CHARGE ON ASSETS
Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this MD&A and condensed consolidated financial statements, none of the Company’s
assets were pledged as at December 31, 2025.

EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN EXCHANGE RATES AND RELATED HEDGES
The Company is exposed to the financial risk related to the fluctuation of foreign exchange rates for the monetary assets
and liabilities denominated in the currencies other than the functional currencies to which they relate. The Company has
not hedged its exposure to currency fluctuation. However, the Management monitors foreign exchange exposure and will
consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise. Refer to Note 33, Financial Instruments, in
the annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.

COMMITMENTS
Commitments include principal payments on the Company’s bank loans and syndicated loan facility, corporate bonds,
and capital commitments in respect of the future acquisition of property, plant and equipment and construction for both
the CSH Mine and the Jiama Mine.

The Company’s capital commitments relate primarily to the payments for purchase of equipment and machinery for both
mines and payments to third-party contractors for the provision of mining and exploration engineering work and mine
construction work for both mines. The Company has entered into contracts that prescribe such capital commitments;
however, liabilities relating to them have not yet been incurred. Refer to Note 34, Commitments, in the annual consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.

The following table outlines payments for commitments for the periods indicated:

                                                                               Within         Within Two               Over
                                                               Total         One year       to five years        five years
                                                            US$’000          US$’000            US$’000           US$’000

Principal repayment of bank loans                           504,985           217,004           219,171             68,810
Entrusted loan payable                                       28,454            28,454                 –                  –




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025      65
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




In addition to the table set forth above, the Company has entered into service agreements with third-party contractors for
the provision of mining and exploration engineering work and mine construction work for the CSH Mine. The fees for such
work performed and to be performed each year varies depending on the amount of work performed. The Company has
similar agreements with third party contractors for the Jiama Mine.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. (formerly known as China National Gold Group Corporation) (“CNG”) owned 40.01
percent of the outstanding common shares of the Company as at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025.

The Company had major related party transactions with the following companies related by way of shareholders or
shareholder in common:

The Company’s subsidiary, Inner Mongolia Pacific is a party to a non-exclusive contract for the purchase and sale of doré
with CNG (the “Dore Sales Contract”) pursuant to which Inner Mongolia Pacific sells gold doré bars to CNG. The pricing
is based on the monthly average price of gold ingot as quoted on the Shanghai Gold Exchange and the daily average price
of silver as quoted on the Shanghai Huatong Platinum & Silver Exchange prevailing at the time of each relevant purchase
order during the contract period. The Dore Sales Contract has been in effect since October 24, 2008 and was renewed
for a new term that commenced on January 1, 2018 and expired on December 31, 2020, which renewal was approved by
the Company’s shareholders on June 28, 2017. On June 16, 2020, the third Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale
of Dore was approved by the Company’s Shareholders, commencing on January 1, 2021 and expiring on December 31,
2023. On June 29, 2023, the fourth supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Dore was approved by the Company’s
Shareholders, commencing on January 1, 2024 and expiring on December 31, 2026.

Revenue from sales of gold doré bars to CNG was US$338.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 which increased
from US$246.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2024.

The Company is also a party to a Product and Service Framework Agreement with CNG, pursuant to which CNG provides
construction, procurement and equipment financing services to the Company and also purchases the copper concentrates
produced at the Jiama Mine. The quantity of copper concentrates, pricing terms and payment terms may be established
from time to time by the parties with reference to the pricing principles for connected transactions set out under the Product
and Service Framework Agreement. On June 28, 2017, the Supplemental Product and Service Framework Agreement was
approved and extended to expire on December 31, 2020. On June 16, 2020, the third Supplemental Product and Service
Framework Agreement was approved by the Company’s Shareholders, commencing on January 1, 2021 and expiring on
December 31, 2023. On June 29, 2023, the fourth Supplemental Product and Service Framework Agreement was approved
by the Company’s Shareholders, commencing on January 1, 2024 and expiring on December 31, 2026. For the year
ended December 31, 2025, revenue from sales of copper concentrate and other products to CNG was US$964.8 million
compared to US$505.1 million for the same period in 2024.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, construction services of US$139.1 million were provided to the Company by
subsidiaries of CNG compared to US$91.3 million for the same period in 2024.




66     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                            MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




In addition to the aforementioned major related party transactions, the Company also obtains additional services from
related parties in its normal course of business, including a Loan Agreement and a Deposit Services Agreement entered
into on March 25, 2019, December 31, 2019, December 22, 2020 and a Financial Service Agreement on May 5, 2021
among the Company and China Gold Finance. The Company and China Gold Finance entered into a 2024 Financial
Service Agreement on June 6, 2024. As part of the 2024 Financial Service Agreement, China Gold Finance agreed to
provide the Company with a range of financial services including (a) Deposit Services, (b) Lending Services, (c) Settlement
Services and (d) Other Financial Services. On June 27, 2024, the 2024 Financial Services Agreement was approved by
the Company’s Shareholders, commencing on the date of the approval by the Independent Shareholders and up to and
including December 31, 2026.

Refer to Note 30 of the consolidated financial statements for details of significant related party transactions during the
year ended December 31, 2025.

PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS
The Board of Directors has given the Company approval to conduct reviews of a number of projects that may qualify as
acquisition targets through joint venture, merger and/or outright acquisitions. The Company did not have any material
acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Company
continues to review possible acquisition targets.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies, the Directors of the Company have identified accounting
judgments and key sources of estimation uncertainty that have a significant effect on the amounts recognized in the audited
annual consolidated financial statements.

Key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of each reporting period
that have a risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next twelve
months are described in Note 4 of the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2025.

CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
A summary of new and revised IFRS standards and interpretations are outlined in Note 2 of the audited annual consolidated
financial statements as at December 31, 2025.

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS
The Company holds a number of financial instruments, the most significant of which are equity securities, accounts
receivables, accounts payables, cash and loans. The financial instruments are recorded at either fair values or amortized
amount on the balance sheet. The Company did not have any financial derivatives or outstanding hedging contracts as
at December 31, 2025.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025      67
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
As at December 31, 2025, the Company had not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements.

DIVIDEND AND DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company’s dividend policy is a key component of its long-term growth strategy. It aims to optimize capital allocation to
drive business expansion while maintaining stable returns for shareholders. After successfully distributing special dividends
for three consecutive years (2021-2023), the Company is introducing an enhanced dividend policy comprised of a base
dividend supplemented by a variable component that adjusts based on financial performance and market conditions.

Basic dividend: Subject to profitability in the previous financial year and after assessing the Company’s cash flow position
and future capital requirements, the Company aims to distribute a basic dividend at a payout ratio of 30% of the net profit
from the preceding financial year, with cash dividends paid annually.

Variable Component: Subject to favorable market conditions and sufficient funds, the Company may distribute special
dividends in addition to the basic dividend.

Dividends may vary in amount and consistency or be discontinued at the Board of Directors’ discretion depending on
variables including but not limited to operational cash flows, Company development requirements and strategies, spot
metal prices, taxation, general market conditions and other factors.

Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a dividend in respect of the year ended December 31, 2025 of US$0.47
per common share, (the basic dividend of US$140,088,841, and the special dividend of US$46,696,280) in an aggregate
amount of US$186,785,121, has been declared by the directors of the Company upon the approval of the board resolution
dated March 30, 2026.

OUTSTANDING SHARES
As of December 31, 2025 the Company had 396,413,753 common shares issued and outstanding.

DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES AND INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
REPORTING
Management is responsible for the design of disclosure controls and procedures (“DC&P”) and the design of internal
control over financial reporting (“ICFR”) to provide reasonable assurance that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the Company’s certifying officers. The Company’s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have each evaluated the Company’s DC&P and ICFR as of December 31, 2025 and, in
accordance with the requirements established under Canadian National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure
in Issuer’s Annual and Interim Filings, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these
controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2025, and provide reasonable assurance that material information
relating to the Company is made known to them by others within the Company and that the information required to be
disclosed in reports that are filed or submitted under Canadian securities legislation are recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time period specified in those rules.




68     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                            MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have used the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) 2013 framework to evaluate the Company’s ICFR as of December 31, 2025 and have
concluded that these controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2025 and provide reasonable assurance
that financial information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner. Management is required
to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. The result of the
inherent limitations in all control systems means design of controls cannot provide absolute assurance that all control
issues and instances of fraud will be detected. During the year ended December 31, 2025, there were no changes in the
Company’s DC&P or ICFR that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting.

RISK FACTORS
There are certain risks involved in the Company’s operations, some of which are beyond the Company’s control. Aside
from risks relating to business and industry, the Company’s principal operations are located within the People’s Republic
of China and are governed by a legal and regulatory environment that in some respects differs from that which prevails in
other countries. Readers of this MD&A should give careful consideration to the information included in this document and
the Company’s audited annual consolidated financial statements and related notes. Significant risk factors for the Company
are metal prices, government regulations, foreign operations, environmental compliance, the ability to obtain additional
financing, risk relating to recent acquisitions, dependence on management, title to the Company’s mineral properties,
natural disasters, pandemics such as COVID-19 and litigation. China Gold International’s business, financial condition or
results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks. For details of risk factors, please
refer to the Company’s annual audited consolidated financial statements, and Annual Information Form filed from time to
time on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and www.hkex.com.hk.

QUALIFIED PERSON
Disclosure of scientific or technical information in this MD&A was reviewed and approved by Mr. Tony Guo, MMSA(QP),
the Company’s Qualified Person (“QP”) as defined by National Instrument 43-101.

March 30, 2026




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025      69
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD.

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 75 to 156, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at December 31, 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the
year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at December 31, 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
(“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the “Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants”
issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements
of public interest entities. We also have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTER
Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.




70      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

KEY AUDIT MATTER (Cont’d)
Key audit matter                                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Gold in Progress

Refer to summary of accounting policies on “inventories” in note 3,      Our procedures in relation to the existence of gold in
accounting estimates and judgements in note 4(b) and disclosure          process inventory included:
of inventory in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                         •     Obtained an understanding of the Group’s
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the carrying amount of                   process and controls over estimation of gold in
inventory was approximately US$295 million. Inventory of the Group             process.
mainly includes gold in process inventory of approximately US$249
million, representing approximately 7.4% of the Group’s total assets.    •     Tested the underlying production data used
                                                                               in estimation of gold in process used by
The Group measured its inventory at the lower of cost and estimated            management.
net realisable value. Gold in process inventory represents ore placed
on leach pads and in process through heap leaching operations.           •     Obtained ore samples during a site visit and
Due to the nature of heap leaching, the quantity of recoverable gold           submitted these samples to an independent
cannot be directly measured and is instead estimated using models              external laboratory testing to assess the reliability
based on ore tonnage, assay grades and expected recovery rates.                and consistency of assay grades used by
                                                                               management.
Assumptions and estimations are required in determining the
quantity of gold in process inventories including the gold contained     •     Engaged auditors’ expert to assist our assessment
in the ore placed on leach pads and correspondingly gold that                  on the appropriateness of recovery rates
is expected to be recovered. The Group could be required to                    adopted by management from heap leaching
write down the recorded value of its gold in process inventories if            gold processing and the reasonableness on the
estimations and assumptions are inaccurate. Because the nature                 model applied by management in estimating
of leaching process inherently limits the ability to precisely monitor         gold in process from heap leaching.
inventory levels. The actual recovery of gold from the leach pad
                                                                         •     Tested the mathematical accuracy of the gold-
is not known until the leaching process has concluded at the end
                                                                               in-process estimation model and independently
of the mine life.
                                                                               recalculated the estimated recoverable gold
We have identified existence and valuation on gold in process                  based on management’s key assumptions.
inventory as a key audit matter because of its significance to
                                                                         •     Performed sensitivity analysis on assessing the
the Group’s consolidated financial statements and involvement
                                                                               possible impact of reasonably changes in critical
of significant management estimates in determining estimated
                                                                               assumption such as recovery rates.
outcomes of the models in assessing the existence and valuation
of inventory as mentioned in the forgoing paragraphs.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025         71
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

OTHER MATTERS
The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024 were audited by another auditor
who expressed an unmodified opinion on those statements on March 27, 2025.

OTHER INFORMATION
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the
annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The directors are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process. The audit committee of Company (the
“Audit Committee”) assists the directors in discharging their responsibility in this regard.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion
solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.




72      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Cont’d)
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
     or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
     and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
     fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
     misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
     in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal
     control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
     audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
     doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
     required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
     or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence
     obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease
     to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
     a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
     of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial statements.
     We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group
     audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025       73
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF

CHINA GOLD INTERNATIONAL RESOURCES CORP. LTD. (continued)

(incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Cont’d)
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matter communicated with the directors, we determine the matter that was of most significance in the audit of
the consolidated financial statements of the current period and is therefore the key audit matter. We describe this matter
in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences
of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.




BDO Limited

Certified Public Accountants

PAK, Tak Lun, Amos

Practising Certificate no. P06170

Hong Kong,

March 30, 2026




74     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




                                                                   NOTES               2025               2024
                                                                                     US$’000            US$’000


  Revenue                                                            5              1,310,125           756,646
  Cost of sales                                                                      (626,134)         (569,726)


  Mine operating earnings                                                            683,991            186,920


  Expenses
    General and administrative expenses                              6                (59,934)          (47,566)
    Exploration and evaluation expenditure                                             (1,133)             (438)
    Research and development expenses                                                 (32,799)          (15,722)


                                                                                      (93,866)          (63,726)


  Income from operations                                                             590,125            123,194


  Other (expenses) income
    Foreign exchange loss, net                                                           (349)           (2,561)
    Interest and other income                                                          11,731             5,109
    Other expenses                                                   7                (22,538)          (10,132)
    Finance costs                                                    8                (18,804)          (22,390)


                                                                                      (29,960)          (29,974)


  Profit before income tax                                                           560,165             93,220
  Income tax expense                                                 9               (87,850)           (27,922)


  Profit for the year                                               10               472,315                65,298


  Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year
  Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Fair value gain on equity instruments at fair value through
       other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                        19                85,464                 1,271
  Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
     Exchange difference arising on translation of foreign
       operations                                                                     25,993                (8,422)


                                                                                     111,457                (7,151)


  Total comprehensive income for the year                                            583,772                58,147




                                                                                       Annual Report 2025      75
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




                                                        NOTE        2025          2024
                                                                  US$’000       US$’000


Profit for the year attributable to:
  Non-controlling interests                                         5,356         2,566
  Owners of the Company                                           466,959        62,732


                                                                  472,315        65,298


Total comprehensive income for the year
  attributable to:
  Non-controlling interests                                         5,356         2,567
  Owners of the Company                                           578,416        55,580


                                                                  583,772        58,147


Earnings per share – Basic and Dilutive (US cents)       13        117.80          15.82


Weighted average number of common shares
 – Basic and Dilutive                                    13    396,413,753   396,413,753




76      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                  AT DECEMBER 31, 2025




                                                   NOTES      2025               2024
                                                            US$’000            US$’000


Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                           14      399,402            183,779
Restricted bank balances                            14       34,162             66,698
Term deposits                                       14      305,884            118,246
Trade and other receivables                         15        8,246              7,393
Prepaid expenses and deposits                       16        1,794              1,513
Inventories                                         17      294,536            290,405


                                                           1,044,024           668,034


Non-current assets
Prepaid expenses and deposits                       16            74            30,095
Right-of-use assets                                 18       104,519            45,957
Equity instruments at FVTOCI                        19       133,875            48,411
Property, plant and equipment                       20     1,339,447         1,375,498
Intangible assets                                   21       724,647           752,414
Other non-current assets                            22         9,949            15,570


                                                           2,312,511         2,267,945


Total assets                                               3,356,535         2,935,979


Current liabilities
Accounts and other payables and accrued expenses    23      181,828            175,132
Contract liabilities                                24       10,063              8,099
Borrowings                                          25      217,004            148,696
Entrusted loan payable                              26       28,454                  –
Lease liabilities                                   27        1,417                469
Tax liabilities                                              25,253              8,650


                                                            464,019            341,046




                                                              Annual Report 2025   77
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AT DECEMBER 31, 2025




                                                                     NOTE                    2025                 2024
                                                                                           US$’000              US$’000


Net current assets                                                                         580,005              326,988


Total assets less current liabilities                                                    2,892,516            2,594,933


Non-current liabilities
Accounts and other payables and accrued expenses                       23                   25,419               32,822
Borrowings                                                             25                  287,981              565,656
Entrusted loan payable                                                 26                        –               27,823
Lease liabilities                                                      27                   12,628                  459
Deferred tax liabilities                                                9                  135,665              112,000
Deferred income                                                                                 19                   19
Environmental rehabilitation                                           28                   93,778               69,948


                                                                                           555,490              808,727


Total liabilities                                                                        1,019,509            1,149,773


Owners’ equity
Share capital                                                          29                1,229,061            1,229,061
Reserves                                                                                   266,985               99,737
Retained profits                                                                           813,095              433,640


                                                                                         2,309,141            1,762,438
Non-controlling interests                                                                   27,885               23,768


Total owners’ equity                                                                     2,337,026            1,786,206


Total liabilities and owners’ equity                                                     3,356,535            2,935,979


The consolidated financial statements on pages 75 to 156 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors
on March 30, 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:




                        Chenguang Hou                                              Yingbin Ian He
                           Director                                                   Director




78      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




                                                                                            Attributable to the owners of the Company
                                                                                           Investments                                                                       Non–        Total
                                                          Number       Share      Equity    revaluation      Exchange         Statutory     Retained                   controlling     owners’
                                                        of shares     capital    reserve        reserve        reserve        reserves        profits      Subtotal      interests      equity
                                                                     US$’000    US$’000       US$’000        US$’000          US$’000       US$’000        US$’000       US$’000      US$’000
                                                                                                                                (Note)

At January 1, 2024                                   396,413,753    1,229,061    11,179        26,318         (61,875)        121,800       380,375       1,706,858       20,883     1,727,741


Profit for the year                                            –            –         –             –               –                   –    62,732         62,732         2,566       65,298
Fair value gain on equity instruments at FVTOCI                –            –         –         1,271               –                   –         –          1,271             –        1,271
Exchange difference arising on translation                     –            –         –             –          (8,423)                  –         –         (8,423)            1       (8,422)


Total comprehensive income (expenses) for the year             –            –         –         1,271          (8,423)                  –    62,732         55,580         2,567       58,147
Transfer to statutory reserves
  – appropriation from retained profits                        –            –         –              –               –           9,436        (9,436)             –             –            –
Transfer to reserve fund
  – appropriation from retained profits                        –            –         –              –               –              31           (31)             –             –            –
Dividends paid to a non-controlling shareholder                –            –         –              –               –               –             –              –        (1,250)      (1,250)
Other                                                          –            –         –              –               –               –             –              –         1,568        1,568


At December 31, 2024                                 396,413,753    1,229,061    11,179        27,589         (70,298)        131,267       433,640       1,762,438       23,768     1,786,206


Profit for the year                                            –            –         –             –               –                   –   466,959        466,959         5,356      472,315
Fair value gain on equity instruments at FVTOCI                –            –         –        85,464               –                   –         –         85,464             –       85,464
Exchange difference arising on translation                     –            –         –             –          25,993                   –         –         25,993             –       25,993


Total comprehensive income for the year                        –            –         –        85,464          25,993                   –   466,959        578,416         5,356      583,772
Transfer to statutory reserves
  – appropriation from retained profits                        –            –         –              –               –         55,791       (55,791)              –             –            –
Dividends paid to shareholders                                 –            –         –              –               –              –       (31,713)        (31,713)            –      (31,713)
Dividends paid to a non-controlling shareholder                –            –         –              –               –              –             –               –        (1,239)      (1,239)


At December 31, 2025                                 396,413,753    1,229,061    11,179       113,053         (44,305)        187,058       813,095       2,309,141       27,885     2,337,026


Note: Statutory reserves which consist of (1) appropriations from the profit after taxation of the subsidiaries established in the People’s Republic
          of China (“PRC”) and (2) provision of safety production fund of the subsidiaries engaged in the exploration and development in the mining
          industry, form part of the equity of PRC subsidiaries. In accordance with the PRC Company Law and the Articles of Association of the PRC
          subsidiaries, the PRC subsidiaries are required to appropriate an amount equal to a minimum of 10% of their profits after taxation each
          year to a statutory reserve or reserve fund until the reserve reaches 50% of the registered capital of the respective subsidiaries. Pursuant
          to the Caizi (2022) No.136 on implementation of entities’ safety production funds management, effective on November 21, 2022, and in
          accordance with the Articles of Association of the PRC subsidiaries, the PRC subsidiaries are required to appropriate an amount, equal to
          RMB5 per ton multiplied by the volume of ore mined less actual payment, each year to a statutory reserve and utilise an amount when the
          actual payment is more than RMB5 per ton multiplied by the volume of ore mined.




                                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025               79
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




                                                          2025       2024
                                                        US$’000    US$’000


Operating activities
Profit before income tax                                560,165     93,220
Items not requiring use of cash and cash equivalents:
   Amortisation of mining rights                         29,083     19,906
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment        131,998    121,285
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                    4,918      4,776
   Interest income                                       (8,705)    (3,114)
   Dividend income                                       (3,026)    (2,095)
   Finance costs                                         18,804     22,390
   Provision for impairment of:
    – trade and other receivables                         1,434      2,051
    – other non-current assets                            5,879          –
  Write-down of inventories                                   –        291
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment       2,369        620
  Unrealised foreign exchange loss, net                   3,956      1,403


                                                        746,875    260,733
Change in operating working capital items:
  Trade and other receivables                            (2,477)     6,470
  Inventories                                            (4,131)       226
  Contract liabilities                                    1,964      7,954
  Restricted bank balances                               32,536          –
  Accounts and other payables and accrued expenses         (707)    68,414


Cash generated from operations                          774,060    343,797
Environmental rehabilitation expense paid                  (692)    (7,841)
Interest paid                                           (15,802)   (19,538)
PRC income tax paid                                     (47,582)    (9,522)


Net cash from operating activities                      709,984    306,896




80     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                 US$’000            US$’000


Investing activities
Interest received                                                                   8,705             3,114
Dividends received from equity investment at FVTOCI                                 3,026             2,095
Payment for acquisition of mining rights                                                –            (1,226)
Payment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                          (50,136)          (48,286)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                12                 –
Deposits paid for water treatment project                                               –            (6,096)
Payment for land use right                                                        (19,773)          (11,217)
Payment for deposit for acquisition of land use right                                   –           (23,906)
Payment for acquisition of intangible assets                                         (150)                –
Payment for right-of-use assets on or before commencement date                       (874)                –
Placement of term deposits                                                       (306,638)         (133,395)
Release of term deposits                                                          119,000            14,042


Net cash used in investing activities                                            (246,828)         (204,875)


Financing activities
Repayments of borrowings                                                         (306,219)         (156,955)
Proceeds from borrowings                                                           86,000           142,633
Dividends paid to a non-controlling shareholder                                    (1,239)           (1,250)
Dividends paid to shareholders                                                    (31,713)                –
Repayments of lease liabilities                                                      (514)             (599)


Net cash used in financing activities                                            (253,685)          (16,171)


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                        209,471                85,850
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                     183,779                97,237
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents               6,152                   692


Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                           399,402            183,779




                                                                                   Annual Report 2025      81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     1.1 General information
          China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd. (the “Company”) is a publicly listed company incorporated in
          British Columbia, Canada on May 31, 2000 with limited liability under the legislation of the Province of British
          Columbia and its shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
          Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The Company together with its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the
          “Group”) is principally engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and mining of mineral resources
          in the PRC. Particulars of the subsidiaries of the Company are set out in note 37. The Group considers that
          China National Gold Group Co., Ltd. (“CNG”), a state owned company registered in Beijing, the PRC, which is
          controlled by State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of the PRC,
          is able to exercise significant influence over the Company.

          The head office, principal address and registered and records office of the Company are located at Suite 1780,
          400 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V6C 3A6.

          The consolidated financial statements are presented in United States Dollars (“US$”) which is also the functional
          currency of the Company.

2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
     Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards issued by
     International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) for the first time, which is mandatorily effective for the
     Group’s annual period beginning on January 1, 2025 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

     Amendments to IAS 21                              Lack of Exchangeability

     As the currencies that the Group had transacted in and the functional currencies of overseas entities for translation
     into the Group’s presentation currency were exchangeable, the application of the amendments to IFRS Accounting
     Standards in the current year has had no impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current
     and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




82     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Cont’d)
     New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that have been
     issued but are not yet effective:

     Amendments to IFRS 9                          Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
       and IFRS 7                                    Financial Instruments2
     Amendments to IFRS 9                          Contracts Referencing Nature – dependent Electricity2
       and IFRS 7
     Amendments to IFRS 10                         Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
       and IAS 28                                    and its Associate or Joint Venture1
     IFRS 18                                       Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statement3
     IFRS 19 and its amendments                    Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosure3
     Amendments to IAS 21                          Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency3
     Amendments to IFRS Accounting                 Annual Improvement to IFRS Accounting Standards
       Standards                                     – Volume 112

     1
          No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
     2
          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026
     3
          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027

     Except for the new IFRS Accounting Standard mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that
     the application of other new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards will have no material impact on the
     consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

     IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
     IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements on presentation and
     disclosures in financial statements, will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. This new IFRS Accounting
     Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in IAS 1, introduces new requirements to present specified
     categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on management-defined
     performance measures in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and disaggregation of
     information to be disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some IAS 1 paragraphs have been moved to IAS
     8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures.
     Minor amendments to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IAS 33 Earnings per Share are also made.

     IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
     2027, with early application permitted. The application of the new standard is expected to affect the presentation
     of the statement of profit or loss and disclosures in the future financial statements. The Group is in the process of
     assessing the detailed impact of IFRS 18 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by
     the IASB. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material
     if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated
     financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
     Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (“Co”).

     The directors of the Company have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial statements, a reasonable
     expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future.
     Thus they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

     Material accounting policy information
     Basis of consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled
     by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

     •      has power over the investee;

     •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

     •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes
     to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

     Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group
     loses control of the subsidiary.

     Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the
     non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and
     to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies
     in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

     All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members
     of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which represent
     present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries
     upon liquidation.




84       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Revenue from contracts with customers
     The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods
     or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

     A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series
     of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
     satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

     •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
          Group performs;

     •    the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

     •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
          enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.

     A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
     transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with IFRS 9
     Financial Instruments. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only
     the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

     A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group
     has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

     A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a net basis.

     For contracts where the period between payment and transfer of the associated goods or services is less than one
     year, the Group applies the practical expedient for not adjusting the transaction price for any significant financing
     component.

     Revenue is recognised at a point in time when control of the gold doré bars, copper and other by-products is passed
     to customers, i.e. when the products are delivered and titles have passed to customers.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025       85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Leases
     The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16 at inception of
     the contract. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently
     changed.

     The Group as a lessee
     Right-of-use assets
     The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

     •      the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

     •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

     •      any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

     •      an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring
            the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
            conditions of the lease.

     Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted
     for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

     Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at
     the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-
     of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

     The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.




86       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Foreign currencies
     In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
     functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the
     dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are
     retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in
     foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. When a
     fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain
     or loss is also recognised in profit or loss. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in
     other comprehensive income, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive
     income. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

     Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are
     recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

     For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s operations
     are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. US$) using exchange rates prevailing at the end
     of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period.
     Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under
     the heading of exchange reserve (attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).

     Borrowing costs
     Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are
     assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the
     cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

     All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

     Taxation
     Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.

     The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/(loss) before income
     tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or
     deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively
     enacted by the end of the reporting period.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025       87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Taxation (Cont’d)
     Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
     the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
     Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally
     recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available
     against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not
     recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of
     assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time
     of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

     Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
     except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary
     difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences
     associated with such investments are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient
     taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in
     the foreseeable future.

     The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
     extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to
     be recovered.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the
     liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
     enacted by the end of the reporting period.

     The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
     manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of
     its assets and liabilities.

     For ultimate costs incurred for provisions for environmental rehabilitation, the Group applies IAS 12 requirements to
     the provisions for environmental rehabilitation and the related assets separately. The Group recognises a deferred
     tax asset related to provisions for environmental rehabilitation to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will
     be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all
     taxable temporary differences.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
     against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same
     taxation authority.

     Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss.




88     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Cash and cash equivalents
     Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position comprises of cash on hand
     and demand deposits.

     Inventories
     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined using the
     weighted average cost method. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business
     less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make
     the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must
     incur to make the sale.

     Gold in process inventory
     Gold in process inventory consists of gold contained in the ore on leach pads and in-circuit material within processing
     operations.

     Production costs are capitalised and included in gold in process inventory based on the current mining and processing
     cost incurred up to the point prior to the refining process including the cost of raw materials and direct labour;
     mine-site overhead expenses; stripping costs; and allocated indirect costs, including depreciation and depletion of
     mining interests.

     Gold doré bars inventory
     Gold doré bar is gold awaiting refinement and gold refined and ready for sales. The recovery of gold from ore is
     achieved through a heap leaching process. Under this method, ore is placed on leach pads where it is treated with a
     chemical solution which dissolves the gold contained in the ore. The resulting “pregnant” solution is further processed
     in a plant where the gold is recovered. Costs are subsequently recycled from ore on leach pads as ounces of gold
     are recovered based on the average cost per recoverable ounce on the leach pad. Estimates of recoverable gold on
     the leach pads are calculated from the quantities of ore placed on the leach pads (measured in tonnes added to
     the leach pads), the grade of the ore placed on the leach pads (based on assay data), and a recovery percentage
     (based on ore type).

     Others
     Copper inventory is copper and other by-products after metallurgical processing and ready for sales. Consumables
     used in operations, such as fuel, chemicals, and reagents and spare parts inventory are valued at the lower of cost
     or net realisable value.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025       89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Inventories (Cont’d)
     Provisions
     Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event,
     it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the
     amount of the obligation.

     The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation
     at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When
     a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the
     present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

     Contingent liabilities
     A contingent liability is a present obligation arising from past events but is not recognised because it is not probable
     that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.

     Where the Group is jointly and severally liable for an obligation, the part of the obligation that is expected to be met
     by other parties is treated as a contingent liability and it is not recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

     The Group assesses continually to determine whether an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits has
     become probable. If it becomes probable that an outflow of future economic benefits will be required for an item
     previously dealt with as a contingent liability, a provision is recognised in the consolidated financial statements in
     the reporting period in which the change in probability occurs, except in the extremely rare circumstances where
     no reliable estimate can be made.

     Environmental rehabilitation
     An obligation to incur restoration, rehabilitation and environmental costs arises when environmental disturbance is
     caused by the development or ongoing production of a mining property. Such costs arising from the decommissioning
     of plant and other site preparation work, discounted to their net present value, are provided for and capitalised as
     part of the related property, plant and equipment at the start of each project, as soon as the obligation to incur such
     costs arises. These costs are recognised in profit or loss over the life of the operation, through depreciation of the
     asset. Costs for restoration of subsequent site damage which is created on an ongoing basis during production are
     recognised in profit or loss.

     Changes in the measurement of a liability relating to the decommissioning of plant or other site preparation work
     that result from changes in the estimated timing or amount of the cash flow, including the effects of inflation and
     movements in foreign exchange rates, revisions to estimated reserves, resources and lives of operations, or a change
     in the discount rate, are added to, or deducted from, the cost of the related asset in the period it occurred. The
     periodic unwinding of discount is recognised in profit or loss as a finance cost as it occurs. If a decrease in the
     liability exceeds the carrying amount of the asset, the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss. If the asset
     value is increased and there is an indication that the revised carrying value is not recoverable, an impairment test
     is performed in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy.




90     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Property, plant and equipment
     Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods or
     services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress as described below). Property, plant
     and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated
     depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

     Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets other than properties under construction less their
     residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual
     values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
     estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

     Assets under construction in progress are carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs
     directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the
     manner intended by management, including costs of testing whether the related assets is functioning properly and, for
     qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Depreciation of these
     assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.

     When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold land and building
     elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in proportion
     to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made
     reliably, interest in leasehold land is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of financial
     position. When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided
     interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.

     An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are
     expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an
     item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying
     amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

     Exploration and evaluation expenditure
     Drilling and related costs incurred on sites without an existing mine and on areas outside the boundary of a known
     mineral deposit which contains proven and probable reserves are exploration and evaluation expenditure and are
     expensed as incurred up to the date on which costs incurred are economically recoverable. Further exploration and
     evaluation expenditures, subsequent to the establishment of economic recoverability, are capitalised and included
     in the carrying amount of the mineral assets.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025        91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Property, plant and equipment (Cont’d)
     Exploration and evaluation expenditure (Cont’d)
     The Management evaluates the following criteria in its assessment of economic recoverability and probability of
     future economic benefit:

     •      Geology – whether or not there is sufficient geologic and economic certainty of being able to convert a residual
            mineral deposit into a proven and probable reserve at a development stage or production stage mine, based
            on the known geology and metallurgy. A history of conversion of resources to reserves at operating mines is
            used to support the likelihood of conversion.

     •      Scoping – there is a scoping study or preliminary feasibility study that demonstrates the additional resources
            will generate a positive commercial outcome. Known metallurgy provides a basis for concluding there is a
            significant likelihood of being able to recoup the incremental costs of extraction and production.

     •      Accessible facilities – mining property can be processed economically at accessible mining and processing
            facilities where applicable.

     •      Life of mine plans – an overall life of mine plan and economic model to support the mine and the economic
            extraction of resources/reserves exists. A long-term life of mine plan, and supporting geological model identifies
            the drilling and related development work required to expand or further define the existing orebody.

     •      Authorizations – operating permits and feasible environmental programs exist or are obtainable.

     Therefore prior to capitalising exploration drilling and related costs, the Management determines that the following
     conditions have been met that will contribute to future cash flows:

     •      There is a probable future benefit that will contribute to future cash inflows;

     •      The Group can obtain the benefit and controls access to it;

     •      The transaction or event giving rise to the future benefit has already occurred; and

     •      Costs incurred can be measured reliably.

     Development expenditure
     Drilling and related costs incurred to define and delineate a mineral deposit are capitalised as part of mineral assets
     in the period incurred, when the Management determines that there is sufficient evidence that the expenditure will
     result in a probable future economic benefit to the Group.




92       China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Property, plant and equipment (Cont’d)
     Production expenditure
     A mine that is under construction is determined to enter the production stage when the project is in the position and
     condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by the Management. Therefore, such
     costs incurred are capitalised as part of the mineral assets.

     Mine development costs incurred to maintain current production are included in cost of inventories. For those areas
     being developed which will be mined in future periods, the costs incurred are capitalised and depleted when the
     related mining area is mined.

     Depreciation
     Mineral assets are depreciated using the unit-of-production method based on the actual production volume over the
     estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves at the related mine when the mine is
     capable of operating as intended by the Management.

     The Management reviews the estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves at the end
     of each reporting period and when events and circumstances indicate that such a review should be made. Changes
     to estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves are accounted for prospectively.

     Assets under construction are not depreciated until they are substantially complete and available for their intended use.

     Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets.

     Mining rights
     Mining rights are amortised using the unit-of-production method based on the actual production volume over the
     estimated total recoverable ounces contained in proven and probable reserves at the related mine.

     Mining rights acquired in a business combination
     Mining rights acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially recognised
     at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

     Subsequent to initial recognition, mining rights with finite useful lives are carried at costs less accumulated amortisation
     and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is provided using the unit-of-production method based on the
     actual production volume over the estimated total proven and probable reserves of the ore mines.

     Variable payments for acquiring mining rights that are not part of a business combination
     Variable payments that are dependent on the Group’s future activity (including payments based on sales, revenues
     or outputs produced) are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025        93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Other non-current assets
     The right to receive a block of buildings and twenty car parks included under “other non-current assets” is carried
     at cost less accumulated impairment, if any.

     Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, mining rights and other non-current assets
     At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and equipment,
     right-of-use assets, mining rights and other non-current assets to determine whether there is any indication that
     those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant
     asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any.

     The recoverable amounts of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, mining rights and other non-current
     assets are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group
     estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (“CGU”) to which the asset belongs. In testing a
     CGU for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant CGU when a reasonable and consistent basis of
     allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of CGUs for which a reasonable
     and consistent allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the CGU or group
     of CGUs to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant CGU or
     group of CGUs.

     Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use (“VIU”). In assessing VIU, the
     estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current
     market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a CGU) for which the estimates
     of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying
     amount of the asset (or a CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate
     assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a CGU, the Group compares the carrying
     amount of a group of CGUs, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets
     allocated to that group of CGUs, with the recoverable amount of the group of CGUs. In allocating the impairment loss,
     the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the
     other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of CGUs. The
     carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable),
     its VIU (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to
     the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of CGUs. An impairment loss is recognised
     immediately in profit or loss.

     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU or a group of CGUs) is
     increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed
     the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a
     CGU or a group of CGUs) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.




94     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Research and development expenses
     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred. Development
     expenditure that is not recognised as an internally-generated intangible asset is recognised in profit or loss in the
     period in which it is incurred.

     Financial instruments
     Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from
     contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly
     attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial
     liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of financial assets
     or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition
     of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

     The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability
     and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate
     that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received
     that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through
     the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying
     amount on initial recognition.

     Financial assets
     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

     •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and

     •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
           on the principal amount outstanding.

     Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

     •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
           cash flows and selling the financial assets; and

     •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
           on the principal amount outstanding.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025         95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets (Cont’d)
     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Cont’d)
     All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a financial
     asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other
     comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised
     by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

     In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that is required to be measured at the amortised
     cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

     Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
     Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses arising
     from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the investments revaluation
     reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit
     or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to retained profits.

     Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right to
     receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the
     investment. Dividends are included in the “interest and other income” line item in profit or loss.

     Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9
     The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets (including
     trade receivables, other receivables, amounts due from related companies, term deposits, cash and cash equivalents
     and restricted balances) which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated
     at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

     Simplified approach

     For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component, the Group applies simplified approach
     in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead
     recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date.

     Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant
     instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result
     from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessments are done based on
     the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic
     conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future
     conditions.




96     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets (Cont’d)
     Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (Cont’d)
     Other than trade receivables, at each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial
     instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares
     the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring
     on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information
     that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers
     that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.

     The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in
     certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information
     indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account
     any credit enhancements held by the Group.

     A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

     The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss
     if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default
     is based on historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-
     weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

     Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with
     the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined
     at initial recognition.

     The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their
     carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through
     a loss allowance account.

     Foreign exchange gains and losses
     The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign
     currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. Specifically:

     •    For financial assets measured at amortised cost, exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the
          “foreign exchange loss, net” line item in profit or loss;

     •    For equity instruments measured at FVTOCI, exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive
          income in the investments revaluation reserve.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025       97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Material accounting policy information (Cont’d)
     Financial instruments (Cont’d)
     Financial assets (Cont’d)
     Derecognition of financial assets
     The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or
     when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another
     entity.

     On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount
     and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

     On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to measure
     at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve is not reclassified
     to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained profits.

     Financial liabilities and equity instruments
     Classification as debt or equity
     Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in
     accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an
     equity instrument.

     Equity instruments
     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all
     of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct
     issue costs.

     Financial liabilities at amortised cost
     Financial liabilities including borrowings, entrusted loan payable, accounts and other payables are initially measured
     at fair value, net of transaction costs, and are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
     method.

     Foreign exchange gains and losses
     For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised cost at the end
     of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortised cost of the
     instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the “foreign exchange loss, net” line item
     in profit or loss.

     Derecognition of financial liabilities
     The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or
     have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration
     paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.




98     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the directors of the Company are required to make judgements,
     estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
     other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that
     are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
     are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period
     of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

     Key sources of estimation uncertainty
     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the
     end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
     of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

     (a)   Impairment of non-financial assets
           In determining whether an asset is impaired or the event previously causing the impairment no longer exists,
           the Group has to exercise judgement in the area of asset impairment, particularly in assessing:

           (i)     whether an event has occurred that may affect the asset value or such event affecting the asset value
                   has not been in existence;

           (ii)    whether the carrying value of an asset or a CGU can be supported by the recoverable amount of the CGU,
                   which is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value-in- use of the CGU. The value-in-use
                   calculation is based on the net present value of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the
                   continued use of the asset or CGU, or derecognition; and

           (iii)   the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in preparing cash flow projections including whether
                   these cash flow projections are discounted using an appropriate rate. Changing the assumptions selected
                   by management to determine the level of impairment, including the discount rates or the growth rate
                   assumptions in the cash flow projections, could materially affect the net present value used in the
                   impairment test.

     (b)   Inventories
           The Group records the cost of gold mining ore placed on its leach pads and in process at its mine as gold in
           process inventory, and values gold in process inventory at the lower of cost and estimated net realisable value.
           The assumptions used in the valuation of gold in process inventories include estimates of gold contained in the
           ore placed on leach pads, and the amount of gold that is expected to be recovered from the ore placed on leach
           pads. If these estimates or assumptions are proven inaccurate, the Group could be required to write down the
           recorded value of its gold in process inventories. During the year, there is no change in the relevant estimation.

           Although the quantities of recoverable gold placed on the leach pad and the processing plant are reconciled
           by comparing the grades of ore placed on the leach pad to the quantities actually recovered, the nature of the
           leaching process inherently limits the ability to precisely monitor inventory levels. The actual recovery of gold
           from the leach pad is not known until the leaching process has concluded at the end of the mine life.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025       99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
      (Cont’d)
      Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Cont’d)
      (b)   Inventories (Cont’d)
            The Management periodically reassesses the assumptions used in the valuation of gold in process, particularly
            the estimated recovery rate to calculate the amount of gold that is expected to be recovered from the ore placed
            on leach pads (the “Estimated Recovery Rate”). As of December 31, 2025, the Group applies an Estimated
            Recovery Rate derived from metallurgical recovery assumptions disclosed in the NI 43-101 technical report
            and adjusted, where appropriate, based on current operating conditions and historical performance.

            An increase/decrease in the Estimated Recovery Rate by ±3 percentage points would lead to a decrease/
            increase in the average production cost of gold doré bars by US$11.7 million. During the year, there is no
            change in the relevant estimation.

            The carrying amounts of gold in process and gold doré bars as at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are disclosed
            in note 17.

      (c)   Contingency
            The Group is involved in a legal proceeding with an independent mine construction contractor of Huatailong
            and has applied judgement on whether it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required by
            taking into account the new evidences and materials collected and the legal advice. Disclosures has been set
            out in note 31(iii) and no related provision has been made as of December 31, 2025.

      (d)   Depreciation and amortisation of mining related assets and reserves estimates
            As explained in note 3, mineral assets and mining rights are depreciated and amortised using the units of
            production method based on the proved and probable mineral reserves.

            Engineering estimates of the Group’s mineral reserves are inherently imprecise and represent only approximate
            amounts because of the subjective judgements involved in developing such information. There is a national
            standard set by the PRC Government regarding the engineering criteria that have to be met before estimated
            mineral reserves can be designated as “proved and probable”. Proved and probable mineral reserve estimates
            are updated at regular basis and have taken into account recent production and technical information about
            each mine. In addition, as prices and cost levels change from year to year, the estimate of proved and probable
            gold reserves also changes. This change is considered a change in estimate for accounting purposes and is
            reflected on a prospective basis in related depreciation rates.

            Despite the inherent imprecision in these engineering estimates, these estimates are used in determining
            depreciation and amortisation expenses. Depreciation rates are determined based on estimated proved and
            probable gold reserve quantity (the denominator) and capitalised costs of mineral assets and mining rights
            (the numerator). The capitalised cost of mineral assets and mining rights are amortised based on the units of
            gold equivalent metal volume produced.




100     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Revenue
     (i)    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
            The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue from its major products and service:

                                                                                                              2025                      2024
                                                                                                            US$’000                   US$’000


            At a point in time
            Gold doré bars                                                                                  338,473                   246,946
            Copper                                                                                          495,555                   283,224
            Other by-products and service (note)                                                            476,098                   226,476


            Total revenue                                                                                 1,310,125                   756,646


            Note: Other by-products mainly consist of molybdenum, silver, lead and zinc. Other services consist of transportation services, which
                  contribute to less than 1% (2024: less than 1%) of total revenue of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2025.

     (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers
            The Group sells gold doré bars, copper and other by-products directly to customers. Revenue is recognised
            at a point in time when control of the gold doré bars, copper and other by-products is passed to customers,
            i.e. when the products are delivered and titles have passed to customers. A contract liability represents the
            Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration
            (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

            All sales of gold doré bars, copper and other by-products are for periods of one year or less. As permitted under
            IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025          101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
      Segment information
      IFRS 8 Operating Segment requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of internal reports that are
      regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”) to allocate resources to the segments and to
      assess their performance.

      The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has
      been defined as the executive directors of the Company. The CODM has identified two operating and reportable
      segments as follows:

      (i)    The mine-produced gold segment – the production of gold doré bars through the Group’s integrated processes,
             i.e., mining, metallurgical processing, production and selling of gold doré bars to external clients.

      (ii)   The mine-produced copper concentrate segment – the production of copper concentrate including other by-
             products through the Group’s integrated processes, i.e., mining, metallurgical processing, production and selling
             copper concentrate including other by-products to external clients.

      Information regarding the above segments is reported below.

      (a)    Segment revenue and results
             The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and reportable segment:

             For the year ended December 31, 2025

                                                                      Mine –
                                                      Mine –        produced
                                                    produced          copper         Segment
                                                        gold      concentrate           total     Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                    US$’000          US$’000         US$’000        US$’000         US$’000


             Revenue – external and
               segment revenue                       338,473         971,652       1,310,125                 –       1,310,125
             Cost of sales                          (164,876)       (461,258)       (626,134)                –        (626,134)


             Mining operating earnings              173,597          510,394         683,991                 –        683,991


             Income (loss) from operations          172,464          421,723         594,187           (4,062)        590,125
             Foreign exchange gain (loss),
               net                                         105          (458)           (353)               4             (349)
             Interest and other income                   4,568         4,217           8,785            2,946           11,731
             Other expenses                                  –       (22,538)        (22,538)               –          (22,538)
             Finance costs                                (344)      (14,428)        (14,772)          (4,032)         (18,804)


             Profit (loss) before income tax        176,793          388,516         565,309           (5,144)        560,165




102      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Segment information (Cont’d)
     (a)   Segment revenue and results (Cont’d)
           For the year ended December 31, 2024

                                                                  Mine –
                                                    Mine –      produced
                                                  produced        copper      Segment
                                                       gold   concentrate        total     Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                   US$’000       US$’000      US$’000        US$’000         US$’000


           Revenue – external and
             segment revenue                       246,946       509,700       756,646               –        756,646
           Cost of sales                          (165,574)     (404,152)     (569,726)              –       (569,726)


           Mining operating earnings                81,372       105,548       186,920               –        186,920


           Income (loss) from operations            80,934        46,244       127,178          (3,984)       123,194
           Foreign exchange loss, net               (2,087)         (296)       (2,383)           (178)        (2,561)
           Interest and other income                 2,615           258         2,873           2,236          5,109
           Other expenses                                –       (10,132)      (10,132)              –        (10,132)
           Finance costs                              (404)      (17,054)      (17,458)         (4,932)       (22,390)


           Profit (loss) before income tax          81,058        19,020       100,078          (6,858)         93,220


           The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies. Segment
           results represent profit (loss) before income tax without allocation of certain general and administrative
           expenses, foreign exchange loss, other expenses, interest and other income and finance costs, attributable
           to the respective segment. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation
           and performance assessment.

           There are no inter-segment sales for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
      Segment information (Cont’d)
      (b)   Segment assets and liabilities
            The following is an analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by segment representing assets/liabilities directly
            attributable to the respective segment:

                                                                       Mine –
                                                      Mine –         produced
                                                    produced           copper          Segment
                                                        gold       concentrate            total     Unallocated     Consolidated
                                                    US$’000           US$’000          US$’000        US$’000          US$’000


            As of December 31, 2025


            Total assets                             750,910        2,451,131        3,202,041          154,494       3,356,535
            Total liabilities                         50,237          887,806          938,043           81,466       1,019,509


            As of December 31, 2024


            Total assets                             599,908        2,266,611        2,866,519           69,460       2,935,979
            Total liabilities                         34,886        1,033,576        1,068,462           81,311       1,149,773

            For the purposes of monitoring segment performance and allocating resources between segments:

            •     all assets are allocated to operating segments other than certain cash and cash equivalents, other
                  receivables, prepaid expenses and deposits, right-of-use assets, property, plant and equipment and equity
                  instruments at FVTOCI; and

            •     all liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than other payables and accrued expenses, lease
                  liabilities, deferred income and certain borrowings.




104     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
     Segment information (Cont’d)
     (c)   Other segment information (included in the measure of segment profit or loss or segment assets regularly provided
           to the CODM)
                                                                   Mine –
                                                    Mine –       produced
                                                  produced         copper          Segment
                                                      gold     concentrate            total    Unallocated     Consolidated
                                                  US$’000         US$’000          US$’000       US$’000          US$’000


           For the year ended
             December 31, 2025


           Additions of property, plant
             and equipment                           7,276          43,453          50,729               –          50,729
           Additions of right-of-use assets            141          62,807          62,948             206          63,154
           Additions of intangible assets                –             150             150               –             150
           Depreciation of property, plant
             and equipment                         (36,882)        (95,116)       (131,998)               –       (131,998)
           Amortisation of intangible
             assets                                   (719)        (28,364)        (29,083)               –        (29,083)
           Depreciation of right-of-use
             assets                                 (3,318)         (1,543)         (4,861)             (57)         (4,918)


           For the year ended
             December 31, 2024


           Additions of property, plant
             and equipment                           6,311          28,027          34,338                –         34,338
           Additions of right-of-use assets              –          11,217          11,217                –         11,217
           Depreciation of property, plant
             and equipment                         (54,408)        (66,877)       (121,285)               –       (121,285)
           Amortisation of intangible
             assets                                   (788)        (19,118)        (19,906)               –        (19,906)
           Depreciation of right-of-use
             assets                                 (3,606)         (1,071)         (4,677)             (99)         (4,776)




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025      105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)
      Segment information (Cont’d)
      (d)   Geographical information
            The Group operated in two geographical areas, Canada and the PRC. The Group’s corporate division located
            in Canada does not have any revenue and therefore is not presented as an operating segment. During the
            years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Group’s revenue was generated from gold sales and copper
            multi-products to customers in the PRC. Approximately 99% (2024: 98%) of non-current assets (excluding
            equity instruments at FVTOCI) of the Group are located in the PRC.

      (e)   Information about major customers
            Revenue from major customers which accounts for 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue are sales of
            gold doré bars and copper concentrate including other by-products to CNG and its subsidiaries as disclosed
            in note 30(a). No third-party customers of the corresponding years contribute over 10% or more of the total
            sales of the Group.

6.    GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
                                                                                      Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                    December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                        US$’000              US$’000


      Administration and office                                                             9,837                6,918
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                         7,072                6,867
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                      54                   99
      Professional fees                                                                     4,948                6,492
      Salaries and benefits                                                                21,344               18,192
      Others                                                                               16,679                8,998


      Total general and administrative expenses                                            59,934               47,566


7.    OTHER EXPENSES
                                                                                      Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                    December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                        US$’000              US$’000


      Penalties on occupation of grasslands                                                     –                8,739
      Provision for litigation compensation and related interest charge                    15,878                1,393
      Impairment loss on other non-current assets (note 22)                                 5,879                    –
      Others                                                                                  781                    –


      Total other expenses                                                                 22,538               10,132




106     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




8.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                          Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                        December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                2025                  2024
                                                                                            US$’000               US$’000


     Interests on borrowings                                                                   15,081                19,527
     Interests on lease liabilities                                                               848                    66
     Interests on provision of the variable payment
       arising from the mining right                                                              721                   425
     Accretion on environmental rehabilitation (note 28)                                        2,747                 2,811


                                                                                               19,397                22,829
     Less: Amounts capitalised to property, plant and equipment                                  (593)                 (439)


     Total finance costs                                                                       18,804                22,390


     Interest has been capitalised at a capitalisation rate representing the weighted average interest to general borrowings.

                                                                                          Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                        December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                2025                  2024
                                                                                                  %                     %


     Capitalisation rate                                                                          1.89                  2.07


9.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE/DEFERRED TAXATION
     The Company was incorporated in Canada and is subject to Canadian federal and provincial tax requirements which
     are calculated at 27% (2024: 27%) of the estimated assessable profit for the year ended December 31, 2025. PRC
     Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) is calculated at the prevailing tax rate of 25% (2024: 25%) on the estimated taxable
     profit of the group entities located in the PRC for the year ended December 31, 2025 except as described below.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025      107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




9.    INCOME TAX EXPENSE/DEFERRED TAXATION (Cont’d)
      Pursuant to the Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT” Law) effective on January 1, 2008, Inner Mongolia Pacific
      Mining Co., Ltd. (“IMP”) is a certified “High and New Technology Enterprise” which is entitled to a preferential tax
      rate of 15% (2024: 15%) for three years from the year ended December 31, 2024 and eligible for renewal every
      three years. Such certificate will be expired in December 2027.

      Pursuant to the Tibet Administration (2022) No. 11 Notice on Provisional Implementation Measures on Enterprise
      Income Tax (“Notice No.11”), effective on April 29, 2022, Huatailong, which is certified as a “High and New Technology
      Enterprise” is entitled to preferential tax rate of 15% (2024: 15%) for three years from the year ended December 31,
      2024 and eligible for renewal every three years. Such certificate will be expired in December 2027. Additionally, as
      Huatailong was established in the westward development area of the PRC, it enjoys an exemption from local income
      tax, which is set to expire on December 31, 2025. As such, Huatailong is entitled to a reduced preferential tax rate
      of 9% for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. In February 2026, the local policy further extended the
      preferential tax rate for another 2 years period and will be expired in December 2027.

      Pursuant to Notice No.11, Metrorkongka County Jiama Industry and Trade Co., Ltd. (“Jiama Industry and Trade”),
      established in the westward development area of the PRC, employs 70% or more of its employees who are Tibet
      Permanent Residents and enjoys the exemption on local income tax, thus Jiama Industry and Trade is entitled to a
      reduced preferential tax rate of 15% for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

      Under the EIT Law and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, except for the preferential treatments available
      to certain subsidiaries as mentioned above, other subsidiaries within the Group operating in the PRC are subject to
      EIT at the statutory rate of 25% during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

      Under relevant PRC Tax Law, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by the
      PRC subsidiaries from January 1, 2008 onwards. Except the Group has recognised deferred taxation US$23,491,000
      (2024: US$3,690,000) on retained profits of the PRC subsidiary of US$234,905,000 (2024: US$36,902,000) for the
      year ended December 31, 2025, no deferred taxation has been provided for in the consolidated financial statements
      in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated distributable profits of the other PRC subsidiaries
      amounting to approximately US$1,062,565,000 at December 31, 2025 (2024: US$774,487,000) as the Group is
      able to control the timing of the reversal of temporary differences and it is probable the temporary differences will
      not reverse in the foreseeable future.

      Taxation for other relevant jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in each of those jurisdictions respectively.




108     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




9.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE/DEFERRED TAXATION (Cont’d)
     Tax expense comprises:

                                                                  Year ended        Year ended
                                                                December 31,      December 31,
                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                    US$’000           US$’000


     Current tax:
       PRC EIT                                                       56,719                14,741
       PRC withholding income tax on profit earned from
         PRC subsidiaries                                              7,389                2,696
       Underprovision in prior year – PRC EIT                             77                  206


                                                                     64,185                17,643


     Deferred tax:
       PRC EIT                                                         3,865                6,589
       PRC withholding income tax on profit earned from
         PRC subsidiaries                                            19,800                 3,690


                                                                     23,665                10,279


     Total income tax expense                                        87,850                27,922




                                                                      Annual Report 2025     109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




9.    INCOME TAX EXPENSE/DEFERRED TAXATION (Cont’d)
      The income tax expense for the Group can be reconciled to the profit before income tax for the year as follows:

                                                                                       Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                     December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                             2025                 2024
                                                                                         US$’000              US$’000


      Profit before income tax                                                            560,165                93,220


      PRC EIT tax rates                                                                       25%                  25%


      Tax at the PRC EIT tax rates                                                        140,042                23,305
      Tax effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in
        other jurisdictions                                                                 (2,574)              (4,841)
      Tax effect of concessionary tax rate                                                 (79,790)             (13,502)
      Tax effect of tax losses and other deductible temporary
        differences not recognised, net                                                      1,754               12,669
      Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                  1,170                3,837
      Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                         (28)                (447)
      Impacts on foreign exchange                                                               10                  309
      Withholding tax in respect of profit earned from PRC subsidiaries                     27,189                6,386
      Underprovision of PRC EIT in prior year                                                   77                  206


                                                                                            87,850               27,922




110    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




9.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE/DEFERRED TAXATION (Cont’d)
     The following are the major deferred tax (assets) liabilities recognised and movements thereon during the current
     and prior years:

                                                                                                                  Distributable
                                            Environmental           Mining                                            profits of
                                             rehabilitation        rights (1)    Inventories          Others      subsidiaries           Total
                                                 US$’000          US$’000          US$’000          US$’000           US$’000         US$’000


     At January 1, 2024                           (10,900)        107,700             8,081           (3,160)                –        101,721
     Charge (credit) to profit or loss                905          (2,644)            2,219            6,109             3,690         10,279


     At December 31, 2024                          (9,995)        105,056            10,300            2,949            3,690         112,000
     Charge (credit) to profit or loss                338          (3,916)            2,869            4,574           19,800          23,665


     At December 31, 2025                          (9,657)        101,140            13,169            7,523           23,490         135,665

     (1)
            Amount represents deferred tax liability arising from the fair value adjustment on mining rights during the business acquisition of
            Skyland Mining Limited and its subsidiaries (“Skyland”) in December 2010.

     For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets and
     liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                             2025                     2024
                                                                                                           US$’000                  US$’000


     Deferred tax assets                                                                                         –                        –
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                             (135,665)                (112,000)


                                                                                                          (135,665)                (112,000)




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025        111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




9.    INCOME TAX EXPENSE/DEFERRED TAXATION (Cont’d)
      The Group’s unrecognised deferred income tax assets are as follows:

                                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                                            US$’000               US$’000


      Deferred income tax assets
        Tax losses carry forwards                                                             30,986               30,493
        Other deductible temporary differences                                                 1,656                1,657


      Total unrecognised deferred income tax assets                                           32,642               32,150


      Due to the unpredictability of future profit streams, deferred tax asset of US$30,986,000 (2024: US$30,493,000)
      has not been recognised in respect of unused tax losses of US$147 million (2024: US$145 million) which are mainly
      generated from the Company. Under Canadian tax laws, unused tax losses can be carried forward for 20 years if the
      loss arises in tax years ended after December 31, 2005. Included in unrecognised tax losses are losses of US$82
      million that will expire from 2027 to 2045 (2024: US$81 million that will expire from 2027 to 2044). Other losses
      may be carried forward indefinitely.

      Other deductible temporary differences of US$2 million (2024: US$2 million) are primarily comprised of share issue
      costs and cumulative eligible capital expenditures that were incurred by the Company which are tax deductible
      according to the relevant tax law in Canada. No deferred tax asset has been recognised because the amount of
      future taxable profit that will be available to realise such assets is unpredictable and not probable.

      The Group is within the scope of the Pillar Two model rules. The Group will account for the Pillar Two income taxes
      as current tax when incurred. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or substantively enacted but not yet in effect
      as at 31 December 2025 in certain jurisdictions, such as the PRC, in which the Group operates.

      Potential exposure is assessed based on the information available regarding the financial performance of the Group
      in the current year. As such, it may not be entirely representative of future circumstances. Based on the assessment,
      the Group’s effective tax rates in jurisdictions in which it operates are above 15% and the directors of the Company
      are not currently aware of any circumstances under which they might change. Therefore, the Group does not expect
      potential exposure to Pillar Two “top-up” taxes. The Group continues to follow Pillar Two legislative developments to
      evaluate the potential future impact on its financial statements.




112     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




10. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                      Year ended        Year ended
                                                                                    December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                                        US$’000           US$’000

   Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging (crediting):

   Auditor’s remuneration                                                                   600                  767


   Depreciation included in cost of sales and inventories                               124,924            114,400
   Depreciation included in research and development expenses                                 2                 18
   Depreciation included in general and administrative expenses (note 6)                  7,072              6,867

   Total depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                  131,998            121,285


   Depreciation included in cost of sales and inventories                                  4,864                4,677
   Depreciation included in general and administrative expenses (note 6)                      54                   99

   Total depreciation of right-of-use assets                                               4,918                4,776


   Amortisation of mining rights (included in cost of sales)                             29,083                19,906


   Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                       2,369                 620


   Staff costs
     Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (note 11)                                  310                   493
     Staff salaries and benefits                                                         19,610                16,526
     Retirement benefits contributions                                                    1,424                 1,173

   Total salaries and benefits included in administrative expenses (note 6)              21,344                18,192
   Total salaries and benefits included in cost of sales and inventories                 63,470                56,443
   Total salaries and benefits included in research and development
     expenses                                                                              2,882                2,340

   Total staff costs                                                                     87,696                76,975


   Bank interest income                                                                   (8,705)              (3,114)


   Dividend income from equity instrument at FVTOCI                                       (3,026)              (2,095)


   Government grants                                                                       (871)                 (363)


   Allowance for credit losses of trade and other receivables, net                         1,434                2,051
   Provision for impairment of other non-current assets (note 22)                          5,879                    –


   Write-down of inventories                                                                   –                 291



                                                                                          Annual Report 2025     113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
      (a)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
            Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules
            and CO, is as follows:

            For the year ended December 31, 2025

                                                                             Salaries        Retirement
                                                                            and other           benefits
                                                              Fees            benefits     contributions            Total
                                                           US$’000           US$’000           US$’000           US$’000


            Executive Directors and Chief
              Executives (Note a)
            Chenguang Hou                                          –                 –                –                 –


            Executive Directors (Note b)
            Na Tian                                                –                –                 –                 –
            Yuanhui Fu                                             –              106                10               116


            Non-executive Director (Note c)
            Wanming Wang                                           –                 –                –                 –


            Independent Non-executive Directors
              (Note d)
            Yingbin Ian He                                       53                  –                3                56
            Wei Shao                                             45                  –                1                46
            Bielin Shi                                           46                  –                –                46
            Ruixia (Rane) Han                                    46                  –                –                46


                                                                190               106                14               310




114    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
    (Cont’d)
   (a)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Cont’d)
         For the year ended December 31, 2024

                                                              Salaries     Retirement
                                                            and other         benefits
                                                   Fees       benefits   contributions          Total
                                                US$’000      US$’000         US$’000         US$’000


         Executive Directors and Chief
           Executives (Note a)
         Junhu Tong                                   –            26               3             29
         Chenguang Hou                                –             –               –              –


         Executive Directors (Note b)
         Weibin Zhang                                 –           148               9            157
         Na Tian                                      –             –               –              –
         Yuanhui Fu                                   –           100               9            109


         Non-executive Director (Note c)
         Wanming Wang                                 –             –               –              –


         Independent Non-executive Directors
           (Note d)
         Yingbin Ian He                             54              –               3             57
         Wei Shao                                   46              –               3             49
         Bielin Shi                                 46              –               –             46
         Ruixia (Rane) Han                          46              –               –             46


                                                   192            274              27            493




                                                                            Annual Report 2025   115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
    (Cont’d)
      (a)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Cont’d)
            Notes:
            (a)      Mr. Chenguang Hou was appointed as executive directors and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) effective from November 14,
                     2024. He is employed by CNG and his emolument payments are centralised and made by CNG for the years ended December
                     31, 2024 and 2025. Mr. Junhu Tong resigned as executive director and CEO effective from August 2, 2024. Mr. Junhu Tong
                     was also employed by CNG and partial of his emolument payments were centralised and made by CNG for the year ended
                     December 31, 2024.
            (b)      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the affairs
                     of the Company and the Group.
                     Ms. Na Tian is employed by CNG and her emolument payments are centralised and made by CNG for the years ended
                     December 31, 2024 and 2025.
                     Mr. Weibin Zhang retired as an executive director of the Company with effect from the conclusion of the annual general
                     meeting held on June 26, 2025 (or June 27, 2025 Hong Kong time).
            (c)      The non-executive director’s emoluments shown above were mainly for his services as director of the Company.
            (d)      The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as directors of the Company.

            For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, none of the directors of the Company waived or agreed
            to waive any emoluments.

      (b) Five highest paid employees
            The five highest paid employees included one director (2024: two directors) for the year ended December 31,
            2025. The emoluments of the four (2024: three) non-director employees for the year ended December 31,
            2025, are as follows:

                                                                                                        Year ended               Year ended
                                                                                                      December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                              2025                     2024
                                                                                                          US$’000                  US$’000


            Employees
             Salaries and other benefits                                                                          463                      385
             Retirement benefits contributions                                                                     19                       15


                                                                                                                  482                      400




116    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
    (Cont’d)
   (b) Five highest paid employees (Cont’d)
        The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration fell
        within the following band is as follows:

                                                                                       No. of individuals
                                                                                         2025                  2024


        Nil to HK$1,000,000 (equivalent to approximately US$129,000)                         2                    1
        HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
          US$129,001 to US$193,000)                                                          2                    2


        During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors
        of the Company or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
        compensation for loss of office.

12. DIVIDEND
   During the year ended December 31, 2024, a dividend in respect of the year ended December 31, 2024 of US$0.08
   per common share (the basic dividend of US$0.05, and the special dividend of US$0.03), in an aggregate amount
   of US$31,713,000 was declared and paid to the shareholders of the Company upon the approval of the board
   resolution dated March 26, 2025.

   Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a dividend in respect of the year ended December 31, 2025 of
   US$0.47 per common share, in an aggregate amount of US$186,785,121, has been declared by the directors of
   the Company upon the approval of the board resolution dated March 30, 2026.

13. EARNINGS PER SHARE
   Profit used in determining earnings per share are presented below:

                                                                                    Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                  December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                          2025               2024


   Profit attributable to owners of the Company for the purposes of basic
     earnings per share (US$’000)                                                     466,959                 62,732


   Weighted average number of common shares, basic                                396,413,753          396,413,753


   Basic earnings per share (US cents)                                                 117.80                  15.82


   The Group had no outstanding potential dilutive instruments issued as at December 31, 2025 and 2024 and during
   the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. Therefore, diluted earnings per share is the same as the basic
   earnings per share.



                                                                                         Annual Report 2025     117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




14. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS/RESTRICTED BALANCES/TERM DEPOSITS
      Cash and cash equivalents of the Group are comprised of cash on hand and bank balances. The Group’s cash
      and cash equivalents, restricted balances and term deposits denominated in the foreign currencies other than the
      respective group entities’ functional currencies are presented below:

                                                                                          December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                              US$’000              US$’000


      Denominated in:
        Canadian dollars                                                                           179                    129
        Renminbi (“RMB”)                                                                       346,538                170,392
        US$                                                                                          –                      3
        Hong Kong dollars                                                                        4,801                  4,227


                                                                                               351,518                174,751


      The bank balances carry interest rates ranging from 0.05% to 1.485% (2024: 0.001% to 2.95%) per annum.

      Restricted balances carry interest at market rates ranging from 0.05% to 0.10% (2024: 0.35% to 1.15%) per annum.
      Included in the restricted balance as at December 31, 2025 and 2024, are cash held in designated bank accounts
      restricted for mine reclamation and environmental rehabilitation purposes as required by government regulations,
      certain amounts represents deposits that have been frozen by the Intermediate People’s Court of Lhasa City, Tibet
      (“Tibet Intermediate Court”) in relation to the litigations involved by Huatailong. Details of litigations are set out in
      note 31(i).

      As at December 31, 2025, term deposits carry interest at fixed market rates ranging from 1.15% to 1.7% (2024:
      1.5% to 2.0%) per annum. The Group’s term deposits represent deposits held in a CNG subsidiary denominated in
      RMB with original maturities over three months and redeemable on maturity.

      The Group maintains deposits with China National Gold Group Finance Company Limited (“China Gold Finance”),
      a subsidiary of CNG, which is a related party. China Gold Finance holds a financial institution licence and provides
      financial services exclusively to subsidiaries and associates of CNG.

      These deposits are unsecured, interest-bearing at rates that are considered to be comparable to prevailing market
      rates, and are cashable on demand or repayable at their stated maturity. Further details are disclosed in Note 30
      (a) to the consolidated financial statements.




118     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




15. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                  December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                         2025                    2024
                                                                                                      US$’000                 US$’000


   Trade receivables                                                                                       2,111                    2,473
   Less: allowance for credit losses                                                                        (344)                    (180)


                                                                                                           1,767                    2,293
   Amounts due from related companies (note 30(a))            (1)
                                                                                                           2,762                    1,583
   Other receivables(2)                                                                                    3,717                    3,517


   Total trade and other receivables                                                                       8,246                    7,393


   At January 1, 2024, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to US$1,466,000.

   (1)
         The amounts are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.
   (2)
         Included in the balance as at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are Tax and Other Surcharges (as defined in note 22) with carrying
         amount of nil (2024: US$1,270,000), net of allowance for credit losses, to be recovered from Zhongxinfang Tibet Construction
         Investment Co. Ltd. (“Zhongxinfang”), an independent third party property developer. As detailed disclosed in Note 31(i)(c).

   Based on the best available information to the Group and the credit risk assessment of Zhongxinfang as of December
   31, 2025, expected credit loss of RMB9,131,000 (equivalent to US$1,270,000) (2024: RMB13,697,000 (equivalent to
   US$1,923,000) for the Tax and Other Surcharge from Zhongxinfang are recognised, and the accumulated allowance
   for credit losses is RMB45,655,000 (equivalent to US$6,351,000) as of December 31, 2025 (2024: RMB36,524,000
   (equivalent to US$5,081,000)).

   The Group allows an average credit period of 30 days and 180 days to its trade customers.

   Below is an aged analysis of trade receivables (net of allowance for credit losses) presented based on invoice dates,
   which approximated the respective revenue recognition dates, at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                  December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                         2025                    2024
                                                                                                      US$’000                 US$’000


   Less than 30 days                                                                                         714                      819
   31 to 90 days                                                                                             241                      130
   91 to 180 days                                                                                              3                      276
   Over 180 days                                                                                             809                    1,068


   Total trade receivables                                                                                 1,767                    2,293


   In determining the recoverability of a trade receivable, the Group considers any change in the credit quality of the
   trade receivable from the date credit was initially granted up to the reporting date.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025           119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




16. PREPAID EXPENSES AND DEPOSITS
                                                                                                            December 31,              December 31,
                                                                                                                   2025                      2024
                                                                                                                US$’000                   US$’000


      Deposit for acquisition of land use right (Note a)                                                                  –                    23,906
      Deposit for water treatment project                                                                                 –                     6,017
      Deposit paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment (Note b)                                             74                       172
      Other prepayment and deposits                                                                                   1,794                     1,513


                                                                                                                      1,868                    31,608
      Less: Amounts that will be settled or utilised within one year shown
            under current assets                                                                                     (1,794)                    (1,513)


      Amounts that will be settled or utilised for more than one year shown
       under non-current assets                                                                                           74                   30,095


      Notes:
      a.       The amounts comprised cost of land use right, grassland compensation fee paid to government authorities and relocation compensation
               fees paid to pastoralists, which are related to the acquisition of a land use right for the Phase III tailings dam construction project in
               Jiama Mine. During the year, the acquisition of land used rights was completed the relevant deposits paid was transferred to right
               of use assets.
      b.       The amount represents deposits paid to third party contractors for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment to expand the
               Group’s mining capacity in Tibet, the PRC. The amount is shown as non-current asset.




120        China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




17. INVENTORIES
                                                                                  December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                      US$’000             US$’000


   Gold in process                                                                    249,498             222,568
   Gold doré bars                                                                       8,283              26,467
   Consumables                                                                          9,713              11,119
   Copper concentrate                                                                   5,017               5,959
   Spare parts                                                                         22,025              24,292


   Total inventories                                                                  294,536             290,405


   Inventories totalling US$620,578,000 (2024: US$464,027,000) for the year ended December 31, 2025 was recognised
   in cost of sales.

18. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                     Leasehold           Leased            Leased
                                                         lands        equipment         properties           Total
                                                      US$’000          US$’000           US$’000          US$’000


   At December 31, 2025
   Carrying amount                                    103,949              391                179         104,519


   At December 31, 2024
   Carrying amount                                     45,031              899                   27          45,957


   For the year ended
   December 31, 2025
   Depreciation charge                                  4,441              420                   57           4,918


   For the year ended
   December 31, 2024
   Depreciation charge                                  4,208              469                   99           4,776




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025     121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




18. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Cont’d)
                                                                                                       Year ended              Year ended
                                                                                                     December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                             2025                    2024
                                                                                                         US$’000                 US$’000


      Total cash outflow for leases (Note)                                                                  21,161                    35,722


      Additions to right-of-use assets                                                                      63,154                    11,217


      For both years, the Group leases leasehold lands, equipment and office premises for its operations. The lease terms
      of leasehold lands are 2 years to in perpetuity (2024: 2 years to in perpetuity). Lease contracts of office premises and
      equipment are entered into for a fixed term of 5 years (2024: 5 years). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual
      basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the
      length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for
      which the contract is enforceable.

      The Group obtained several land use right certificates for leasehold lands where its mining facilities are primarily
      located. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire these leasehold lands. The leasehold lands are presented
      separately.

      Note: The amount that the Group paid to government authorities and pastoralists of during the year ended 31 December 2024 of
            US$23,906,000 as a deposit for acquisition of land use right is included in the total cash outflow for leases for the year ended 31
            December 2024.

      The Group depreciated the leasehold lands using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
      leasehold land.

      Restrictions or covenants on leases
      In addition, lease liabilities of US$12,584,000 (2024: US$928,000) are recognised with related right-of-use assets of
      US$13,458,000 (2024: US$926,000) as at December 31, 2025. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants
      other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as
      security for borrowing purposes.




122     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




19. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI
                                                                                                     December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                                         US$’000                  US$’000


   Listed investments:
   Equity securities listed in Hong Kong (Note a)                                                          133,678                     47,599


   Unlisted investments:
   Equity securities (Note b)                                                                                    197                       812


   Total                                                                                                   133,875                     48,411


   Note:

   a.      The above investments represent 2.03% equity interest in ordinary shares of China Nonferrous Mining Corporation Limited (“CNMC”),
           an entity listed in Hong Kong and is principally engaged in mining, processing and trading of nonferrous metals in Zambia. These
           investments are not held for trading, instead, they are held for long-term strategic purposes. The directors of the Company have
           elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations
           in these investments’ fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for
           long-term purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.
           During the year ended December 31, 2025, a fair value gain of US$86,079,000 (2024: US$1,271,000) was recognised in other
           comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of investments revaluation reserve in accordance with the Group’s
           accounting policies.
   b.      The above unlisted equity investments represent 7.425% (2024: 7.425%) share interest in Tibet Zhongjin Xinlian Demolition Engineering
           Co. Ltd. (“Tibet Zhongjin Xinlian”) and 4% share interest in Tibet Electric Power Trading Center Co., Ltd. (“Tibet Electric”). Tibet
           Zhongjin Xinlian is established in the PRC and principally engaged in the development and manufacturing of explosives. Tibet Electric
           is established in the PRC and is principally engaged in the trading of electric power in the PRC. The directors of the Company have
           elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations
           in these investments’ fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for
           long-term purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.
           During the year, a fair value loss of unlisted investments of USD615,000 (2024: Nil) was recognised in other comprehensive income
           and accumulated under the heading of investments revaluation reserve in accordance with the Group’s accounting policies. As
           at December 31, 2025, the fair value of the unlisted equity investments are RMB1,385,000 (approximately US$197,000) (2024:
           RMB5,838,000 (approximately US$812,000)),




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025           123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




20. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                         Furniture   Machinery                                          Construction
                                                                        and office         and      Motor     Leasehold      Mineral     in progress
                                                Buildings   Crushers    equipment    equipment    vehicles improvements       assets         (“CIP”)        Total
                                                US$’000     US$’000      US$’000      US$’000     US$’000      US$’000      US$’000         US$’000      US$’000

      COST
      At January 1, 2024                        516,370     227,332       15,582      311,738      11,728           98     1,419,318       125,711     2,627,877
      Additions                                   1,502           –        2,677        5,010           8            –        14,048        11,093        34,338
      Transfer from CIP                         115,345           –            –            –           –            –            31      (115,376)            –
      Environmental rehabilitation adjustment
          (note 28)                                    –           –            –            –          –             –           (9)             –           (9)
      Disposals                                     (997)          –          (37)      (2,336)         –             –            –              –       (3,370)
      Exchange realignment                        (8,257)          –         (195)      (3,787)      (123)            –      (12,787)          (878)     (26,027)


      At December 31, 2024                      623,963     227,332       18,027      310,625      11,613           98     1,420,601         20,550    2,632,809
      Additions                                   1,791           –        3,785        5,608       1,790            –         8,696         29,059       50,729
      Transfer from CIP                          10,169           –          113            –           –            –             –        (10,282)           –
      Environmental rehabilitation adjustment
         (note 28)                                    –            –            –           –           –             –      20,249               –       20,249
      Disposals                                       –            –         (142)        (21)       (550)            –      (2,098)              –       (2,811)
      Exchange realignment                       13,727            –          365       5,868         208             –      18,670             701       39,539


      At December 31, 2025                      649,650     227,332       22,148      322,080      13,061           98     1,466,118        40,028     2,740,515


      ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
      At January 1, 2024                        (173,213)   (187,449)      (9,562)   (186,509)     (7,688)          (98)   (581,457)              –    (1,145,976)
      Provided for the year                      (30,023)    (14,054)      (1,653)    (18,044)       (862)            –     (56,649)              –      (121,285)
      Eliminated on disposals                        545           –            3       2,202           –             –           –               –         2,750
      Exchange realignment                         2,509           –          113       2,170          81             –       2,327               –         7,200


      At December 31, 2024                      (200,182)   (201,503)     (11,099)   (200,181)     (8,469)          (98)   (635,779)              –    (1,257,311)
      Provided for the year                      (44,404)       (658)      (3,626)    (16,959)     (1,930)            –     (64,421)              –      (131,998)
      Eliminated on disposals                          –           –           16           9         405             –           –               –           430
      Exchange realignment                        (4,775)          –         (237)     (3,676)       (156)            –      (3,345)              –       (12,189)


      At December 31, 2025                      (249,361)   (202,161)     (14,946)   (220,807)    (10,150)          (98)   (703,545)              –    (1,401,068


      CARRYING VALUE
      At December 31, 2025                      400,289      25,171         7,202     101,273       2,911             –     762,573         40,028     1,339,447


      At December 31, 2024                      423,781      25,829         6,928     110,444       3,144             –     784,822         20,550     1,375,498




124      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




20. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Cont’d)
   Except for mineral assets and construction in progress, the above items of property, plant and equipment, taking
   into account the residual value, are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
   related assets as follows:

   Buildings                                    Over the shorter of the term of lease, or 24 years
   Crushers                                     10 to 14 years
   Furniture and office equipment               2 to 5 years
   Machinery and equipment                      2 to 10 years
   Motor vehicles                               5 to 10 years
   Leasehold improvements                       Over the shorter of the term of lease, or 5.5 years

   Mineral assets mainly represent drilling, stripping and related costs incurred on sites with an existing mine and
   on areas within the boundary of a known mineral deposit which contains proven and probable reserves and are
   capitalised when they are incurred to improve access to the future ores. Mineral assets are depreciated using the
   unit-of-production method based on the actual production volume over the estimated total proven and probable
   reserves of the mines.

   Mineral Assets
   (a)   CSH Gold Mine
         CSH Gold Mine, in which the Group holds a 96.5% equity interest, consists of a licensed area in the western
         part of Inner Mongolia, northern China. The site is centrally positioned within the east-west-trending Tian
         Shan Gold Belt. The carrying value of the CSH Gold Mine in relation to mineral assets is US$80,734,000 as
         at December 31, 2025 (2024: US$110,040,000).

   (b)   Jiama Mine
         The Jiama Mine, a large copper-gold polymetallic deposit consisting of skarn-type and hornfels-type mineralization
         located in Metrorkongka County in Tibet, in which the Group holds 100% equity interest through its wholly-
         owned subsidiary, Skyland. The Group acquired Skyland on December 1, 2010. The carrying value of the Jiama
         Mine in relation to mineral assets is US$681,839,000 as at December 31, 2025 (2024: US$674,782,000).




                                                                                              Annual Report 2025      125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




21. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                   Patents            Mining rights                     Total
                                                                                  US$’000                 US$’000                    US$’000
      COST
      At January 1, 2024                                                                   –              1,009,925                1,009,925
      Exchange realignment                                                                 –                 (1,018)                  (1,018)


      At December 31, 2024                                                                –               1,008,907                1,008,907
      Additions                                                                         150                       –                      150
      Exchange realignment                                                                2                   1,548                    1,550


      At December 31, 2025                                                              152               1,010,455                1,010,607


      ACCUMULATED AMORTISATION
      At January 1, 2024                                                                   –               (236,808)                (236,808)
      Provided for the year                                                                –                (19,906)                 (19,906)
      Exchange realignment                                                                 –                    221                      221


      At December 31, 2024                                                                 –               (256,493)                (256,493)
      Provided for the year                                                                –                (29,083)                 (29,083)
      Exchange realignment                                                                 –                   (384)                    (384)


      At December 31, 2025                                                                 –               (285,960)                (285,960)


      CARRYING VALUE
      At December 31, 2025                                                              152                 724,495                  724,647


      At December 31, 2024                                                                 –                752,414                  752,414

      Note:
      The amounts represent two mining rights in the Jiama Mine and CSH Gold Mine. Mining rights in the Jiama Mine are in relation to the
      copper and other by-products production, acquired through the acquisition of Skyland. The mining right of Jiama Mine was renewed in
      October 2023 and will expire in October 2043. The mining permit of CSH Gold Mine was renewed in May 2025 for a period of 20 years
      and will expire in May 2045.

      Amortisation on mining rights acquired is provided to write off the cost of the mining rights using the unit-of-production method based on
      the actual production volume over the estimated total proven and probable reserves of the mines.




126     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




22. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
   During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Group entered into a cooperation agreement (the “Cooperation
   Agreement”) with Zhongxinfang in relation to the development of a composite project in Lhasa, Tibet, China. Pursuant
   to the Cooperation Agreement, the Group agreed to transfer the land use right for the development and Zhongxinfang
   agreed to compensate the Group by transferring a block of the buildings and twenty car parks (the “New Premises”)
   within two years from the date of the Cooperation Agreement (the “Land Exchange”) and reimbursing all related tax
   exposures including but not limited to land appreciation tax, EIT and other surcharge related to the Land Exchange
   (the “Tax and Other Surcharge”). During the year ended December 31, 2019, the land use right was transferred
   to Zhongxinfang. Accordingly, the Group derecognised the right-of-use assets and recognised the right to receive
   the New Premises, which approximates the fair value of the New Premises at the date of transfer and the other
   receivables relating to the tax reimbursement from Zhongxinfang. The right to receive the New Premises was initially
   recognised at its fair value and subsequently carried at cost less impairment. Based on the Cooperation Agreement,
   Zhongxinfang is obligated to deliver the New Premises to the Group no later than May 31, 2021.

   As at December 31, 2025 and up to the date these consolidated financial statements are authorised for issue,
   the composite project is still suspended due to litigations against Zhongxinfang and the New Premises are still not
   delivered to Huatailong. Further details are disclosed in Note 31(i)(b).

   Based on Group’s assessment on the status of the New Premises and taking into account the valuation of the New
   Premises by using sales comparison method under market approach as its fair value less cost of disposal, impairment
   loss of RMB41,995,000 (equivalent to US$5,879,000) (2024: nil) has been made during the year ended December
   31, 2025 and the carrying amount of the other non-current assets are RMB69,929,000 (equivalent to US$9,949,000)
   as at December 31, 2025 (2024: RMB111,924,000 (equivalent to US$15,570,000)).

23. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED EXPENSES
   Accounts and other payables of the Group are principally comprised of amounts outstanding for trade purchases
   relating to minerals production activities and construction activities. The average credit period taken for trade
   purchases is between 120 to 150 days.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




23. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED EXPENSES (Cont’d)
      Accounts and other payables and accrued expenses comprise the following:

                                                                                                         December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                                2025                     2024
                                                                                                             US$’000                  US$’000


      Accounts payable                                                                                           36,021                    25,811
      Construction costs payable                                                                                 91,181                    84,218
      Mining loyalties payable (Note a)                                                                          50,577                    49,057
      Payable for litigation compensation (note 31)                                                                   –                    23,872
      Payable for acquisition of a mining right                                                                   1,201                     2,349
      Payroll and benefit payable                                                                                 2,085                       286
      Mining cost accrual                                                                                         1,544                     1,544
      Other accruals                                                                                              2,472                     2,231
      Other tax payables                                                                                         13,006                     9,719
      Other payables                                                                                              9,160                     8,867


      Total accounts and other payables and accrued expenses                                                   207,247                   207,954


      Current                                                                                                  181,828                   175,132
      Non-current (Note a)                                                                                      25,419                    32,822


                                                                                                               207,247                   207,954


      Note:
      a.      As stipulated in an agreement with local authorities and relevant government notices. Since 2017, the Group is required to pay
              royalties to the PRC government for the use of state-owned natural resources in relation to the Jiama Mine, calculated based on
              invoiced revenue and ore yield. The royalties payable for 2017 to May 2023 was allowed to be settled with six fixed annual instalments
              of RMB61.3 million each, totalling RMB368 million with first instalment payable from 2024 and final instalment due in 2029. The
              royalties from May 2023 onwards are payable annually.

              As at December 31, 2025, the mining royalties payable consist of (i) RMB235,936,000 (equivalent to US$33,567,000) (2024:
              RMB292,102,000 (equivalent to US$40,635,000)) being present value of remaining four (2024: five) annual instalments and (ii)
              RMB119,562,000 (equivalent to US$17,010,000) (2024: RMB60,542,000 (equivalent to US$8,422,000)) being royalties payable
              based on invoiced revenue and ore yield during the year.




128        China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




23. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED EXPENSES (Cont’d)
   The following is an aging analysis of the accounts payable presented based on the invoice date at the end of the
   reporting period:

                                                                                       December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                                           US$’000               US$’000


   Less than 30 days                                                                          20,779                 11,094
   31 to 90 days                                                                               4,561                  5,330
   91 to 180 days                                                                              1,593                  3,298
   Over 180 days                                                                               9,088                  6,089


   Total accounts payable                                                                     36,021                 25,811


24. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                       December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                                           US$’000               US$’000


   Sales of copper concentrate                                                                10,063                  8,099


   At January 1, 2024, contract liabilities amounted to US$71,000.

   The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised relates to carried-forward contract liabilities.

                                                                                             Copper concentrate
                                                                                       December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                                           US$’000               US$’000


   Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liability balance
     at the beginning of the year                                                               8,099                     71


   Typical payment terms which have an impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognised are as follows:

   When the Group receives a deposit before the goods are delivered, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start
   of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit. The Group
   typically receives 100% deposit on acceptance of sales orders for copper concentrate including other by-products.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025      129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




25. BORROWINGS
                                                                                 December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                     US$’000             US$’000


      Bank loans                                                                      422,467              633,666
      Loans payable to a CNG’s subsidiary (note 30)                                    82,518               80,686


                                                                                      504,985              714,352


      The borrowings are repayable as follows:

                                                                                 December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                     US$’000             US$’000


      Carrying amount repayable within one year                                       217,004              148,696
      Carrying amount repayable within one to two years                               107,415              254,855
      Carrying amount repayable within two to five years                              111,756              212,914
      Carrying amount repayable over five years                                        68,810               97,887


                                                                                       504,985             714,352
      Less: Amounts due within one year (shown under current liabilities)             (217,004)           (148,696)


      Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                     287,981              565,656


      Included in the carrying amounts of borrowings as above, except for loans payables to a CNG’s subsidiary, all
      remaining borrowings are bank loans.

      The loans payables to a CNG’s subsidiary amounted to US$56,909,000 (2024: Nil) are repayable within one year,
      US$25,609,000 (2024: US$55,646,000) are repayable within one to two years and Nil (2024: US$25,040,000) are
      repayable within two to five years as at December 31, 2025.




130    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




25. BORROWINGS (Cont’d)
   Analysed as:

                                                                 December 31,      December 31,
                                                   Notes                2025              2024
                                                                     US$’000           US$’000


   Secured syndicated loan                          (1)              197,119            245,605
   Unsecured syndicated loan (Note a)               (2)              117,182            118,754
   Unsecured syndicated loan                        (3)                7,114                  –
   Unsecured bank loan                              (4)                    –             39,647
   Unsecured bank loans                             (5)                    –             88,059
   Unsecured bank loan                              (6)               12,804             13,216
   Unsecured bank loan                              (7)                    –             38,952
   Unsecured bank loan                              (8)                9,248             10,433
   Unsecured bank loan                              (9)               15,000             15,000
   Unsecured bank loan                             (10)               20,000             20,000
   Unsecured bank loan                             (11)               44,000             44,000
   Unsecured loans payable to a CNG’s subsidiary   (12)               56,909             55,646
   Unsecured loans payable to a CNG’s subsidiary   (13)               25,609             25,040


                                                                     504,985            714,352




                                                                       Annual Report 2025   131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




25. BORROWINGS (Cont’d)
      Notes:

      (1)
               Repayable by instalment and will reach full maturity in November 2028. The loan carries a floating interest rate, currently set at
               1.50% (2024: 1.95%) per annum, based on the People’s Bank of China National Interbank Funding Center Loan Prime Rate (“LPR”)
               benchmark.

               The carrying values of the pledged assets to secure above borrowing by the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                             December 31,              December 31,
                                                                                                                      2025                      2024
                                                                                                                   US$’000                   US$’000


               Mining rights                                                                                       723,579                   750,627



      (2)
               Repayable by instalment and will reach full maturity in April 2033. The loan carries a floating interest rate, currently set at 1.95%
               (2024: 1.95%) per annum, based on the LPR benchmark.

      (3)
               Repayable by instalment and will reach full maturity in June 2030. The loan carries a floating interest rate, currently set at 1.50%
               per annum, based on the LPR benchmark.

      (4)
               Repayable by instalment and will reach full maturity in May 2026. The loan carries a floating interest rate, currently set at 1.85%
               (2024: 1.85%) per annum, based on the LPR benchmark. The Group early repaid the loan prior to maturity during the year.

      (5)
               Repayable by instalment and will reach full maturity in June 2026. These loans carry a floating interest rate, currently set at a range
               from 1.85% to 1.95% (2024: from 1.35% to 1.60%) per annum, based on the LPR benchmark. The Group early repaid the loan
               prior to maturity during the year.

      (6)
               Repayable by instalment and will reach full maturity in November 2026. The loan carries a floating interest rate, currently set at
               1.85% (2024: 1.35%) per annum, based on the LPR benchmark.

      (7)
               Repayable by instalment and will reach full maturity in January 2027. The loan carries a floating interest rate, currently set at 1.85%
               (2024: 1.60%) per annum, based on the LPR benchmark. The Group early repaid the loan prior to maturity during the year.

      (8)
               Repayable by instalment and will reach full maturity in May 2027. The loan carries a floating interest rate, currently set at 1.85%
               (2024: 1.60%) per annum, based on the LPR benchmark.

      (9)
               Repayable in full in May 2026. The loan carried a floating interest rate, currently set at 4.24% per annum (2024: 5.35%), based on
               the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) benchmark during the year December 31, 2025.

      (10)
               Repayable in full in May 2026. The loan carried a floating interest rate, currently set at 4.36% per annum (2024: 5.33%), based on
               the SOFR benchmark during the year December 31, 2025.

      (11)
               Repayable in full in May 2026. The loan carried a floating interest rate, currently set at 4.36% per annum (2024: 5.35%), based on
               the SOFR benchmark during the year December 31, 2025.

      (12)
               Repayable in full in May 2026, carried fixed interest rate at 2.05% (2024: 2.05%) per annum.

      (13)
               Repayable in full in August 2027, carried fixed interest rate at 2.45% (2024: 2.05%) per annum.




132         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




25. BORROWINGS (Cont’d)
   In respect of bank loans with carrying amount of US$ 343,467,000 as at December 31, 2025 (2024: US$298,742,000),
   the Group is required to comply with certain significant financial covenants throughout the continuance of the relevant
   bank loans and/or as long as the bank loans are outstanding. These covenants include, but are not limited to, the
   following: the ratio of liabilities to assets of the borrower must not be more than certain percentage and the ratio of
   current asset to current liabilities of the borrower must be more than 0.5, among others.

   Fixed rate loans amounting to approximately US$82,518,000 (2024: US$80,686,000), carry weighted average effective
   interest rate of 2.17% (2024: 2.14%) per annum.

26. ENTRUSTED LOAN PAYABLE
   On December 25, 2023, the Group entered into a three-year entrusted loan agreement with CNG (note 30) and China
   Gold Finance, in which CNG provided a loan of RMB200 million (equivalent to approximately US$28,454,000 as
   at December 31, 2025 (2024: US$27,823,000)) to the Group through China Gold Finance as the entrusted bank.
   The entrusted loan is unsecured and carries interest at a fixed rate of 2.45% per annum. The principal amount is
   to be repaid on December 26, 2026.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2025      133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




27. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                      Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                    December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                        US$’000              US$’000


      Lease liabilities payable:
        Within one year                                                                     1,417                    469
        Within a period of more than one year but not more than two years                     885                    459
        Within a period of more than two years but not more than five years                 2,280                      –
        Within a period of more than five years                                             9,463                      –


                                                                                           14,045                    928
      Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under
            current liabilities                                                            (1,417)                   (469)


      Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
       non-current liabilities                                                             12,628                    459


      The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities range is 6.39% (2024: 4.67%).

28. ENVIRONMENTAL REHABILITATION
      The environmental rehabilitation relates to reclamation and closure costs relating to the Group’s mine operations
      at the CSH Gold Mine and Jiama Mine. The environmental rehabilitation is calculated as the net present value of
      estimated future net cash flows of the reclamation and closure costs of US$112,169,000 (2024: US$104,729,000),
      discounted at 2.4% (2024: 5.7%) per annum at December 31, 2025.

      The following is an analysis of the environmental rehabilitation:

                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                          US$’000             US$’000


      At January 1                                                                         69,948                  75,924
      Additions to site reclamation (note 18)                                                  20                       –
      Adjustments and additions to site reclamation resulted from changes in
        disturbance areas and discount rates (note 20)                                     20,249                      (9)
      Accretion incurred in the current year                                                2,747                   2,811
      Payment during the year                                                                (692)                 (7,841)
      Exchange realignment                                                                  1,506                    (937)


      At December 31                                                                       93,778                  69,948




134     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




29. SHARE CAPITAL
   Common shares
   (i)    Authorised – Unlimited common shares without par value

   (ii)   Issued and outstanding

                                                                                      Number of shares                  Amount
                                                                                                                       US$’000
          Issued & fully paid:
            At January 1, 2024, December 31, 2024 and 2025                                 396,413,753               1,229,061


30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control the other party or exercise significant influence in making
   financial and operation decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control.
   CNG, a state owned company registered in Beijing, PRC, which is controlled by State-owned Assets Supervision and
   Administration Commission of the State Council of the PRC, is able to exercise significant influence over the Company.

   The management believes that information relating to related party transactions have been adequately disclosed in
   accordance with the requirements of IAS 24 Related party Disclosures.

   In addition to the related party transactions and balances shown elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements,
   the following is a summary of significant related party transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business
   between the Group and its related parties for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 and related party
   balances as at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

   Name and relationship with related parties during the years are as follows:

   CNG owned the following percentages of outstanding common shares of the Company:

                                                                                          December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                 2025                   2024



   CNG                                                                                             40.01                  40.01




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025       135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
      (a)   Transactions/balances with CNG and its subsidiaries
            The Group had the following transactions with CNG and CNG’s subsidiaries:

                                                                                                    December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                           2025                    2024
                                                                                                        US$’000                 US$’000

            Gold doré bars sales by the Group (Note a)                                                    338,473                  246,946


            Copper and other by-product sales by the Group (Note b)                                       964,772                  505,068


            Other income                                                                                          –                     710


            Provision of transportation services by the Group (Note b)                                       2,304                    1,161


            Construction, stripping and mining services provided to
              the Group (Note b)                                                                          139,139                   91,281


            Accrued expenses for short-term property
              management fee (Note b)                                                                          455                      456


            Commitment fee                                                                                     597                      622


            Interest income                                                                                  4,728                    2,492


            Interest expense on borrowings and entrusted loan payable                                        2,485                    2,498


            Interest expense on lease liabilities (Note b)                                                       41                      61


            Loans (note 25) provided to the Group during the year                                                 –                 25,275


            Notes:

            a.       On May 7, 2014, the Company’s subsidiary, IMP entered into an exclusive contract for the sale of doré with CNG pursuant
                     to which IMP sells gold doré bars to CNG for the period up to December 31, 2017. On May 26, 2017, IMP and CNG entered
                     into the Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Dore for an extended term commencing on January 1, 2018 and
                     expiring on December 31, 2020. On May 6, 2020, the IMP and CNG entered into the third Supplemental Contract for Purchase
                     and Sale of Dore for an extended term commencing on January 1, 2021 and expiring on December 31, 2023. On May 11,
                     2023, the IMP and CNG entered into the fourth Supplemental Contract for Purchase and Sale of Dore for an extended term
                     commencing on January 1, 2024 and expiring on December 31, 2026.

                     The extent of the continuing connected transactions for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 did not exceed the
                     limit as set out in the announcements of the Company on May 11, 2023.




136    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
   (a)   Transactions/balances with CNG and its subsidiaries (Cont’d)
         b.   On April 26, 2013, the Company entered into a product and service framework agreement with CNG for the provision of mining
              related services and products to the Company for three years until June 18, 2016. The agreement was amended to extend
              the term of the agreement to December 31, 2017 and to include copper concentrates sales contract and office lease contract
              with CNG since May 29, 2015. On May 26, 2017, the Company and CNG entered into the second supplemental product and
              service framework agreement to extend the term to December 31, 2020 and to extend the scope of the supplemental product
              and service framework agreement to include leasing services to be provided by Zhongxin International Financial Leasing
              (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd., the shares of which are 80% owned by CNG. On May 6, 2020, the Company and CNG entered into the
              third supplemental product and service framework agreement to extend the term to December 31, 2023. On May 11, 2023,
              the Company and IMP entered into the fourth supplemental product and service framework agreement for an extended term
              commencing on January 1, 2024 and expiring on December 31, 2026.

              The extent of the continuing connected transactions for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 did not exceed the
              limit as set out in the announcements of the Company on May 11, 2023.

         c.   On December 18, 2017, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a deposit services agreement (“Deposit Services
              Agreement”) pursuant to which the Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, make withdrawals and deposits with
              China Gold Finance commencing from January 1, 2018 for one year.

              On December 18, 2018, the Deposit Services Agreement has been extended for a one year term to December 31, 2019
              pursuant to the supplemental deposit services agreement.

              On December 31, 2019, the Deposit Services Agreement have been extended for a one year term to December 31, 2020
              pursuant to the supplemental deposit services agreement, all other terms and conditions remain the same.

              On December 22, 2020, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a second Deposit Services Agreement to extend
              for one year term to December 31, 2021 with all other terms and conditions remaining the same. The second Deposit Services
              Agreement was expired with the effective of the third Deposit Services Agreement on June 30, 2021 as described below.

              On May 5, 2021, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into a third Deposit Services Agreement pursuant to which
              the Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, make withdrawals and deposits with China Gold Finance up to a
              daily maximum deposit balance (including interest) not exceeding RMB3,000 million (approximately equivalent to US$465
              million) and extend for three years term to December 31, 2023 with all other terms and conditions remaining the same and
              the third Deposit Services Agreement was effective on June 30, 2021.

              On May 8, 2024, the Company and China Gold Finance entered into the 2024 Financial Services Agreement pursuant to which
              the Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, make withdrawals and deposits with China Gold Finance up to a
              daily maximum deposit balance (including interest) not exceeding (i) RMB2,600 million (approximately equivalent to US$365
              million) for the year ended December 31, 2024; (ii) RMB3,000 million (approximately equivalent to US$421 million) for the
              year ended December 31, 2025; (iii) RMB3,400 million (approximately equivalent to US$477 million) for the year ending
              December 31, 2026.

              The extend of the connected transaction for deposit services during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 do not
              exceed the limit as set out in the announcement of the Company on May 8, 2024.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025          137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
      (a)   Transactions/balances with CNG and its subsidiaries (Cont’d)
            The Group has the following significant balances with CNG and its subsidiaries at the end of each reporting period:

                                                                                          December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                 2025                  2024
                                                                                              US$’000               US$’000


            Assets
            Amounts due from related companies (note 15)                                         2,762                  1,583
            Cash and cash equivalents held in a CNG’s subsidiary (Note c)                      179,182                150,315
            Term deposits held in a CNG’s subsidiary (Note c)                                  206,294                118,246
            Restricted balance held in a CNG’s subsidiary (Note c)                                   –                 66,698


            Total amounts due from CNG and its subsidiaries                                    388,238                336,842


            Other than the cash and cash equivalents, term deposits and restricted balance held in a CNG’s subsidiary, the
            remaining amounts due from CNG and its subsidiaries as at December 31, 2025 and 2024, which are included
            in trade and other receivables are non-interest bearing, unsecured and repayable on demand.

                                                                                          December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                 2025                  2024
                                                                                              US$’000               US$’000


            Liabilities
            Entrusted loan payable (note 26)                                                     28,454                27,823
            Loans payable to a CNG’s subsidiary (note 25)                                        82,518                80,686
            Construction costs payable to CNG’s subsidiaries                                     12,207                19,515
            Trade payable to CNG’s subsidiaries                                                   2,246                   952
            Amount due to CNG                                                                     1,786                 4,080
            Contract liabilities with a CNG’s subsidiary                                         10,025                 8,085
            Lease liabilities to a CNG’s subsidiary                                                 469                   897


            Total amounts due to CNG and its subsidiaries                                      137,705                142,038


            Trade payable, construction costs payable and contract liabilities to CNG’s subsidiaries are in trade nature,
            non-interest bearing and unsecured.

            Amount due to CNG included in other payables is non-trade in nature, non-interest bearing, unsecured and
            has no fixed term of repayment.

            Entrusted loan payable, loans payable and lease liabilities to CNG and its subsidiaries are non-trade in nature,
            interest-bearing, unsecured and have fixed term of repayment as detailed in respective notes.




138    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)
   (b) Compensation of key management personnel
         Other than the directors’ emoluments disclosed in note 11(a), the Group has the following compensation to
         other key management personnel during the years:

                                                                                       Year ended        Year ended
                                                                                     December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                                         US$’000           US$’000


         Salaries and other benefits                                                         364                  237
         Post-employment benefits                                                             22                   18


                                                                                             386                  255


31. CONTINGENCIES
   (i)   Litigation with Huaxin and Zhongxinfang
         During the year ended December 31, 2020, there was a construction contract dispute between independent
         third parties including the constructor, Huaxin Construction Group Co., Ltd. (formerly named as “Nantong
         Huaxin Construction Group Co., Ltd.”) (“Huaxin”), Zhongxinfang, and the Group’s subsidiary, Huatailong
         (the “Construction Contract”). The land use right of a composite project under the Construction Contract was
         transferred from Huatailong to Zhongxinfang in 2019 pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement in relation to the
         Land Exchange (as defined in note 22).

         (a)   Litigations with Huaxin and Zhongxinfang for the construction costs
               Since 2020, there were legal proceedings on the Construction Contract between Huaxin, Zhongxinfang
               and Huatailong of which details were disclosed in the Group’s annual financial statements for the year
               ended 31 December 2024.

               Pursuant to the final instance adjudication dated June 5, 2023 (the “June 2023 Huaxin Final Instance
               Adjudication”), it is affirmed that Zhongxinfang and Huatailong shall have the joint obligation for the
               construction costs.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2025    139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




31. CONTINGENCIES (Cont’d)
      (i)   Litigation with Huaxin and Zhongxinfang (Cont’d)
            (a)   Litigations with Huaxin and Zhongxinfang for the construction costs (Cont’d)
                  During the year, Huatailong has paid to the Lhasa Intermediate Court the full compensation amount of
                  RMB178 million (equivalent to US$24,869,000) for the settlement of accumulated litigation compensation
                  and additional interest recognised during the period, of which RMB35 million (equivalent to US$4,870,000)
                  was paid to Huaxin as partial settlement and the remaining RMB143 million has been frozen by the Lhasa
                  Intermediate Court pending for the resolution of a separate countersuit by Huatailong against Zhongxinfang
                  as further detail in note 31(i)(b) below.

                  Consequently, the Lhasa Intermediate Court has lifted and discharged the enforcement measures on
                  certain bank balances, non-current assets, leasehold lands, equity instruments, building and 51% equity
                  interest in Jiama Industry and Trade, a subsidiary of the Company.

                  On September 16, 2025, subsequent to the full settlement payment mentioned above, Huatailong received
                  a civil ruling from the People’s Court of Duilongdeqing District, Lhasa, which ordered the freezing of
                  certain bank accounts of Huatailong with a total value of approximately RMB59.6 million (equivalent to
                  approximately US$8,320,000). This freezing is a pre-litigation asset preservation measure initiated by
                  Huaxin in connection with in connection with a potential lawsuit to be filed by Huaxin on claiming the
                  remaining unpaid contract balance of the Construction Contract of approximately RMB52.0 million and
                  accrued interest, which Huaxin is now pursuing against Huatailong after being unable to recover it from
                  the insolvent co-obligor, Zhongxinfang. The freezing period is one year, from August 29, 2025 to August
                  28, 2026.

                  As of the end of the reporting period, the actual aggregated amounts frozen were approximately RMB34.0
                  million (equivalent to US$4,832,000). The freezing has not materially impacted Huatailong’s normal
                  operations due to sufficient liquidity in other accounts. No outstanding litigation compensation payable
                  exists in relation to litigation with Huaxin as of December 31, 2025.




140     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




31. CONTINGENCIES (Cont’d)
   (i)   Litigation with Huaxin and Zhongxinfang (Cont’d)
         (b)   Litigations with Zhongxinfang for the delivery of New Premises and recovery of Tax and Other Surcharge
               related to the land exchange whereby the Group agreed to transfer the land use right for the development
               of a composite project and Zhongxinfang agreed to compensate the Group by the New Premises
               During the year ended December 31, 2020, Huatailong filed a lawsuit against Zhongxinfang for the recovery
               of the construction costs of RMB149 million (equivalents to US$21,319,000) that shall be jointly borne by
               Huatailong. After the first instance adjudication and appeals by Zhongxinfang, on June 20, 2023, Tibet
               High Court adjudicated that the September 2020 Adjudication sustained (the “June 2023 Zhongxinfang
               Final Instance Adjudication”) and Zhongxinfang should pay relevant compensation to Huatailong within
               15 days from the effective date of the June 2023 Zhongxinfang Final Instance Adjudication. On 15
               September 2023, Huatailong applied for an enforcement of the June 2023 Zhongxinfang Final Instance
               Adjudication (the “September 2023 Enforcement”) and as at December 31, 2025 and up to the date
               of these consolidated financial statements are authorised for issue, Zhongxinfang has not yet paid the
               compensation to Huatailong and the September 2023 Enforcement is not executed mainly because
               Zhongxinfang is involved in several litigations and there are no executable properties.

         (c)   Litigations with Zhongxinfang for the delivery of New Premises and recovery of Tax and Other Surcharge
               During 2020 and 2021, Huatailong proceeded lawsuits against Zhongxinfang concerning (i) the delivery of
               certain premises (the “New Premises”) and a penalty, and (ii) the recovery of Tax and Other Surcharges
               paid by Huatailong amounting to RMB46 million (equivalent to USD6.4 million), respectively. Pre-litigation
               asset preservation measures are in place with (i) the New Premises comprising a block of buildings
               and twenty car parks from Zhongxinfang were frozen and (ii) the value of certain properties limited to
               RMB46 million (equivalent to US$6,609,000) from Zhongxinfang was frozen (collectively the “Pre-litigation
               Preservations”). As at December 31, 2025, the Pre-litigation Preservations were extended to May 2027.

               Based on the adjudication issued in relation to the lawsuit against Zhongxinfang, Zhongxinfang shall repay
               the Tax and Other Surcharge to Huatailong. As Zhongxinfang has not settled such amount within the due
               date, Huatailong applied for an enforcement of the November 2020 Adjudication in January 2021 (the
               “2021 Enforcement”). However, on June 24, 2021, the Tibet Intermediate Court adjudicated the 2021
               Enforcement be suspended as all of the assets owned by Zhongxinfang have been sealed up or frozen
               and there are no executable properties from Zhongxinfang.

               As at December 31, 2025 and up to the date these consolidated financial statements are authorised for
               issue, the New Premises are still not delivered to Huatailong. In the opinion of directors, (i) the 2021
               Enforcement is currently suspended and the Group’s first priority of claim over one of the assets under
               Pre-litigation Preservations has been extended to May 2027, (ii) the enforcement of the adjudication that
               Zhongxinfang should pay penalty of RMB9 million to Huatailong that was applied by Huatailong in March
               2023 is currently under proceeding and the result is not ascertained as at the date these consolidated
               financial statements are authorised for issue. Further background on these matters is disclosed in the
               Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2025     141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




31. CONTINGENCIES (Cont’d)
      (ii) Litigation with an independent supplier of Huatailong
          In May 2023, a supplier of Huatailong (the “Supplier”) proceeded a lawsuit against Huatailong for the loss
          of work stoppage and slowdown resulting from the suspension of Jiama Mine’s south pit (the “Supplier Work
          Stoppage Loss”) which are required to be remediated by local government from June 19, 2021, for a claim
          of RMB479 million (equivalent to US$66,698,000), and applied for pre-litigation preservation of assets from
          Huatailong for one year.

          On May 24, 2023, the Tibet Intermediate Court adjudicated balance with same amount as aforementioned
          placed in China Gold Finance by the Group to be frozen for one year, which was further extended up to 2026.

          As disclosed in the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024, and condensed
          consolidated financial statements for the 9 months ended September 30, 2025, there were several appeals
          and retrial since the litigation of the legal proceedings in May 2023. The case was appealed to the Tibet High
          Court on June 10, 2025.

          On September 29, 2025, the Tibet High Court has issued a final judgment that Huatailong shall pay the
          Supplier Work Stoppage Loss of RMB108 million (equivalent to US$15,058,000) to that independent supplier.
          The Group paid the judgment amount in full during the year ended December 31, 2025, and this litigation
          is now concluded. Following the conclusion of the litigation in 2025, the relevant assets were released from
          preservation on December 4, 2025.

      (iii) Litigation with Zhejiang Huaye Mining Construction Group Co., Ltd. (“Huaye”)
          During the year, Huaye, a mine construction contractor of the Group, filed a lawsuit against Huatailong, and
          another party which is a fellow subsidiary of the Company. The aggregate claims over Huatailong are approximately
          RMB127 million (equivalent to US$17.9 million), primarily for payments related to acquisitions of assets and
          payments for construction works on one of the Group’s mine in Tibet.

          As of December 31, 2025, the lawsuit is still in progress. With reference to legal opinion obtained, the Directors
          are of the view that outflow of economic benefitsis not probable as at the reporting date. Therefore, no provision
          has been recognised in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.




142    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




32. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
   The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
   in order to operate its mines, pursue the development of its mineral properties and to maintain a flexible capital
   structure which optimizes the costs of capital at an acceptable risk. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged
   from prior years.

   The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the borrowings, entrusted loan payable and
   lease liabilities disclosed in notes 25, 26 and 27 respectively, net of cash and cash equivalents, restricted balances
   and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital, retained profits and other reserves.
   The Group manages the capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of operating results, changes in
   economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure,
   the Group may attempt to issue new shares, issue new debt, repayment of existing debt.

   In order to facilitate the management of its capital requirements, the Group prepares annual expenditure budgets that
   are updated as necessary depending on various factors, including operating results, successful capital deployment and
   general industry conditions. The annual and updated budgets are approved by the board of directors of the Company.

   In order to maximize ongoing development efforts, the Group is committed to providing sustainable returns to
   shareholders. The Group’s policy is to invest its short-term excess cash in fixed bank deposits with maturities of 1
   year or less from the original date of acquisition, selected with regards to the expected timing of expenditures from
   its operations.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2025      143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                                       December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                              2025            2024
                                                                                                           US$’000         US$’000


      Financial assets
      Financial assets at amortised cost                                                                     747,694       376,116
      Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                                           133,875        48,411


      Financial liabilities
      At amortised cost                                                                                      721,579       936,349
      Lease liabilities                                                                                       14,045           928


      Financial assets at amortised cost as at December 31, 2025 and 2024 respectively are as follows:

                                                                                                       December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                              2025            2024
                                                                                                           US$’000         US$’000


      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                              399,402       183,779
      Term deposits                                                                                          305,884       118,246
      Restricted balances                                                                                     34,162        66,698
      Trade and other receivables(1)                                                                           8,246         7,393


                                                                                                             747,694       376,116


      Financial liabilities at amortised cost as at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                       December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                              2025            2024
                                                                                                           US$’000         US$’000


      Accounts and other payables(2)                                                                         188,140       194,174
      Borrowings
        – Loans, other than syndicated loans                                                                 183,570       349,993
        – Syndicated loans                                                                                   321,415       364,359
      Entrusted loan payable                                                                                  28,454        27,823


                                                                                                             721,579       936,349

      (1)
               Excluded VAT recoverable.
      (2)
               Excluded mining cost accrual, other accruals, payroll and benefit payable and other tax payables.




144         China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
   The Group’s financial instruments are exposed to certain financial risks including market risk (e.g. currency risk,
   interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

   (a)   Currency risk
         The Group is exposed to the financial risk related to the fluctuation of foreign exchange rates for the monetary
         assets and liabilities denominated in the currencies other than the functional currencies to which they related.
         The Group has not hedged its exposure to currency fluctuations. However, the Management monitors foreign
         exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.

         At the end of each reporting period, Huatailong and Skyland Mining Limited (note 37), of which its functional
         currency is RMB, had US$ denominated intra-group borrowings from Skyland (BVI) and the Company. The
         intra-group borrowing is approximately US$21,629,000 (2024: US$20,898,000) as at December 31, 2025.

         The Group is mainly exposed to exchange rate fluctuation of RMB and US$.

         RMB monetary assets and (liabilities)
                                                                                     December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                         US$’000              US$’000

         Cash and cash equivalents                                                         40,654                52,146
         Term deposits                                                                    305,884               118,246
         Trade receivables                                                                  3,178                 1,427
         Accounts and other payables                                                      (11,121)              (11,729)


                                                                                          338,595               160,090


         Based on the above net exposures, and assuming that all other variables remain constant, a 5% (2024: 5%)
         depreciation/appreciation of the RMB against the US$ would result in an decrease/increase in the Group’s profit
         for the year of approximately US$14,390,000 (2024: US$6,804,000) for the year ended December 31, 2025.

         US$ monetary assets and (liabilities)
                                                                                     December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                         US$’000              US$’000

         Cash and cash equivalents                                                               –                    3
         Inter-company loans                                                               (21,629)             (20,898)


                                                                                           (21,629)             (20,895)


         Based on the above net exposures, and assuming that all other variables remain constant, a 5% (2024: 5%)
         depreciation/appreciation of the US$ against the RMB would result in an increase/decrease in the Group’s
         profit for the year of approximately US$984,000 (2024: US$951,000) for the year ended December 31, 2025.

         In the Management’s opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange risk
         as the year end exposure does not reflect the exposure during the year.



                                                                                             Annual Report 2025     145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
      (b) Interest rate risk
          Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value in relation to term deposits, borrowings, entrusted loan payables
          and lease liabilities bearing fixed interest rate or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because
          of changes in market interest rates.

                                                                                          December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                                              US$’000                US$’000


          Term deposits                                                                         305,884                118,246
          Borrowings with fixed interest rates                                                  (82,518)               (80,686)
          Entrusted loan payables                                                               (28,454)               (27,823)
          Lease liabilities                                                                     (14,045)                  (928)


          Net carrying amounts                                                                  180,867                   8,809


          The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk on the variable rate bank balances and restricted balances
          and variable-rate bank borrowings (see note 25 for details of these borrowings).

          Sensitivity analysis
          The following analysis is prepared assuming the variable rate bank balances and restricted balances and variable-
          rate bank borrowings outstanding at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year and
          all other variables were held constant. A 25 basis point (2024: 25 basis points) increase or decrease is used
          when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management personnel and represents the Management’s
          assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

                                                                                          December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                                              US$’000                US$’000


          Cash and cash equivalents                                                             399,402                183,779
          Restricted bank balances                                                               34,162                 66,698
          Borrowings with variable interest rates                                              (422,467)              (633,666)


          Net carrying amounts                                                                    11,097              (383,189)




146    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
   (b) Interest rate risk (Cont’d)
         Sensitivity analysis (Cont’d)
         The analysis below reflects the sensitivity that the interest rate may be higher/lower by 25 basis points (2024:
         25 basis points).

                                                                                       Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                     December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                             2025                 2024
                                                                                         US$’000              US$’000


         25 basis points (2024: 25 basis points) higher
         – Increase/(decrease) in profit for the year                                           11                  (692)
         – Addition in finance costs capitalised                                                73                    36


         25 basis points (2024: 25 basis points) lower
         – (Decrease)/increase in profit for the year                                          (11)                  692
         – Reduction in finance costs capitalised                                              (73)                  (36)


         The Group monitors interest rate exposure and will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should
         the need arise.

   (c)   Other price risk
         The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in equity securities listed in Hong Kong.
         The Group’s equity price risk is mainly concentrated on equity instruments operating in the mining industry
         sector quoted on the Stock Exchange. In addition, the Group also invested in unquoted equity securities for
         investees operating in the chemical and public utility industries for long term strategic purposes which had
         been designated as FVTOCI. The Group has formed a team led by the Chief Financial Officer to monitor the
         price risk and will consider hedging the risk exposure should the need arise.

         Sensitivity analysis
         The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risk at the
         reporting date. No sensitivity analysis is presented for unlisted investments as the directors of the Company
         consider the amounts of unlisted investments to be insignificant. If the prices of the respective listed equity
         instruments had been 10% (2024: 10%) higher/lower, investments revaluation reserve would increase/decrease
         by US$13,368,000 (2024: US$4,760,000) for the Group as a result of the changes in fair value of listed
         investment at FVTOCI.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2025     147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
      (d) Credit risk and impairment assessment
          Credit risk is the risk of an unexpected loss if a customer or third party to a financial asset fails to meet its
          contractual obligations. The Group sold approximately 100% (2024: 100%) of its gold to one creditworthy
          customer, CNG, and approximately 100% (2024: 99%) of its copper and other by-product to CNG subsidiaries
          for the year ended December 31, 2025. The failure of these customers to make required payments could have
          a negative impact on the Group’s results. The Group manages this risk by demanding upfront payment for
          sales of copper and other by-products and has set up monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is
          taken for timely settlement of receivables from CNG, the CNG subsidiary and third-party customers. The Group
          reviews the recoverable amount of each individual trade debt at the end of the reporting period to ensure the
          adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In addition, the Group performs impairment
          assessments using the ECL model on trade balances individually. In this regard, Management considers the
          Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

          The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL on trade receivables as permitted and prescribed
          by IFRS 9.

          The Management assessed the ECL on trade receivables individually. Based on the historical experience of
          the Group, these trade receivables are generally recoverable due to the long term/on-going relationship and
          good repayment record.

          As at December 31, 2025, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate carrying
          amount of US$809,000 (2024: US$1,068,000) which are past due over 90 days as at the reporting date. The
          directors of the Company are of the opinion that no default has occurred for the past due balances and the
          balances are still considered fully recoverable due to long-term/on-going relationships and good repayment
          records from these customers.

          Movement in the allowance for credit losses of trade receivables:

                                                                                      December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                                          US$’000               US$’000


          At January 1                                                                          180                   105
          Recognised of expected credit losses                                                  164                    78
          Exchange realignment                                                                    –                    (3)


          At December 31                                                                        344                   180




148    China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
   (d) Credit risk and impairment assessment (Cont’d)
         The Group was also exposed to credit risk on amount due from related parties and other receivables. The
         Management periodically monitors the financial position of each of the related companies to ensure each
         related company is financially viable to settle the amount due to the Group. The Management makes individual
         assessment on the recoverability of other receivables based on historical settlement records and past experience.
         The directors of the Company believe that there is no material credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding
         balance of other receivables except the receivable of the Tax and Other Surcharge, of which the impairment
         assessment has been disclosed in note 15.

         The Group’s bank deposits and restricted balances are held in PRC and Canadian financial institutions with
         high credit ratings, where the credit risks on these bank deposits are limited.

         The Group had concentration of credit risk by geographical locations as the financial assets at amortised cost
         comprise various debtors which are located in the PRC for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

         Other than the concentration of balance with CNG and its subsidiaries, the Group does not have any other
         significant concentration of credit risk.

   (e)   Liquidity risk
         The Group operates in a capital intensive industry. The Group’s liquidity requirements arise principally from
         the need for financing the expansion of its mining and processing operations.

         Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The
         Group manages liquidity risk through the management of its capital structure and financial leverage as outlined
         in note 32.

         The Group manages its liquidity primarily through maintaining an adequate level of cash and cash equivalents
         and borrowings.

         In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
         deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in
         cash flows. The Management monitors the utilisation of borrowings and ensures compliance with loan covenants.

         The Group relies on borrowings as a significant source of liquidity, details of which are set out in note 25.

         The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturities for its financial liabilities. The table is
         based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group
         can be required to satisfy the liabilities.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025      149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
      (e)   Liquidity risk (Cont’d)
            To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate at the
            end of the reporting period:

                                             Weighted                                                       Total
                                               average      Within     1–2        2–5         Over 5 undiscounted     Carrying
                                          interest rate     1 year     years      years        years    cash flow      amount
                                                     %    US$’000    US$’000    US$’000      US$’000     US$’000      US$’000


            At December 31, 2025
            Accounts and other payables                   163,296      8,723     17,446            –     189,465      188,140
            Entrusted loan payable                2.45     29,148          –          –            –      29,148       28,454
            Borrowings                            2.51    223,763    112,941    118,801       70,426     525,931      504,985
            Lease liabilities                     6.39      1,434        945      2,746       31,045      36,170       14,045


                                                          417,641    122,609    138,993      101,471     780,714     735,624


                                            Weighted                                                        Total
                                               average      Within     1–2        2–5        Over 5 undiscounted     Carrying
                                          interest rate     1 year     years      years       years    cash flow      amount
                                                     %    US$’000    US$’000    US$’000     US$’000     US$’000      US$’000


            At December 31, 2024
            Accounts and other payables                   162,069      8,529     25,588            –     196,186      194,174
            Entrusted loan payable                2.45        691     28,522          –            –      29,213       27,823
            Borrowings                            2.49    162,589    266,478    223,395      101,203     753,665      714,352
            Lease liabilities                     4.67        510        479          –            –         989          928


                                                          325,859    304,008    248,983      101,203     980,053     937,277


      (f)   Fair value
            The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of the
            reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS
            13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with
            reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

            Level 1:     Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for
                         identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

            Level 2:     Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not
                         using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are
                         not available

            Level 3:     Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs


150     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)
   (f)   Fair value (Cont’d)
         Equity instruments at FVTOCI – listed equity securities and unlisted equity securities are measured at fair value
         based on the quoted bid price in an active market (Level 1) and the discounted cash flow models (Level 3)
         respectively. The fair values of the unlisted equity securities are considered insignificant. The fair values of
         other financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost are determined in accordance with
         generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis.

         Other non-current assets – recoverable amounts of other non-current assets are measured at fair value less
         costs of disposal. The fair value measurement are determined using residual method under market approach.
         The key inputs were the forecast selling prices for the completed shops and apartments, and the estimated
         cost to complete and decorate the building. The forecast selling price and the estimated cost to complete are
         positively related and inversely related to the fair value, respectively.

         The Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised
         cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.

         There was no transfer amongst level 1, 2 and 3 in the current and prior years.

34. COMMITMENTS
                                                                                     December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                         US$’000               US$’000


   Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of property, plant and
     equipment in the consolidated financial statements
     – contracted but not provided for                                                       9,468                 6,113


35. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
   The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries are members of a state-managed retirement benefits scheme operated by
   the PRC government. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of payroll cost to the retirement
   benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefits scheme
   is to make the specified contributions.

   The total cost charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of approximately
   US$9,953,000 for the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024: US$8,140,000), represent contributions payable to
   the scheme by the Group.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2025      151
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




36. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      The table below details changes in the Group’ liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and
      non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash
      flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                            Entrusted loan           Lease        Dividend
                                             Borrowings            payable       liabilities      payables            Total
                                               US$’000            US$’000         US$’000         US$’000          US$’000
                                              (note 25)          (note 26)       (note 27)


      At January 1, 2025                        714,352            27,823              928               –         743,103
      Financing cash flows                     (220,219)                –             (514)        (32,952)       (253,685)
      Dividend declared by the
        Company                                         –               –                  –       31,713           31,713
      Dividend declared by
        subsidiaries of the Company                     –               –                  –         1,239           1,239
      Exchange difference arising
        on translation                           10,852               631             199                           11,682
      Accrued interest expenses                       –                 –             848                 –            848
      Non-cash transactions                           –                 –          12,584                 –         12,584


      At December 31, 2025                      504,985            28,454          14,045                 –        547,484


                                                            Entrusted loan           Lease        Dividend
                                             Borrowings            payable        liabilities     payables            Total
                                               US$’000            US$’000         US$’000         US$’000          US$’000
                                              (note 25)          (note 26)       (note 27)


      At January 1, 2024                        738,234            28,238            1,477               –         767,949
      Financing cash flows                      (14,322)                –             (599)         (1,250)        (16,171)
      Dividend declared by
        subsidiaries of the Company                     –               –                  –         1,250           1,250
      Exchange difference arising
        on translation                            (9,560)            (415)                 –              –          (9,975)
      Unrealised foreign exchange
        loss, net                                       –               –               (16)              –             (16)
      Accrued interest expenses                         –               –                66               –              66


      At December 31, 2024                      714,352            27,823              928                –        743,103




152     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




37. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES
   Details of the Company’s subsidiaries at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                                  Place and date                       Issued and fully                Equity interest
                                  of incorporation/        Place of    paid share capital/       attributable to the Group
   Name of subsidiaries           establishment            operation   registered capital           as at December 31,               Principal activities
                                                                                                      2025                    2024


   Pacific PGM Inc.               British Virgin Islands   BVI         US$100                         100%                   100%    Investment holding
                                      (“BVI”)
                                      May 17, 2001

   Pacific PGM (Barbados) Inc.    Barbados                 Barbados    US$250,000                     100%                   100%    Investment holding
                                     September 6, 2007


   IMP (1)                        PRC                      PRC         US$45,000,000                 96.5%                   96.5%   Engaged in exploration and
                                    April 29, 2002                                                                                      development of mining
                                                                                                                                        properties in China


   Skyland Mining Limited         Barbados                 Barbados    US$233,380,700                 100%                   100%    Investment holding
                                     October 6, 2004                     plus RMB1,510,549,032


   Jia Ertong (1)                 PRC                      PRC         US$273,920,000                 100%                   100%    Exploration, development and
                                    October 31, 2003                                                                                    mining of mineral properties
                                                                                                                                        and investment holding


   Huatailong (1)                 PRC                      PRC         RMB1,760,000,000               100%                   100%    Exploration, development and
                                    January 11, 2007                                                                                    mining of mineral properties


   Jiama Industry and Trade (1)   PRC                      PRC         RMB5,000,000                    51%                    51%    Mining logistics and transport
                                    December 1, 2011                                                                                    business


   Skyland (BVI) (2)              BVI                      BVI         US$1                              n/a                 100%    Issue of bonds
                                        October 26, 2010

   (1)
             Domestic limited liability company.
   (2)
             On November 5, 2024, the dissolution of Skyland (BVI) was approved by the official department and the final dissolution was
             completed on February 5, 2025.

   None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of both years. Other than Pacific PGM Inc. and
   Pacific PGM (Barbados) Inc. (2024: Pacific PGM Inc., Pacific PGM (Barbados) Inc. and Skyland (BVI)) which are
   directly held by the Company, all other subsidiaries listed above are indirectly held under the Group.




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025                    153
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




38. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                        December 31,    December 31,
                                                               2025            2024
                                                            US$’000         US$’000
      Current assets
      Cash and cash equivalents                              20,303            4,704
      Other receivables                                         103               84
      Prepaid expenses and deposits                              78               39

                                                             20,484            4,827

      Non-current assets
      Right-of-use assets                                       183              27
      Equity instruments at FVTOCI (note 19)                133,678          47,599
      Investments in subsidiaries (note 37)                 987,015         987,016

                                                          1,120,876        1,034,642

      Total assets                                        1,141,360        1,039,469


      Current liabilities
      Other payable and accrued expenses                      2,243            2,248
      Borrowings                                             79,000           79,000
      Lease liabilities                                          61               32
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                            21,815            1,335

                                                            103,119           82,615

      Net current liabilities                                (82,635)        (77,788)

      Total assets less current liabilities               1,038,241         956,854

      Non-current liabilities
      Lease liabilities                                         125                –
      Deferred income                                             –               19

                                                                125               19

      Total liabilities                                     103,244           82,634

      Owners’ equity
      Share capital (note 29)                             1,229,061        1,229,061
      Reserves (note 39)                                    115,848           30,384
      Accumulated losses (note 39)                         (306,793)        (302,610)

      Total owners’ equity                                1,038,116         956,835

      Total liabilities and owners’ equity                1,141,360        1,039,469




154     China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




39. RESERVES AND DEFICITS OF THE COMPANY
                                                                       Accumulated
                                                     Reserves               losses              Total
                                                     US$’000              US$’000            US$’000


   At January 1, 2024                                 29,113              (254,944)         (225,831)


   Loss for the year                                       –               (47,666)          (47,666)
   Fair value gain on equity instruments at FVTOCI     1,271                     –             1,271


   Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year      1,271               (47,666)          (46,395)


   At December 31, 2024                               30,384              (302,610)         (272,226)


   Loss for the year                                       –                27,530            27,530
   Fair value gain on equity instruments at FVTOCI    85,464                     –            85,464
   Dividend paid to shareholders                           –               (31,713)          (31,713)


   Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year     85,464                (4,183)              81,281


   At December 31, 2025                              115,848              (306,793)         (190,945)




                                                                            Annual Report 2025     155
FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY



The consolidated results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from the
audited financial statements are as follows:

                                                                   Year ended December 31
                                                2025           2024             2023             2022             2021
                                              US$’000        US$’000          US$’000          US$’000          US$’000


RESULTS


Revenue                                     1,310,125        756,646          459,434        1,104,949        1,137,356


Profit (loss) attributable to owners
  of the Company                              467,093         62,732          (25,500)         222,743          267,361


                                                                        At December 31
                                                2025           2024             2023             2022             2021
                                              US$’000        US$’000          US$’000          US$’000          US$’000


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES


Total assets                                3,356,535      2,935,979        2,834,716        3,194,911        3,257,043
Total liabilities                          (1,019,509)    (1,149,773)      (1,106,975)      (1,291,481)      (1,423,651)


Net assets                                  2,337,026      1,786,206        1,727,741        1,903,430        1,833,392


Equity attributable to owners of the
  Company                                   2,309,141      1,762,438        1,706,858        1,883,979        1,815,922
Non-controlling interests                      27,885         23,768           20,883           19,451           17,470


Total owners’ equity                        2,337,026      1,786,206        1,727,741        1,903,430        1,833,392




156      China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
                     (Incorporated in British Columbia, Canada with limited liability)
                     HK Stock Exchange Stock Code: 2099
                     Toronto Stock Exchange Stock Code: CGG




2025 Annual Report
                     Annual Report
