ANNUAL
REPORT   2021
Content
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER ................................................................................................................................................................- 1 -


MANAGEMENT REVIEW – OPERATIONS .............................................................................................................................- 2 -


MINING TENEMENT SCHEDULE .......................................................................................................................................... - 20 -


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT ........................................................................................................................ - 21 -


DIRECTORS’ REPORT .............................................................................................................................................................. - 29 -


LEAD AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION ...................................................................................................... - 41 -


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS .................................................................................................. - 42 -


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME .................................................................. - 43 -


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION ........................................................................................... - 44 -


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY ............................................................................................. - 45 -


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS ............................................................................................................ - 46 -


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS...................................................................................... - 47 -


DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION ................................................................................................................................................. - 73 -


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT ................................................................................................................................. - 74 -


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................................... - 79 -


SHAREHOLDING INFORMATION......................................................................................................................................... - 79 -


CORPORATE DIRECTORY ...................................................................................................................................................... - 81 -
                                                                                    CHAIRMAN’S LETTER           - 1-


Chairman’s Letter

Dear Shareholders

It is with a strong sense of optimism for what lies ahead that I reflect on the year under review. This same
time last year the Company had only recently decided to move on the opportunity to acquire a 100% interest
in the Bendigo-Ophir Gold Project in the Otago Goldfields of New Zealand’s South Island. This Project, which
sits 90km north-west of the renowned Macraes Gold Mine, came with a 250k oz inferred resource and
significant exploration potential.

Over the course of 2021, and with little fanfare, our exploration team have utilised the funds raised as part
of the Company’s recapitalisation in November 2020 to drill several of the highly prospective drill ready
targets along the Rise & Shine Shear Zone (RSSZ) – Rise and Shine, Come-in-Time and Shreks, being the three
deposits across which the existing resource extends. Pleasingly, this maiden program, comprising a mix of
RC and Diamond drilling, has begun to bear fruit with the Company having recently released an upwardly
revised, JORC compliant, Mineral Resource Estimate (MRE) of 643koz @ 1.0 g/t based on a 0.25g/t cut-off
(no top-cut). This new MRE represents a 95% increase in tonnes, a 155% increase in ounces and a 25%
increase in grade from the existing resource, a significant outcome from our maiden drill campaign on the
Project. With further unassayed core showing significant traces of visible gold and additional drilling
scheduled across these targets, we are confident of continuing the delineation of additional resources to in
excess of 1 million ounces which would mark a tremendous milestone in the short time that the Company
has owned the Project.

On behalf of the entire Board I would like to thank our New Zealand-based operations team for their
commitment to the Project under trying circumstance related to the Covid pandemic and to our shareholders
for their continued patience and support. With momentum building within the Project, we have good reason
to be optimistic for an exciting next 12 months and hopeful of material value creation for all shareholders.



Sincerely,




Norman Seckold
-2-    MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS


      Management Review – Operations
      Review of Operations

      During the reporting period, the Company announced that it had acquired a 100% interest in the Bendigo-
      Ophir Project in Otago, New Zealand (Figure 1) through the purchase of all the shares of private New
      Zealand company Matakanui Gold Limited (MGL). All exploration activities have focused on the Bendigo-
      Ophir Project since November 2020, with the Company progressively exiting its other non-core exploration
      assets.




                                      Figure 1: Bendigo-Ophir Project Location Plan.


      New Zealand – Bendigo–Ophir Gold Project (100%)

      The Bendigo-Ophir Gold Project under Mineral Exploration Permit 60311 covers an area of 252km2, in
      Central Otago, South Island New Zealand (the ‘Project Area’) (Figure 1) approximately 90km north-west of
      Oceana Gold’s world-class Macraes Gold Mine where mineral resources and production to date total over
      10 million ounces of gold.

      The Project Area displays the hallmarks of a major gold field in a region with a compelling gold endowment.
      The Project Area covers the richest historical hard rock mines and some of the richest alluvial workings in
      the Otago Goldfields. The area is considered highly prospective for large low-grade orogenic gold deposits,
      with analogies to Macraes. There is also potential for high-grade vein complexes as at the historical Bendigo
      Reefs in the north-western part of the Project Area, where previous production recorded 177,000 oz Au at
      grades of 30g/t to 180g/t in the late 1800s.




      SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                     MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS            -3-


The Company is currently pursuing its objective of defining a large low grade shear zone-hosted gold
resource along the Rise and Shine Shear Zone (RSSZ) that is amenable to heap leaching. However,
alternative metallurgical pathways are not ruled out if size, grade, and metallurgy of resource merit.

The RSSZ is a major shear zone with structural analogies to the Hyde-Macraes shear zone hosting the
Macraes deposits. The shear zone dips gently to moderately NE within Mesozoic schists at the tectonic and
structural boundary between lower metamorphic grade (TZ3) schists overlying higher metamorphic grade
(TZ4) schists. The RSSZ is within the TZ4 schists, separated from the TZ3 schists by the Thomson Gorge Fault
(TGF) which is a late unmineralized fault developed on the hanging wall of the RSSZ. The RSSZ has been well
defined by geology, geochemistry, and geophysics over a strike length of 7 kilometres.

Gold-arsenic mineralisation is concentrated in structurally controlled shoots along the shear zone with
significant inferred resources defined at Come in Time (CIT), Rise & Shine (RAS) and Shreks (SHR) deposits
with highly prospective targets along the shear zone beyond existing deposits (Figure 2).




                            Figure 2: Bendigo-Ophir Project -Deposits & Prospects.


The Company’s current programme has built on the 252,000-ounce JORC 2012 compliant inferred mineral
resource defined in 2019 (2019 MRE) and previous metallurgical test work completed by Matakanui Gold
Limited (MGL).

Since acquisition of the Bendigo-Ophir project in November 2020 the Company has completed 45 reverse
circulation (RC) and diamond drill (DD) holes totalling 5,771 metres at the three main deposits, Come-in-
Time (CIT), Rise and Shine (RAS), and Shreks (SHR) and at emerging new deposit Shreks East (SRE). Drilling
has successfully tested down-plunge extensions of resources defined in the 2019 MRE (Figure 3) and more
than doubled the 2019 resources to 643,000 ounces (JORC 2012 compliant) while remaining open down
plunge and along strike (Figure 4). A summary of the 2021 MRE update received after the reporting period
is reported to two lower cut-off grades of 0.25 and 0.50 g/t Au) (Table 1) and by oxidation state (Table 2)
below:
-4-    MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS




                             Figure 3: RSSZ deposits in 2019 and conceptual structural targets


      Table 1: Global Mineral Resource Estimate (MRE) September 2021 by Deposit (rounded for reporting)




      Table 2: MRE September 2021 by Oxidation State (0.25g/t Au lower cut-off rounded for reporting)




      There is considerable extension potential yet to be tested at all deposits with DD drilling continuing after
      the reporting period with focus on RAS.


      SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                      MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS         -5-




                 Figure 4: RSSZ 2021 Mineral Resources (MRE) at 0.25g/t Au lower cut-off grade




Figure 5: RSSZ Deposits & Resource Halos (3D view East). The MRE covers 4km strike length from CIT to SRE.
-6-    MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS


      Rise & Shine (RAS) Deposit

      Drilling at RAS has defined mineralisation within the RSSZ in a shoot plunging NNE at about 25 degrees which
      extends at least 530 metres down plunge and remains open at depth (Figures 5, 6, 7 & 8).




                                           Figure 5: RAS RC drilling (MRC079)

      The higher-grade core of this shoot is at least 150 metres wide and with a vertical thickness of up to 80
      metres. Mineralisation appears to occur in stacked zones within a duplex shear.




                         Figure 6: RAS Down-Plunge Section – 2021 MRE Resource Halos & Geology



      SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                     MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS            -7-


The upper hanging wall zone (HWS) is typically 10 - 20 metres thick with grades of 0.8 to 2.6 g/t gold. The
higher-grade lower zone emerging at depth is apparently controlled by a lower basal shear with intense
stockwork vein development.

Lower zone thicknesses are up to 12 metres at average grades of 3.8 to 6.3 g/t but including high grade
intercepts of 5 metres of 11.3 g/t and 6 metres averaging 7.5 g/t with multiple one-metre intercepts greater
than 20 g/t Intermediate zones of mineralisation occur between the two main mineralised zones. The tenor
of mineralisation appears to be increasing with depth and remains open down plunge for at least another
600 metres before topography limits open pit potential (Fig 10)

•   MDD009
      o Upper zone – 16m @ 0.81g/t Au from 141m (Incl 7m @ 1.36g/t Au from 148m)
      o Lower zone - 9m @ 6.34g/t Au from 209m (Incl 5m @ 11.28g/t Au from 209m)
•   MDD007
      o Upper zone – 19m @ 1.22g/t Au from 164m (Incl 6m @ 2.29g/t Au from 170m)
      o Lower zone - 12m @ 3.82g/t Au from 234m (Incl 6m @ 7.52g/t Au from 236m)
   MDD010
      o Upper zone – 17m @ 1.82g/t Au from 126m (Incl 6m @ 11.2g/t Au from 174m)
      o Lower zone – assays pending
   MDD014
      o Upper zone – 22m @ 5.7g/t Au from 174m (Incl 5m @ 11.2g/t Au from 174m)
      o Lower zone – assays pending




                           Figure 7: RAS down-plunge section - Drillhole intercepts


The aggregate thickness of mineralised zones the seven drill holes for which assays have been received that
define the depth extensions of the RAS shoot are summarized in Table 3.
-8-    MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS


              Table 3 Summary of DD and RC Drill results defining new RAS mineralisation




      Assay results are pending for a further 5 drillholes drilled during and after the reporting period. Limited
      laboratory capacity and Covid are responsible for a slow flow of results.




                                  Figure 8: RAS Stacked zones of mineralisation in NNE-plunging shoot

      Visible gold (VG) is often associated with high grade intervals, e.g., MDD010 core (Figure 9) at 133m which
      assayed 13.2g/t Au over the one metre interval. Visible gold has been logged in multiple intervals within
      strongly veined and sulphide mineralised zones intersected in deeper drill holes MDD0011, 0013 and 0014
      for which assays are still pending suggesting potential for continuity of high gold grade mineralisation down
      plunge.




      SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                  MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS         -9-




                    Figure 9: RAS MDD010 PQ3 core visible gold – vein breccia (@ 133m)

RAS mineralisation has thickened down-plunge and remains open for a further 500 metres before drilling
access is limited by rising topography north of Shepherds Creek (Figure 10).




                             Figure 10: RAS Immediate Down plunge potential
- 10 -    MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS


         Come-in-Time (CIT) Deposit

         Drilling at CIT has also confirmed mineralisation extends NNE down plunge from previously defined
         resources (2019 MRE) (Figure 11 & 12). The deposit lies within the RSSZ one and a half kilometres northwest of
         RAS.

         Mineralisation is in a shoot extending approximately 300 metres down plunge and is at least 150 metres
         wide. The average aggregate thickness of mineralisation above a 0.25 g/t cut-off grade is 20 metres over an
         average shear zone thickness of 80 metres.

         Mineralisation remains open both along strike to the east and down plunge for a further 250 metres to the
         north before topography (as at RAS) again rises steeply north of Shepherds Creek.

         Gold mineralisation is concentrated in the HWS zone over a thickness of up to 21 metres. Significant
         intercepts at a 0.25 g/t cut-off grade in the core of the down-plunge extensions of mineralisation beyond
         the limits of the 2019 MRE inferred resources include:

             •   MRC064
                   o Upper zone (HWS) 21m @ 2.14g/t Au from 63m (Incl 2m @ 7.65g/t from 64m)
             •   MRC066
                   o Upper zone (HWS) 12m @ 2.04g/t Au from 75m (Incl 2m @ 9.67g/t from 76m)
             •   MRC070
                   o Upper zone (HWS) 12m @ 1.08g/t Au from 106m (Incl 6m @ 1.72g/t from 106m)




                            Figure 11: CIT Down-Plunge Section – 2021 MRE Resource Halos & Geology

         Aggregate thicknesses of mineralization defining the higher-grade core of the down-plunge extensions of
         the CIT shoot are summarized in Table 4.



         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                     MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS         - 11 -


       Table 4 Summary of DD and RC Drill results defining new CIT mineralisation




                  Figure 12: CIT >0.50 g/t Au mineralised envelopes and potential extension

Shreks (SHR) and Shreks East (SRE) Deposits

SHR (Figure 13) and SRE (Figure 14) deposits are the southernmost of the RSSZ deposits identified to date
lying along the RSSZ between 1.6 and 2.4 kilometres southeast of RAS. SHR contained 75 percent of the
2019 MRE but exploration of the down plunge extensions has been limited by a high topographic ridge.
Mineralisation extends over a strike length of 750 metres. The controls on mineralisation remain poorly
understood but the deposit may contain multiple higher-grade shoots.

Three RC holes tested the down plunge extension of HWS mineralisation with MRC093 intersecting strong
gold mineralisation 50 metres north of the 2019 MRE at the northern end of the deposit.

   •   MRC093
         o 20 metres @ 2.47g/t Au from 80m (Incl 8 metres @ 5.27g/t Au from 85m)
- 12 -    MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS




                           Figure 13: SHR Down-Plunge Section – 2021 MRE Resource Halos & Geology


         SRE mineralisation appears to be a separate mineralised shoot across a NE striking fault that uplifts the RSSZ
         to the east of SHR. Mineralisation occurs in the HWS zone which averages 12 metres thick at an average
         length weighted grade of 0.75 g/t gold. The core of the shoot has been defined by 4 holes (Table 5) over a
         down-plunge length of 300 metres with a width of about 100 meters. Mineralisation remains open at depth
         and down-plunge north of MDD003.
             • MDD003
                             o 19m @ 0.75g/t Au from 64m (Incl 8m @ 1.22g/t Au from 75m)

                                          Table 5 Summary of SRE Drill results




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS   - 13 -




Figure 14: SRE Down-Plunge Section – 2021 MRE Resource Halos & Geology




            Figure 15: DD drilling at SRE (MDD003 view SW)
- 14 -    MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS


         New Mineral Resource Estimate (2021 MRE)
         The new Global MRE update (Table 1) is 643,000 ounces of gold with an average uncut grade of 1.0g/t Au
         at a cut-off grade of 0.25g/t Au. This is a 155% increase in gold resources and 25% increase in grade beyond
         the 2019 MRE of 252,000 ounces @ 0.80g/t. The MRE includes 537,000 ounces of gold at an average uncut
         grade of 1.6g/t Au -at a cut-off grade of 0.50g/t Au. Tonnage and grade relationships are shown in Figure
         16.

         RAS is developing into a significant deposit as currently modelled (Figure 8) and now contains the largest
         single gold inventory (287,000oz) and highest average grade (1.4g/t Au uncut, min 0.25g/t). Resources at
         RAS are based on assays from drillholes completed to June 2021 (last hole MDD010). Drilling has continued
         north at RAS since June with partial assays reported from MDD010 and 014 and still pending from MDD011-
         013 and the balance of MDD014. MDD012 on the western edge of the RAS shoot intersected the RSSZ
         without any significant mineralised intercept, MDD015 is currently being drilled at RAS 120 metres north of
         the MRE 2021 boundary. Drilling will continue to step out at both RAS and CIT deposits with immediate
         focus on increasing the Resources.

         The Inferred MRE classification, completed in September by an Independent Competent Person (CP) to JORC
         Code 2012, reflects the view of the CP and future infill drilling is expected to improve estimation quality and
         raise MRE class in future estimations.




                          Figure 16: Global Inferred Resource Grade Tonnage Curve




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                      MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS         - 15 -


Metallurgy
Metallurgical testwork supervised by Kappes Cassiday & Associates Australia (KCAA) is being undertaken at
ALS Metallurgy Laboratory in Perth on sub-composites of continuous intervals of fresh sulphide bearing PQ3
core (crush assay rejects). The samples are from 60 to 80m below surface at CIT, RAS and SRE deposits
where fresh sulphide bearing mineralisation comprises ~90% of the resource.

Testwork involves 10-day intermittent bottle roll tests (IBRT) and 85-day column leach tests (Figure 17)
with the latter commencing in mid-June.




                         Figure 17: Column leach tests on CIT, RAS and SRE sulphide ore


The work is a continuation of test work undertaken on oxide, transitional and sulphide mineralisation in
2018 by MGL. Column leach testwork by SGS Perth returned 73 -94% gold recoveries from oxide and
transition ore (Figure 18). The average gold recovery in LeachWELL tests on fresh sulphide RC chips was
85%.

The 2021 column leach tests were continuing to extract gold when terminated with all three samples
yielding what would be considered economic recovered gold values (CIT 0.65 g/t Au, RAS 0.51g/t Au, SRE
1.00g/t Au, Table 6, Figure 19).


Table 6: Preliminary Metallurgical Column Leach Testwork data (85 days)
- 16 -    MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS


         Residue assaying is incomplete however based on an average of gold to carbon and solution values with
         median residue results received to date, preliminary gold recoveries of 60-79% average 68%, which aligns
         with 2018 transitional mineralisation results.

         Final results of the metallurgical column leach test-work and mineralogical studies will determine future
         gold recovery pathways.




                      Figure 18: 2018 Column leach test results on CIT, RAS and SHR oxide & transition ore




                 Figure 19: 2021 Provisional Column Leach Sulphide Gold Extractions (Au g/t 85 days)




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                      MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS                - 17 -


Forward Programme
The Company will pursue its objective of defining a minimum one-million-ounce gold resource along the
RSSZ with a near-term focus on the down plunge potential of RAS and CIT.

DD drilling will continue to fast track extensions of inferred resources at RAS and CIT before commencing
infill drilling to raise the status of the resources. The very encouraging results from drilling at depth at RAS
open-up the potential for higher grade resources than those originally targeted. The results from RAS
highlight the potential for major mineralised systems opening up down plunge at SHR, which contained 80%
of the 2019 MRE resource, and the Upper Thomson and Thomson Saddle prospects, both with strong
geochemical signatures that have not been tested down dip of the inferred HWS outcrop.

Consents are pending to allow more extensive construction of drill access roads to give better utilization
and safe all-weather access to drill sites to increase drill rates with completion of the initial step-out
resource extension drilling programme scheduled for completion in December 2021.

Subject to the results of this drill programme, infill drilling to raise the resource status, and conceptual
feasibility studies are expected to commence in early 2022.



Snoul Project Cambodia - Emerald Resources NL earning 70%

Airborne magnetic data indicates that the Snuol Licence contains at least six relatively large and discrete
intrusives with associated hornfels alteration halos. Within these six magnetic features, five high priority
prospects have been identified named Ok Pok, Anchor, Samrong, Krong and American Camp, all located in
the eastern half of the Snuol EL. Gold mineralization previously exploited by artisan miners is associated
with a series of sulphide-rich altered veins, within an area of 10 X 10km, which hosts a cluster of intrusive
bodies which where exposed, are predominately granodiorite in composition. Mineralisation of significance
to be associated gold mineralization appears to be confined to the quartz-sulphide veins and their narrow
propylitic and phyllic alteration selvages, containing pyrite, chalcopyrite, specular haematite and / or
magnetite, with small amounts of galena, sphalerite and arsenopyrite.

Previous soil geochemistry has outlined gold anomalies including in the Anchor prospect area, where 33 RC
drill holes for a total of 1673m were drilled during September 2020. Gold intersections regarded as
significant by operator Emerald Resources, included 5m @6.23g/t Au from 14m, 8m @1.37g/t Au from 34m
and 3m @ 2.67g/t Au from 24m. In the previously untested northern area of Anchor, intersections of
significance were 1m @ 2.85g/t Au from 3m, 1m @ 1.41g/t from 53m, 1m @ 1.32g/t Au from 38m.

Our joint venture partners, Emerald Resources are sufficiently encouraged to plan IP surveys in the dry
season of late 2021, to help identify new drilling targets in what is believed to be a fertile area for porphyry-
style gold and copper mineralization.
- 18 -    MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS


         Phnom Khtong Project Cambodia - Emerald Resources NL earning 70%

         The known mineralization in the Phnom Khtong Licence area is related to areas of outcropping, small to
         medium sized, fine to medium grained diorite and quartz diorite intrusives and their associated
         metamorphic contact aureoles with skarn and hornfels halos. There are a number of complex quartz-
         sulphide veins and some sulphide-bearing skarn zones. Small placer and alluvial gold deposits occur, derived
         from the veins.

         The most significant area for vein and alluvial gold is at the Oh Tron prospect, where alluvial gold, apparently
         derived from skarn and veined areas adjacent to an intrusive, continues to be worked by local artisan miners
         on a seasonal basis. Previous geochemistry defined anomalous gold in soil. Eighteen trenches completed in
         2009-2010 assayed gold in the range of 1 - 2.5 g/t Au, over trench lengths of 2m – 12m.

         In April 2021, our joint venture partners, Emarald Resources, completed 32 RC drill holes for an aggregate
         of 1,429m at Oh Tron. Significant assays from these drill holes included 10m @ 1.08g/t Au from 4m, 4m @
         1.43g/t Au from surface, 3m @ 1.11g/t Au from 20m and 2m @ 1.31g/t Au from 32m.

         Emerald now plans to complete IP surveys at Oh Tron late in 2021, aimed at defining new drilling targets
         where sulphide alteration associated with the hydrothermal alteration may accompany gold.




                    Figure 20: Location Plan for the Phnom Khtong and Snoul Exploration Licenses.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                         MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS                  - 19 -


Cuitaboca Project, Mexico
The Company advanced a strategic review of its Cuitaboca Silver Project in Mexico during the year aimed to
take advantage of current precious metals prices. No active exploration activities were conducted at the
Cuitaboca Project during the reporting period.




                                 Figure 21: Cuitaboca Location Map, Mexico.

Becker Project, Chile

The company elected to withdraw from the Becker Joint Venture (Chile) during the financial year and
subsequently retains no further interest in the Project.

Sayabouly Project, Laos

In March 2021 the Company disposed of its interest in Dominion Metals Pty Ltd, a subsidiary which indirectly
owned the Sayabouly Project in Laos.

The transaction provides for cash reimbursement of US$152,640 licence fees upon renewal and extension
of the Sayabouly licence concession on terms satisfactory to the purchaser and cash consideration of
A$200,000 payable based on a percentage of exploration costs over 18 months. In addition, the Company
is entitled to receive a net smelter royalty calculated at a rate of 0.75% capped at A$5M.

Competent Person/Qualified Person

The information in this report that relates to Exploration Results is based on information compiled by Mr Richard
Keevers, who is a Fellow of The Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy. Mr Keevers is an Executive Directorof
the Company and has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under
consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012
Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves.’ Mr
Keevers consents to the inclusion in this report of the matters based on his information in the form and context in
which it appears.
- 20 -        MINING TENEMENT SCHEDULE


         Mining Tenement Schedule at 29 September 2021

                         Name                       Number             Area                  Status                 Interest
          Bendigo Ophir, New Zealand
          Bendigo-Ophir                             EP60311             251 km2                 Granted                      100%



                          Name                      Number              Area                 Status                 Interest
          Cuitaboca, Sinaloa, Mexico
          El Chapotal #                               210765               126ha                    Granted      Earning to 80%
          San Rafael #                                214243               528ha                    Granted      Earning to 80%
          Nuestra Señora Del Carmen #                 208560            79.47ha                     Granted      Earning to 80%
          San Pedro #                                 210767            29.15ha                     Granted      Earning to 80%
          Jesús Maria #                               205338            13.62ha                     Granted      Earning to 80%
          San Rafael II #                             222493               540ha                    Granted      Earning to 80%
          Cuitaboca #                                 222494            2,401ha                     Granted      Earning to 80%
          Los Sapos #                                 226832            1,386ha                     Granted      Earning to 80%
          Cuita *                                     244943           456.71ha                     Granted                  100%
         # Minera Cuitaboca S.A. de C.V. has the right to acquire the above concessions under an option agreement (Concession Option
         Agreement) with Consorcio Minero Latinoamericano S.A. de C.V (Concession Holder). The Concession Option Agreement
         provides for the acquisition of a 100% interest in the concessions from the Concession Holder by paying option fees totalling
         US$3,500,000, with those option fees payable on a six monthly basis.

         The Consolidated Entity can initially earn 80% of the Project Company by meeting expenditure and the remaining option fees
         under the Concession Option Agreement.

         *The Cuita Concession is pending a formal transfer to Santana’s wholly owned subsidiary.



          Name/No.                             Nature                                 Area              Status             Interest
          Cambodian Projects
          Phnom Khtung                         Exploration Licence                    210.8 Km2         Granted            85#
          Snoul                                Exploration Licence                    198.0 Km2         Granted            85#
         # The Consolidated Entity currently holds an 85% interest in the project (diluting to not less than 12.75% assuming the
         Consolidated Entity does not exercise contribution rights) and is free carried to completion of feasibility study. A summary
         of the JV and Farm-out agreements are noted below.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT                         - 21 -


Corporate Governance Statement
This statement describes the corporate governance practices of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries (‘Consolidated
Entity’) as at the date of this report.

The board of directors is responsible for the overall corporate governance of the Consolidated Entity, and it recognises the
need for the highest standards of ethical behaviour and accountability. The Board is committed to administering its
corporate governance structures to promote integrity and responsible decision making.

The Consolidated Entity provides this statement disclosing the extent to which it has followed, as at the date of this report,
the recommendations set out in the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles and
Recommendations (‘Recommendations’). This statement also provides details on the extent to which those
Recommendations have not been followed and reasons for not following them.

The following discussion outlines the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s principles and associated recommendations
and the extent to which the Consolidated Entity complies with those recommendations.


Principle 1 - Lay solid foundations for management and oversight
Board and Management
The Board acts in the best interests of the Consolidated Entity as a whole and is accountable to shareholders for overall
direction, management and corporate governance.

The Board has adopted a Board Charter, complying with Recommendation 1.1 of the Corporate Governance Council, which
formalises its roles and responsibilities and defines the matters that are reserved for the Board and specific matters that
are delegated to management.

The Board is responsible for setting the strategic direction of the Consolidated Entity and, without intending to limit the
general role of the Board, for the management of the Consolidated Entity including:

         •   oversight of control and accountability systems;
         •   appointing and removing the Chief Executive Officer and Company Secretary;
         •   monitoring any Executive Officer’s performance and implementation of strategy;
         •   monitoring developed strategies for compliance with best practice corporate governance requirements;
         •   approving and monitoring developed strategies for major capital and operating expenditure (including
             annual operating budgets), capital management, acquisitions and divestitures;
         •   monitoring developed strategies for compliance with all legal and regulatory obligations and ethical
             standards and policies;
         •   reviewing any systems of risk management (which may be a series of systems established on a per-project
             basis), internal compliance and control, and legal compliance to ensure appropriate compliance frameworks
             and controls are in place;
         •   monitoring developed reporting strategies for reporting to the market, shareholders, employees and other
             stakeholders.

The board has delegated responsibility for operation and administration of the Consolidated Entity to the Executive
Director and executive management.

In accordance with Recommendation 1.2, the Board is responsible for undertaking appropriate background checks before
appointing a person, or putting forward a candidate for election, as a Director. In addition, that all material information in
the Board’s possession, relevant to whether or not to elect or re-elect a Director, shall be provided to Shareholders.
- 22 -    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT


         Having regard to the size of the Board, written agreements with each director setting out the terms of their appointment
         have not been implemented in accordance with Recommendation 1.3.

         In accordance with Recommendation 1.4, the Board Charter provides that the Company Secretary is accountable directly
         to the Board, through the chair, on all matters to do with the proper functioning of the Board.

         Diversity
         The Consolidated Entity fosters a governance culture that embraces diversity in the composition of directors, executives
         and employees together with the appropriate skill mix, personal qualities, expertise and diversity of each position. Due to
         the size of the Consolidated Entity and the number of officers and employees a formal Diversity Policy with set measurable
         objectives for achieving gender diversity has not been implemented as per Recommendation 1.5 of the Corporate
         Governance Council.

         The Consolidated Entity has 10% (approx.) female participation in the organisation. There are no females employed in
         senior executive positions or on the board.

         Performance Review and Evaluation
         The Board Charter provides that the Board must review the Board Charter and perform an evaluation of its performance
         at intervals considered appropriate by the Chairman. The Board conducted a review of its Board Charter during the prior
         financial year and implemented an updated Board Charter effective 1 July 2020. A performance evaluation of the Board
         was not undertaken during the current period.

         The Board Charter also provides that the Board is responsible for monitoring any executive officer’s performance and has
         in place procedures relevant to the size of the Consolidated Entity to assess the performance of the executive team.

         Given the Consolidated Entity’s size and number of executive officers, the board has adopted an informal and continuous
         performance evaluation process. Evaluation of performance as described has been conducted throughout the period.

         The Consolidated Entity has followed Recommendation 1.6 and 1.7 through the above disclosures.

         A copy of the Board Charter is available on the Company’s website, www.santanaminerals.com.


         Principle 2 – Structure the Board to be effective and add value
         The Board has been formed so that it has effective composition, size and commitment to adequately discharge its
         responsibilities and duties given the Consolidated Entity’s current size, scale and nature of its activities.

         Board nominations
         Having regard to the size of the Board, the same efficiencies of a nomination committee would not be derived from a
         formal committee structure. The responsibility for examination of the selection and appointment practices of the
         Company to ensure that it has the appropriate balance of skills, knowledge, experience, independence and diversity rests
         with the Board and a nomination committee has not been established in accordance with Recommendation 2.1.

         The Board has not developed a formal program for inducting new directors or for professional development in accordance
         with Recommendation 2.6 having regard to the size of the Board and executive team. The board will consider a formal
         program for induction at the appropriate time.

         Skills, knowledge and experience
         The Board considers the mix of skills and the diversity of board members when assessing the composition of the Board.
         Directors are appointed based on the specific corporate and governance skills and experience required by the




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT                      - 23 -


Consolidated Entity. The Board seeks to maintain a relevant blend of personal experience across commercial and technical
disciplines relevant to the business of the Consolidated Entity.

The Board does not maintain a formal Board Matrix in accordance with Recommendation 2.2. However, the Board is
comprised of highly experienced senior business personnel from a variety of professional and enterprise backgrounds.
They each meet the fundamental requirements and, collectively, possess the skills, experience and diversity considered
necessary to appropriately govern the Consolidated Entity.

The skills of each individual director that comprise the Board have been outlined in the director’s report on page 30.

Assessment of independence
An independent director, in the view of the Consolidated Entity, is a non-executive director who:
        • is not a substantial shareholder of the Company or an officer of, or otherwise associated directly with, a
            substantial shareholder of the Company;
        • within the last three years has not been employed in an executive capacity by the Consolidated Entity, or
            been a director after ceasing to hold any such employment;
        • within the last three years has not been a principal of a material professional advisor or a material consultant
            to the Consolidated Entity, or an employee materially associated with a service provider;
        • is not a material supplier or customer of the Consolidated Entity, or an officer of or otherwise associated
            directly or indirectly with a material supplier or customer;
        • has no material contractual relationship with the Consolidated Entity other than as a director of the
            Company;
        • has not served on the Board for a period which could, or could reasonably be perceived to, materially
            interfere with the director’s ability to act in the best interests of the Consolidated Entity; and
        • is free from any interest and any business or other relationship which could, or could reasonably be perceived
            to, materially interfere with the director’s ability to act in the best interests of the Consolidated Entity.

The composition of the Board is reviewed periodically with regards to the optimum number and skills of directors required
for the Board to properly perform its responsibilities and functions.

Independent directors
Due to the size and scale of the Consolidated Entity’s current activities, the Board does not consist of a majority of
independent directors. However, although the Board does not follow Recommendation 2.4, to facilitate independent
decision-making, the Board has agreed procedures for directors to have access in appropriate circumstances to
independent professional advice.

Directors are entitled to request and receive such additional information as they consider necessary to support informed
decision-making.

The board of directors has four non-executive directors all of whom are not considered independent. In accordance with
Recommendation 2.3 the names of the directors of the Company in office at the date of this report, specifying who are
independent together with their length of service and relevant personal particulars, are set out in the directors’ report
commencing on page 30 of this report.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The Chairman is responsible for leadership of the Board and for the efficient organisation and conduct of the Board’s
functioning. The Executive Director is responsible and accountable to the Board for the Consolidated Entity’s management.

The office of Chairman is held by Norman A. Seckold, who is not considered independent in accordance with
Recommendation 2.5 of the Corporate Governance Council. However, the board considers that the office of Chairman is
best served by Mr Seckold due to his extensive experience in the industry.
- 24 -    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT



         In accordance with Recommendation 2.5 of the Corporate Governance Council the role of Chief Executive Officer and
         Chairman are not exercised by the same person.

         Professional advice and access to information
         Directors have the authority to seek any information they require from the Consolidated Entity and any Director may, at
         the Company’s cost, take such independent legal, financial or other advice as they and the Chairman consider necessary
         or appropriate. Any Director seeking independent advice must first discuss the request with the Chairman who will
         facilitate obtaining such advice agreed upon.

         Term of appointment as a director
         The Constitution of the Company provides that a director, other than the Managing Director, may not retain office for
         more than three calendar years or beyond the third Annual General Meeting following his or her election, whichever is
         longer, without submitting himself or herself for re-election. One third of the directors (excluding the Managing Director)
         must retire each year and are eligible for re-election. The directors who retire by rotation at each Annual General Meeting
         are those with the longest length of time in office since their appointment or last election.

         Remuneration
         The remuneration for individual directors is determined by the Board as a whole, with total compensation for all non-
         executive directors not to exceed an aggregate per annum approved by Shareholders.

         For further details on the amount of remuneration and any amount of equity based executive remuneration payment for
         each director, refer to the Remuneration Report in the Directors’ Report.


         Principle 3 – Instil a culture of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly
         Company Values
         The Consolidated Entity is committed to conducting all of its business activities fairly, honestly with a high level of integrity,
         and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. The Board and management are dedicated to high ethical
         standards and recognise and support the Company’s commitment to compliance with these standards.

         A formal value statement has not been established or disclosed given the size of the Company’s Board and management
         in accordance with Recommendation 3.1.

         Code of conduct and ethical standards
         The Consolidated Entity fostered a governance culture where all directors, managers and employees are expected to act
         with the utmost integrity and objectivity, striving at all times to enhance the reputation and performance of the
         Consolidated Entity.

         Every employee has direct access to a director or executive to whom they may refer any issues arising from their
         employment. The Consolidated Entity does not contract with or otherwise engage any person or party where it considers
         integrity may be compromised.

         The Consolidated Entity has established a formal Code of Conduct in accordance with Recommendation 3.2.

         The Consolidated Entity has also established a Whistleblower policy in accordance with Recommendation 3.3 but has not
         established an anti-bribery and corruption policy given the size of the Consolidated Entity’s Board and Management in
         accordance with Recommendation 3.4.

         The Company has made its Code of Conduct and Whistleblow Policy available on its website, www.santanaminerals.com.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT                        - 25 -



Principle 4 – Safeguard the integrity of corporate reports
Audit committee
Given the current membership of the Board and the size, organisational complexity and scope of operations, the same
efficiencies of an audit committee would not be derived from a formal committee structure. The Board has not established
an audit committee and therefore Recommendation 4.1 has not been followed.

Responsibility for establishing and maintaining a framework of internal control and setting appropriate standards for the
management of the Consolidated Entity rests with the Board in accordance with the Consolidated Entity’s Board Charter.
The Board is also responsible for the integrity of financial information in the financial statements; audit, accounting and
financial reporting obligations; safeguarding the independence of the external auditor; and financial risk management.

CEO and CFO Certification
In accordance with Recommendation 4.2, the Board received assurance from the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
Financial Officer that the declaration provided in accordance with section 295A of the Corporations Act is founded on a
sound system of risk management and internal control and that the system is operating effectively in all material respects
in relation to financial reporting risks.

Integrity of periodic corporate reports
The Consolidated entity periodically prepares and releases to the market corporate reports other than audited or reviewed
financial statements to inform shareholders. Such reports regularly include quarterly activity reports, quarterly cash flow
reports and other market sensitive reports as they arise.

Where a corporate report of this type is not subject to audit or review by an external auditor, the Board will ensure that
the reports is materially accurate, balanced and provides investors with appropriate information to make an informed
decision. Further, the Board Charter provides that the Board is responsible for approving all material reporting and
external communications it releases to the market.

The Consolidated Entity has followed Recommendation 4.3 through the above disclosures.


Principle 5 – Make timely and balanced disclosure
Continuous disclosure with ASX Listing Rules
The Company is committed to promoting investor confidence and ensuring that shareholders and the market are provided
with timely and balanced disclosure of all material matters concerning the Consolidated Entity, as well as ensuring that all
shareholders have equal and timely access to externally available information issued by the Company, and takes its
continuous disclosure obligations seriously.

Primary responsibility rests with the Executive Director, while the Company Secretary is primarily responsible for
communications with the Exchange.

Whilst the Company does not have a formal policy, the Company notifies the ASX promptly of information:
         • concerning the Consolidated Entity, that a reasonable person would expect to have a material effect on the
             price or value of the Company’s securities; and
         • that would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether
             to acquire or dispose of the Company’s securities.

Announcements are made in a timely manner, are factual and do not omit material information in order to avoid the
emergence of a false market in the Company’s securities.
- 26 -    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT


         Given the size of the Consolidated Entity, a formal continuous disclosure policy has not been adopted and
         Recommendation 5.1 has not been followed.

         Given the current size of the Board and management, the Company aims to ensure that all market announcements are
         received by the Board prior to release to the market, but if not they are promptly distributed at the time of market
         announcement in accordance with Recommendation 5.2.

         In accordance with Recommendation 5.3, the Consolidated Entity ensures that investor or analyst presentations are
         released t the ASX Market Announcements Platform ahead of any presentation.


         Principle 6 – Respect the rights of security holders
         The Board supports practices that provide effective and clear communications with security holders and allow security
         holder participation at general meetings.

         The Company actively promotes communication with shareholders through a variety of measures, including the use of its
         website as its primary communication tool for distribution of the annual report, half-yearly report, market announcements
         and media disclosures. The Company aims to make this information available on the Company’s website on the day of
         public release and is e-mailed to all shareholders who lodge their e-mail contact details with the Company.

         In addition, the Consolidated Entity’s website also separately maintains a corporate governance section as per
         Recommendation 6.1 where all relevant corporate governance information can be accessed.

         A formal Shareholder Communications Policy has not been adopted given the Company’s size and nature of operations,
         and therefore Recommendation 6.2 has not been followed.

         The Board encourages full participation of shareholders at General Meetings in accordance with Recommendation 6.3, to
         ensure a high level of accountability and identification with the Company’s strategy and goals. Shareholders are requested
         to vote on the appointment and aggregate remuneration of directors, the granting of options and shares to directors, the
         remuneration report and other important considerations relevant to the Company at that time. Shareholders are also
         encouraged to ask questions on each item of business put before security holders at the meetings.

         In accordance with Recommendation 6.4, the Company will ensure that all substantive resolutions at shareholders
         meetings are decided by poll rather than a show of hands.

         The Company engages its share registry to manage the majority of communications with shareholders. In accordance with
         Recommendation 6.5 Shareholders are encouraged to receive correspondence from the Company electronically, thereby
         facilitating a more effective, efficient and environmentally friendly communication mechanism with shareholders.

         Shareholders not already receiving information electronically can elect to do so through the share registry.


         Principle 7 – Recognise and manage risk
         The Board is responsible for the identification, monitoring and management of significant business risks and the
         implementation of appropriate levels of internal control, recognising however, that no cost effective internal control
         system will preclude all errors and irregularities. The Board regularly reviews and monitors areas of significant business
         risk.

         Due to the size of the Consolidated Entity, the number of officers and employees and the nature of the business, a formal
         risk management committee has not been implemented as per Recommendation 7.1. The risk management functions and
         oversight of material business risks are performed directly by the Executive Director. The Consolidated Entity has adopted
         an internal control and risk management framework within which it operates.


         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT                       - 27 -


The Executive Director takes primary responsibility for managing corporate risk and reviews systems of external and
internal controls and areas of significant operational, financial and property risk, and ensures arrangements are in place
to contain such risks to acceptable levels. The Executive Director reports regularly at Board meetings as to the
effectiveness of the Consolidated Entity’s management of its material business risks.

A review of the Company’s risk management framework has not been conducted within the current financial year as
provided by Recommendation 7.2.

The Consolidated Entity did not have an internal audit function for the past year as provided by Recommendation 7.3. The
internal audit function is carried out by the board, which continually considers the entity’s risk management effectiveness
and associated internal control procedures. The Company does not have an internal audit department nor does it have an
internal auditor. The size of the Consolidated Entity does not warrant the need or the cost of appointing an internal
auditor.

In accordance with Recommendation 7.4, the Consolidated Entity does not have any material exposure to economic,
environmental and social sustainability risks other than as disclosed in accordance with its continuous disclosure
obligations in its Annual Report and ASX announcements.

The Consolidated Entity ensures that appropriate insurance policies are kept current to cover potential risks and maintains
Directors’ and Officers’ professional indemnity insurance.


Principle 8 – Remunerate fairly and responsibly
Remuneration committee
Given the current membership of the Board and the size, organisational complexity and scope of operations, the same
efficiencies of a remuneration committee would not be derived from a formal committee structure. The Board has not
established a remuneration committee and the responsibility for the Company’s remuneration policy rests with the Board.
Accordingly, Recommendations 8.1 has not been followed.

The Board is responsible for reviewing and recommending remuneration packages and policies applicable to non-
executive directors, executive directors and executive management of the Company. It is also responsible for reviewing
and recommending appropriate grant of any equity securities.

The remuneration objective is to adopt policies, processes and practices to:
           • attract and retain appropriately qualified and experienced directors and executives who will add value;
                and
           • adopt reward programmes which are fair and responsible and in accordance with principles of good
                corporate governance, which dictates a need to align director and executive entitlements with
                shareholder objectives.

The Board conducts reviews based on individual performance, trends in comparative companies and the need for a
balance between fixed remuneration and non-cash incentive remuneration.

Remuneration packages for executive directors and senior executives comprise fixed remuneration and may include
bonuses or equity based remuneration as per individual contractual agreements or at the discretion of the Board where
no contractual agreement exists.

Non-Executive director remuneration is a fixed annual amount of director fees, the total of which is within the aggregate
amount fixed by the Company’s Board prior to the first annual general meeting of shareholders. Any amendments to the
maximum sum must be approved by the Company’s shareholders at a general meeting.
- 28 -    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT


         The Company has entered into employment agreements with executives, on those terms noted in the Remuneration
         Report. The Board ensures that remuneration is in line with general standards for publicly listed companies of the size
         and type of the Consolidated Entity.

         In distinguishing between the remuneration practices for its Non-Executive directors and the remuneration practices
         applicable to executive staff, the Company complies with Recommendation 8.2.

         Securities trading policy
         The board has established a policy relating to the trading of the Company’s securities. The Board restricts directors,
         executives and employees from acting on material information until it has been released to the market. Executives,
         employees and directors are required to consult the Chairman; Chief Executive Officer or Company Secretary prior to
         dealing in the Company’s securities.

         Share trading is not permitted by directors, executives or employees at any time whilst in the possession of price sensitive
         information not already available to the market. In addition, the Corporations Act prohibits the purchase or sale of
         securities whilst a person is in possession of inside information.

         Additional restrictions are placed on directors, executives and key management personnel (“restricted employees”). The
         Company has adopted blackout periods for restricted employees, being the period from the end of the quarter up to the
         day after the release date of the quarterly report. Additionally, all restricted employees must apply for written
         acknowledgement to gain authority to trade in the Company’s securities.

         In accordance with Recommendation 8.3 the Company has made its Securities Trading Policy available on its website,
         www.santanaminerals.com.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT                                   - 29 -


Directors’ Report

The directors present their report together with the consolidated financial report of Santana Minerals Limited for the
financial year ended 30 June 2021 and the auditor’s report thereon.



Contents of Directors’ Report                                                                                                                                                                                        Page


1.       CORPORATE DIRECTORY ......................................................................................................................................................................... - 30 -


2.       DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS ............................................................................................................................................................................. - 31 -


3.       REMUNERATION REPORT - AUDITED ................................................................................................................................................. - 32 -

         PRINCIPLES OF COMPENSATION - AUDITED ..................................................................................................................................... - 32 -

         KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL REMUNERATION - AUDITED ................................................................................................. - 34 -

         EQUITY INSTRUMENTS - AUDITED ....................................................................................................................................................... - 34 -


4.       PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................................................................. - 37 -


5.       OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW ................................................................................................................................................. - 37 -


6.       DIVIDENDS .....................................................................................................................................................................................................- 37 -


7.       EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE ................................................................................................................................... - 38 -


8.       LIKELY DEVELOPMENTS........................................................................................................................................................................... - 38 -


9.       ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION AND PERFORMANCE ................................................................................................................. - 38 -


10. CHANGES IN STATE OF AFFAIRS ............................................................................................................................................................ - 38 -


11. DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS............................................................................................................................................................................ - 39 -


12. SHARE OPTIONS ...........................................................................................................................................................................................- 39 -


13. OFFICERS’ INDEMNITIES AND INSURANCE ........................................................................................................................................ - 39 -


14. NON-AUDIT SERVICES ................................................................................................................................................................................- 40 -


15. LEAD AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION.......................................................................................................................... - 40 -
- 30 -    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


         1.       Corporate Directory
         Directors
         The directors of Santana Minerals Limited (the Company) at any time during or since the end of the financial year are:

         Mr Norman A Seckold, Non-Executive Chairman
         Appointed 15 January 2013

         Mr Seckold graduated with a Bachelor of Economics from the University of Sydney in 1970. He has spent more than 30
         years in the full time management of natural resource companies, both in Australia and overseas.

         Mr Seckold is currently Chairman and Director of each of ASX listed companies Sky Metals Limited (director since
         December 2001), Alpha HPA Limited (director since November 2009) and is Deputy Chairman of Nickel Mines Limited
         (director since 12 September 2007).

         He has been Chairman of Bolnisi Gold NL, Palmarejo Silver and Gold Corporation, Moruya Gold Mines NL, Pangea
         Resources Limited, Timberline Minerals, Inc., Perseverance Corporation Limited, Valdora Minerals NL, Viking Gold
         Corporation, Mogul Mining NL, San Anton Resource Corporation Inc., Cockatoo Coal Limited, Equus Mining Limited and
         Cerro Resources NL.

         Mr Richard E Keevers, Executive Director
         Appointed 15 January 2013 and Executive Director from 16 December 2020

         Mr Keevers graduated with a Bachelor of Science from the University of New England in NSW. He is a qualified and
         experienced geologist, having held senior positions with BH South Limited and Newmont during his 20 years in the mining
         industry. Subsequently he was an executive director of Pembroke Josephson Wright Limited, an Australian share brokerage
         firm, for ten years.

         Mr Keevers is currently Chairman and director of Renascor Resources Limited (director since July 2016).

         Mr Frederick J Bunting, Non-Executive Director
         Appointed 3 November 2020

         Mr Bunting graduated with a Bachelor of Science from Auckland University NZ in 1971 and with Master of Science from
         Rhodes University South Africa in 1977. Mr Bunting is an experienced geologist with 48 years of exploration experience,
         including initiating the Company’s Bendigo-Ophir project in New Zealand.

         Mr Warren D Batt, Non-Executive Director
         Appointed 3 November 2020

         Mr Batt graduated with a Master of Science (Hons) from Auckland University NZ in 1974. Mr Batt is an experienced
         geologist and mining professional with over 45 years of experience, including initiating the Company’s Bendigo-Ophir
         project in New Zealand.

         Mr Anthony J McDonald, Non-Executive Director
         Re-appointed as a director on 16 December 2020 and previously a director from 15 January 2013 to 3 November 2020

         Mr McDonald graduated with a Bachelor of Laws from the Queensland University of Technology in 1981. He was admitted
         as a solicitor in 1982. He has been involved in the natural resources sector in Australia and internationally and since 2001
         has been actively involved in corporate and business management in the resources and technology industries.

         Mr McDonald is currently a non-executive director of PPK Group Limited (appointed September 2017) and Li-S Energy
         Limited (appointed July 2019) and was a director of Sky Metals Limited (director from November 2003 until 20 June 2019).




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT            - 31 -


Mr Anthony McClure, Non-Executive Director
Mr McClure was a non-executive director of the Company from 9 December 2019 and resigned 16 December 2020.

Mr McClure graduated with a Bachelor of Science (Geology) degree from Macquarie University in 1986. He has had 30
years technical, management and financial experience in the resource sector worldwide in project management and
executive development roles. He has also worked in the financial services sector within the mineral and energy sectors.


Company Secretary
Mr Craig J McPherson
Corporate Secretary (since 15 January 2013)
Mr McPherson graduated with a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Queensland and is a member of
Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand. He has over twenty years of commercial and financial management
experience and has held various roles with ASX and TSX listed companies for in excess of ten years in Australia and
overseas.



2.      Directors’ meetings
The number of directors’ meetings and number of meetings attended by each of the directors of the Company during the
financial year are:

Director
                                                 A         B
Mr NA Seckold                                   11         9
Mr RE Keevers                                   11        11
Mr FJ Bunting                                    7         7
Mr WD Batt                                       7         7
Mr AJ McDonald                                   9         9
Mr AJ McClure                                    6         6


A - Number of meeting eligible to attend
B - Number of meetings attended
- 32 -    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


         3.    Remuneration Report - Audited

     3.1.     Principles of compensation – audited
              Remuneration is also referred to as compensation throughout this report.

              Key management personnel have authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities
              of the Company and the Consolidated Entity. Key management personnel comprise the directors of the Company
              and executives for the Company and the Consolidated Entity.

              Compensation levels for key management personnel are competitively set to attract and retain appropriately
              qualified and experienced directors and executives.

              The compensation structures explained below are designed to attract suitably qualified candidates, reward the
              achievement of strategic objectives, and achieve the broader outcome of creation of value for shareholders. The
              compensation structures take into account:

                    •   The capability and experience of the key management personnel; and
                    •   The key management personnel’s ability to control the relevant segment’s performance.

              Compensation packages for executive key management personnel comprise fixed remuneration and may include
              bonuses or equity based remuneration as per individual contractual agreements or at the discretion of the Board
              where no contractual agreement exists.

              Fixed compensation
              Fixed compensation consists of base remuneration as well as employer contributions to superannuation funds.

              Compensation levels are reviewed periodically by the Board through a process that considers individual and overall
              performance of the Consolidated Entity. A senior executive’s compensation is also reviewed on promotion.

              Performance linked compensation
              Remuneration for certain individuals may be directly linked to the performance of, and outcomes achieved for, the
              Consolidated Entity at the discretion of the Board.

              The Board may utilise the Company’s Executive and Staff Option Plan (the Plan) to grant options over shares in the
              Company at its discretion in addition to the fixed compensation to achieve objectives of the Consolidated Entity. In
              determining the terms of options to be issued the Board sets an exercise price greater than the current share price
              to incentivise future performance that will drive growth in the Company’s share price. Further, under the terms of
              the Plan, where the employment or office of the option holder is terminated, any options which have not reached
              their vesting date will lapse and any options which have vested may be exercised within two months from the date
              of termination of employment, otherwise they will lapse.

              The Consolidated Entity has a policy that prohibits those that are granted share based payments as part of their
              remuneration from entering into other arrangements that limit their exposure to losses that would result from
              share price decreases.

              The Board considers that the most effective way to increase shareholder wealth is through the successful
              exploration and development of the Consolidated Entity’s mineral exploration properties. The Board considers that
              the Consolidated Entity’s remuneration policies incentivise key management personnel by providing rewards, over
              the short and long terms that are directly correlated to delivering value to shareholders through share price
              appreciation.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT             - 33 -


Consequences of performance on shareholders’ wealth
In considering the Consolidated Entity’s performance and benefits for shareholders’ wealth, the Board has regard
to the following indices in respect of the current financial year and previous financial years.
                                                2017            2018           2019           2020            2021
Total exploration expenditure ($)           2,084,587      1,904,155      1,196,527       1,925,556      2,842,253
Net assets ($)                              4,691,042      6,753,815      4,963,447       8,527,920     16,750,981
Share Price at Year-end ($)                     0.028          0.011          0.003           0.002          0.082
Net loss for the year ($)                   4,665,133        926,051      2,832,520       1,465,806      6,352,848
Dividends Paid ($)                                NIL            NIL             NIL            NIL            NIL


On 27 October 2020 the Company completed a 1:70 share consolidation. The share price information for the 2017
to 2020 years is information is presented on a pre-consolidation basis.

The overall level of key management personnel’s compensation has been determined based on market conditions
and advancement of the Consolidated Entity’s projects.

Service contracts
The Consolidated Entity had the following service contracts with Key Management Personnel during the year:

The employment agreement with Mr Pike (Chief Executive Officer from December 2019 to December 2020) had no
fixed term. Remuneration under the agreement was $250,000 per annum (including statutory superannuation).
The Company could at any time terminate the agreement by the giving of 3 months’ notice or paying an amount
equal to 3 months remuneration (including statutory superannuation) in lieu of such notice. Mr Pike could at any
time terminate the agreement by the giving of 3 months’ notice. Mr Pike resigned from the Company in December
2020.

Mr Richard Keevers was appointed Executive Director in December 2020 on an interim basis. The agreement with
Mr Keevers is informal and has no fixed term. Mr Keevers will be paid a fee of $9,750 per month (including statutory
superannuation) whilst he acts in an executive capacity.

The Company has a service arrangement with Archer Corporate Pty Ltd, an entity associated with Mr McPherson,
for the provision of accounting, secretarial and corporate services for remuneration of $90,000 per annum. The
arrangement provides for services to be provided as required and has no fixed term. Both parties may terminate
the agreement at any time by the giving of 1 months’ notice.

Non-executive directors
Total compensation for all non-executive directors is not to exceed $250,000 per annum. Directors’ base fees are
presently $70,000 per annum for the Chairman and $45,000 per annum for non-executive directors. Non-executive
directors do not receive performance-related compensation.
- 34 -    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


         3.2.     Key management personnel remuneration - audited
                  Details of the nature and amount of each major element of remuneration of each director of the Company and
                  other key management personnel are:
                                                                                                                Proportion of
                                                                                                               Remuneration
                                            Salaries      Super-         Leave                         Total     Performance
                                             & Fees annuation        Provisions   Options Remuneration                Related
                                   Year            $           $              $          $                 $                %
          Non-executive directors
          NA Seckold
          (Chairman)              2021          70,000                -                -             -            70,000                    -
                                    2020        70,000                -                -             -            70,000                    -
          FJ Bunting1               2021        30,000                -                -             -            30,000                    -
                                    2020              -               -                -             -                  -                   -
          WD Batt1                  2021        30,000                -                -             -            30,000                    -
                                    2020              -               -                -             -                  -                   -
          AJ McDonald2              2021        39,672                -                -             -            39,672                    -
                                    2020      111,404          25,000                  -             -          136,404                     -
          AJ McClure3               2021        18,891          1,795                  -             -            20,686                    -
                                    2020        20,548          1,952                  -             -            22,500                    -
          Executive Directors
          RE Keevers4               2021        73,973          7,027                  -             -            81,000                    -
                                    2020        37,671          3,579                  -             -            41,250                    -
          Executive
          S Pike (CEO)5             2021      195,730          14,460          (29,473)      (35,713)           145,004                     -
                                    2020      133,181          12,652            10,098       85,901            241,832                35.52
          CJ McPherson              2021        90,000                -                -             -            90,000                    -
                                    2020        90,000                -                -             -            90,000                    -
          Total                     2021      548,266          23,282          (29,473)      (35,713)           506,362
                                    2020      462,804          43,183            10,098       85,901            601,986

             1.   Mr Bunting and Mr Batt were appointed Non-executive Directors on 3 November 2020
             2.   Mr McDonald was Managing Director and CEO until 9 December 2019 at which time he became a Non-executive Director. Mr McDonald
                  resigned as a director on 3 November 2020 and was re-appointed as a director on 16 December 2020.
             3.   Mr McClure was appointed a Non-executive Director on 9 December 2019 and resigned on 16 December 2020.
             4.   Mr Keevers was a Non-executive Director until his appointment as Executive Director on 16 December 2020.
             5.   Mr Pike was appointed CEO on 9 December 2019 and resigned in December 2020.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT            - 35 -


3.3   Equity instruments - audited
      All options refer to options over ordinary shares of the Company, Santana Minerals Limited.

      Options issued by the Company are exercisable on a one-for-one basis under the Santana Minerals Limited
      Executive and Staff Option Plan, unless specifically noted.

      Options and rights over equity instruments granted as compensation - audited

      Details on options over ordinary shares in the Company that were granted as compensation to each key
      management person and were outstanding during the year ended 30 June are as follows:

                      Number of       Grant date         Vesting        Fair value        Exercise       Expiry date   Number of
                       options                            date*       per option at       price per                     options
                       granted                                         grant date~        option~                       vested
                        during                                              ($)               ($)                       during
                       2020-21                                                                                           2021~
       Executives
       S Pike              -            23.12.2019     09.12.2020        0.0020            0.006          09.12.2022   25,000,000
       S Pike              -            23.12.2019     09.06.2021        0.0020            0.006          09.12.2022        -
       S Pike              -            23.12.2019     09.06.2021        0.0022            0.010          09.12.2023        -
       S Pike              -            23.12.2019     09.12.2021        0.0022            0.010          09.12.2023        -


      *Options are only subject to a service condition requiring continuing employment until at least vesting date.
      ~On 27 October 2020 the Company completed a 1:70 share consolidation. This information is presented on a pre-
      consolidation basis.

      All options issued to Mr Pike and not vested, expired in accordance with the employee share plan following his
      resignation from the Company in December 2020.

      No options have been granted as compensation to key management personnel since the end of the financial year.

      Exercise of options granted as compensation – audited

      During the reporting period, no shares were issued on the exercise of options previously granted as compensation.

      Analysis of movements in options granted as compensation – audited
      The movement during the reporting period, by value, of options over ordinary shares in the Company held by
      each key management person is detailed below.

                                          Granted in year           Value of options                  Lapsed in year
                                                                    exercised in year
                                                         $                          $                             $
        Executives
        S Pike                                           -                            -                     (35,713)

      In the case of share options, where the employment or office of the option holder is terminated, any options
      which have not reached their vesting date will lapse and any options which have reached their vesting date may
      be exercised within two months from the date of termination of employment.
- 36 -    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


               Movements in options and rights over equity instruments - audited

               The movements during the reporting period in the number of all options over ordinary shares in the Company
               held directly, indirectly or beneficially, by each key management personnel including their related parties is as
               follows:

                                                                                           Lapsed          Held at   Vested and
                                                 Opening
                                                               Consolidation1                        30 June 2021    exercisable
                                              1 July 2020
                                                                                                                      at 30 June
                                                                                                                           2021
                   Non-executive Director
                   NA Seckold             5,653,981               (5,573,208)             (80,773)               -             -
                   AJ McDonald            3,164,077               (3,118,824)             (45,253)               -             -
                   AJ McClure             5,078,951               (5,006,394)             (72,557)               -             -

                   Executives
                   S Pike                   100,000,000         (98,571,428)       (1,428,572)2                  -             -
                   CJ McPherson               1,500,000                    -        (1,500,000)                  -             -

               1
                On 27 October 2020 the Company completed a 1:70 share consolidation.
               2
                Includes 357,143 vested options which expired during the year and 1,071,429 options that were forfeited upon
               resignation.

               Movements in equity holdings and transactions - audited

               The movements during the reporting period in the number of ordinary shares in the Company held directly,
               indirectly or beneficially, by each specified director or executive, including their personally related entities is as
               follows:
                                                     Opening Consolidation1            Paid up/            Sold/           Held at
                                                  1 July 2020                        purchased       transferred     30 June 2021
                  Non-executive Directors
                  NA Seckold                    142,147,674 (140,116,991)              900,000                 -        2,930,683
                   FJ Bunting2                        13,392,373                      -                  -               -         13,392,373
                   WD Batt   2
                                                       7,655,198                      -                  -               -          7,655,198
                   AJ McDonald                      118,175,822       (116,487,593)              300,000                 -          1,988,229
                   AJ McClure    3
                                                    106,858,873       (105,332,317)              300,000                 -          1,826,556
                   Executive Director
                   RE Keevers                          4,920,351         (4,850,059)                     -               -            70,292
                   Executives
                   S Pike                                         -                                      -               -                  -
                   CJ McPherson                       10,982,262        (10,825,371)                     -               -           156,891
                   1.   On 27 October 2020 shareholders of the Company approved a 1:70 share consolidation
                   2.   Held at date of appointment
                   3.   Held at date of resignation


               Loans to key management personnel and their related parties

               The Consolidated Entity did not have any outstanding loans directly or indirectly with key management personnel
               during the current financial year.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT             - 37 -


        Other key management personnel transactions

        Key management personnel hold positions in other entities that result in them having control, joint control or
        significant influence over the financial or operating policies of those entities.

        Key management personnel are able to receive remuneration directly through these entities. All amounts
        applicable to remuneration have been disclosed in section 3.2 of this Directors’ report.

        During the year the Consolidated Entity paid MIS Corporate Pty Ltd, an entity associated with Mr NA Seckold,
        $24,375 (2020: $25,840) for investor relations services.

        During the year the Consolidated Entity paid Minex Resources Limited, an entity associated with Mr F Bunting,
        $119,257 (2020: $nil) for consulting fees and hire of equipment. At reporting date there was $61,950 (2020: $nil)
        outstanding amount payable to Minex Resources Limited.

        During the year the Consolidated Entity paid MH Private Pty Ltd, an entity associated with Mr McPherson, $2,800
        (2020: $nil) for bookkeeping services. At reporting date there was no amount outstanding (2020: $nil) payable to
        MH Private Pty Ltd.

        In July 2014, the Consolidated Entity entered into agreements allowing it to earn 80% of the Cuitaboca Project
        from an entity associated with Mr NA Seckold. Under the terms of the agreements, the Consolidated Entity made
        a payment of A$100,000 and has committed to meeting 100% of expenditure, thereby providing the Consolidated
        Entity with management of the Cuitaboca Project through an initial 100% ownership of Minera Cuitaboca S.A. de
        C.V. (Project Company).

        Apart from the details disclosed in this section, no director has entered into a material contract with the Company
        or the Consolidated Entity and there were no material contracts involving directors’ interests existing at year-end.


4. Principal activities
The principal activities of the Consolidated Entity during the course of the financial year were the exploration for gold,
silver and base metals and the investigation of projects involving those activities with the objective of identifying,
developing and exploiting economic mineral deposits. Those activities were undertaken in New Zealand, Laos, Mexico
and Chile.

There was no significant change in the nature of the activities of the Consolidated Entity during the year.


5.      Operating and financial review
The review of operations of the Consolidated Entity during the year is detailed in the review of operations commencing
on page 2 of this annual report and forms part of the directors’ report.

At the end of the financial year the Consolidated Entity had $3,930,780 (2020: $830,958) in cash and at call deposits.
Capitalised mineral exploration and evaluation expenditure carried forward was $12,838,632 (2020: $6,573,671).

The Consolidated Entity had net assets of $16,750,981 (2020: $8,527,920).


6.      Dividends
No dividends have been paid, and the directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend for the year ended 30 June
2021.
- 38 -    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


         7.        Events subsequent to reporting date

         During the reporting period the outbreak of what is known as the COVID-19 pandemic continued to spread, resulting in
         significant volatility with worldwide economies as well as there being Government imposed social distancing guidelines.
         Subsequent to the reporting period the COVID-19 pandemic has remained prevalent, and this may impact the results of
         operations of the Consolidated Entity in future reporting periods. Given the stage of the pandemic, the Company is not in
         a position to reliably estimate this impact.

         Other than as outlined, since the end of the financial year and to the date of this report no matter or circumstance has
         arisen which has significantly affected, or may significantly affect, the operations of the Consolidated Entity, the results of
         those operations or the state of affairs of the Consolidated Entity in subsequent financial years.


         8.        Likely developments
         The Consolidated Entity will continue to pursue its objective of exploration and evaluation for gold, silver and base metals
         with the objective of eventually developing a commercially viable mining operation. The Consolidated Entity will also
         continue to investigate other projects and opportunities involving those activities. These activities will be undertaken
         within the constraints of its finances.

         Further information about likely developments in the operations of the Consolidated Entity has not been included in this
         report because disclosure of the information would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the Consolidated Entity
         and given the nature of exploration and evaluation it does not have sufficient certainty.


         9. Environmental regulation and performance

         The Consolidated Entity holds various exploration licences that regulate its exploration activities in New Zealand and
         Mexico. These licences include conditions and regulations with respect to the rehabilitation of areas disturbed during the
         course of the Consolidated Entity’s exploration activities.

         There have been no significant known breaches of the Consolidated Entity’s licence conditions and at the date of this
         report, no agency has notified the Consolidated Entity of any environmental breaches during the financial year, nor are
         the Directors aware of any environmental breaches.


         10. Changes in state of affairs

         In the opinion of the Directors, significant changes in the state of affairs of the Consolidated Entity that occurred during
         the year ended 30 June 2021 were as follows:

              • On 3 November 2020, the Company announced that it had completed the acquisition of Matakanui Gold Ltd (MGL),
                100% owner of the Bendigo-Ophir Gold Project in New Zealand. At completion, the Company issued 38,189,017
                fully paid ordinary shares (Consideration Shares) to MGL’s former shareholders as consideration for the acquisition.
                 The Company also completed the placement of 37,500,000 fully paid ordinary shares at $0.20 per share to raise
                 $7.5 million (Placement Shares).
                 The Consideration Shares and Placement Shares were issued pursuant to the approval received from shareholders
                 at a general meeting held on 21 October 2020. At that meeting shareholders also approved a 1:70 share
                 consolidation.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT              - 39 -


11. Directors’ interests

The relevant interest of each director in the shares or other securities issued by the Company and other related bodies
corporate, as noted by the directors to the Australian Securities Exchange in accordance with section 205G(1) of the
Corporations Act 2001, at the date of this report is as follows:

  Director                                                  Fully Paid Ordinary Share*

  Norman A. Seckold                                                         2,930,683
  Richard E. Keevers                                                           70,292
  Frederick J. Bunting                                                     13,392,373
  Warren D. Batt                                                            7,655,198
  Anthony J. McDonald                                                       1,988,229
 * Includes shares and options held directly and/or indirectly


12. Share options
Unissued shares under options
At the date of this report unissued ordinary shares of the Company under option are:

          Expiry Date                           Exercise Price      Number of Shares
          3 November 2022                                $0.20             1,140,310
          3 November 2023                                $0.25             1,140,310
          3 November 2024                                $0.30             1,140,310

The names of persons who currently hold options are entered in the register of options kept by the Company pursuant to
the Corporations Act 2001. The persons entitled to exercise the options do not have, by virtue of the options, the right to
participate in a share issue of any other body corporate.

Shares issued on exercise of options

During the reporting period, no shares were issued on the exercise of options previously granted.

13. Officers’ indemnities and insurance

During or since the end of the financial year the Company paid an insurance premium to insure certain officers of the
Company and controlled entities. The officers covered by the insurance policy include the Directors and the Company
Secretary named in this report.

The Directors and Officers Liability insurance provides cover against all costs and expenses that may be incurred in
defending civil proceedings that fall within the scope of the indemnity and that may be brought against the officers in their
capacity as officers of the Company or a controlled entity. The insurance policy does not contain details of the premium
paid in respect of individual officers of the Company or controlled entity. Disclosure of the nature of the liability cover and
the amount of the premium is subject to a confidentiality clause under the insurance policy.

The Company has not entered into any agreement to indemnify any auditor of the Consolidated Entity.
- 40 -    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


         14. Non-audit services

         During the year KPMG, the Company’s auditor, has performed certain other services in addition to their statutory duties.

         The Board has considered the non-audit services provided during the year by the auditor and is satisfied that the provision
         of those non-audit services during the year by the auditor is compatible with, and did not compromise the auditor
         independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 for the following reasons:

                      •    The non-audit services have been reviewed by the Board to ensure such services do not impact the
                           integrity and objectivity of the auditor; and
                      •    The non-audit services provided do not undermine general principles relating to auditor independence
                           as set out in APES110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards),
                           as they did not involve reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or decision
                           making capacity for the Company, acting as an advocate for the Company or jointly sharing risks or
                           rewards.

         Details of the amounts paid to the auditor of the Company, KPMG, and its related practices for audit and non-audit
         services provided during the year are set out below.
                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                 2021                     2020
                                                                                                     $                       $
          Audit Services
          Audit and review of financial reports                                                92,500                   80,230
                                                                                               92,500                   80,230
          Other services
          Taxation compliance services                                                            7,000                      6,210
                                                                                                  7,000                      6,210



         15. Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration

         The lead auditor’s independence declaration is set out on page 41 and forms part of the directors’ report for the
         financial year ended 30 June 2021.



         This report is made with a resolution of the directors:




         ___________________________

         NA Seckold
         Chairman

         Dated at Brisbane this 29th day of September 2021.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                  SANTANA MINERALS AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES │ ABN 37 161 946 989                                    - 41 -




 Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration under
 Section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
 To the Directors of Santana Minerals Limited


 I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit of Santana Minerals
 Limited for the year ended 30 June 2021 there have been:
           i.        no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the
                     Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and
           ii.       no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the
                     audit.




 KPMG                                                       Simon Crane
                                                            Partner


                                                            Brisbane
                                                            29 September 2021




KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms
affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The
KPMG name and logo are trademarks used under license by the independent member firms of the KPMG global
organisation. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
- 42 -    SANTANA MINERALS AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES │ ABN 37 161 946 989



         Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
         for the Year Ended 30 June 2021

                                                                                           30 June 2021                30 June 2020
                                                                    Note                                                  Restated*
                                                                                                         $                        $

           Continuing operations
           Government grant received                                                              37,500                      62,500
           General and administrative expenses                                               (1,074,808)                 (1,242,886)
           Exploration and evaluation expenses                       13                        (188,151)                   (142,229)
           Results from operating activities                                                 (1,225,459)                 (1,322,615)

           Financing income                                           3                             1,027                            897
           Financing expenses                                         3                          (17,940)                        (9,755)
           Net financing income/(expense)                                                        (16,913)                        (8,858)


           Impairment of equity-accounted investees, net
                                                                      9
           of tax                                                                            (1,088,852)                               -
           Share of loss of equity accounted investments,
                                                                      9
           net of tax                                                                            (36,478)                   (28,507)

           Loss before income tax benefit                                                    (2,367,702)                 (1,359,980)
           Income tax benefit                                         6                                -                           -
           Loss from continuing operations                                                   (2,367,702)                 (1,359,980)

           Loss from discontinued operations                         13                      (3,985,146)                   (105,826)
           Loss for the year – attributable to
           Shareholders of the Company                                                       (6,352,848)                 (1,465,806)

           Earnings per share
           Basic loss per share                                        7                     (7.19) cents                (5.69) cents
           Diluted loss per share                                      7                     (7.19) cents                (5.69) cents

           Earnings per share – continuing
           operations
           Basic loss per share                                        7                     (2.68) cents                (5.29) cents
           Diluted loss per share                                      7                     (2.68) cents                (5.29) cents

         *Comparative information has been re-presented due to discontinued operations – see note 13.

         The consolidated statement of profit or loss is to be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                            SANTANA MINERALS AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES │ ABN 37 161 946 989                           - 43 -


Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income
for the Year Ended 30 June 2021

                                                                                   30 June 2021           30 June 2020
                                                                                              $                      $

  Net loss for the year                                                              (6,352,848)            (1,465,806)

  Other comprehensive income
  Items that may subsequently be reclassified to profit or
  loss:
  Foreign exchange translation differences                                             (188,414)              (884,976)
  Reclassification of foreign currency differences on sale of
  controlled entities                                                                    509,321                        -
  Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income
  tax                                                                                    329,907              (884,976)

  Total comprehensive income for the year – attributable to
  Shareholders of the Company                                                        (6,022,941)            (2,350,782)




The consolidated statement of other comprehensive income is to be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial
statements.
- 44 -    SANTANA MINERALS AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES │ ABN 37 161 946 989


         Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
         as at 30 June 2021
                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                      2021                     2020
                                                                    Note
                                                                                                         $                        $
          Current assets
          Cash and cash equivalents                                                             3,930,780                  830,958
          Trade and other receivables                                  8                           63,016                   25,684
          Prepayments                                                                              42,778                   35,672
          Total current assets                                                                  4,036,574                  892,314

          Non-current assets
          Receivables                                                 8                                 -                    1,350
          Equity accounted investees                                  9                           200,000                1,325,330
          Property, plant and equipment                               10                           67,083                   15,683
          Exploration and evaluation expenditure                      11                       12,838,632                6,573,671
          Total non-curent assets                                                              13,105,715                7,916,034

          Total assets                                                                         17,142,289                8,808,348

          Current liabilities
          Trade and other payables                                                                391,308                  250,955
          Employee benefits                                                                             -                   29,473
          Total current liabilities                                                               391,308                  280,428

          Total liabilities                                                                       391,308                  280,428

          Net assets                                                                           16,750,981                8,527,920

          Equity
          Share capital                                               12                       48,779,923               35,071,891
          Reserves                                                                              (220,044)                (549,951)
          Accumulated losses                                                                 (31,808,898)             (25,994,020)

          Total equity
                                                                                               16,750,981                8,527,920




          The consolidated statement of financial position is to be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                            SANTANA MINERALS AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES │ ABN 37 161 946 989                              - 45 -


Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the Year Ended 30 June 2021
                                                                     Foreign
                                                                    currency
                                                      Issued      translation Accumulated
                                                      capital        reserve       losses                 Total equity
Opening balance at 1 July 2020                   35,071,891         (549,951)     (25,994,020)              8,527,920
Loss for the year                                         -                 -      (6,352,848)            (6,352,848)
Other comprehensive income/(loss)                           -         329,907                  -              329,907
Total comprehensive income for the year                     -         329,907       (6,352,848)           (6,022,941)
Transactions with owners recorded
directly in equity
Share-based payments (net of tax)                         -                   -        537,970                537,970
Shares issued                                    14,755,913                   -              -             14,755,913
Share issue costs                                (1,047,881)                  -                -          (1,047,881)
Total transactions with owners                   13,708,032                   -        537,970             14,246,002
Balance at 30 June 2021                          48,779,923         (220,044)     (31,808,898)             16,750,981


                                                                     Foreign
                                                                    currency
                                                      Issued      translation Accumulated
                                                      capital        reserve       losses                 Total equity
Opening balance at 1 July 2019                   29,299,538           335,025     (24,671,116)              4,963,447
Loss for the year                                         -                 -      (1,465,806)            (1,465,806)
Other comprehensive income                                  -       (884,976)                  -             (884,976)
Total comprehensive income for the year                     -       (884,976)       (1,465,806)           (2,350,782)
Transactions with owners recorded
directly in equity
Share-based payments (net of tax)                           -                 -        142,902                142,902
Shares issued                                     6,026,913                   -                -            6,026,913
Share issue costs                                  (254,560)                  -                -             (254,560)
Total transactions with owners                    5,772,353                   -        142,902              5,915,255
Balance at 30 June 2020                          35,071,891         (549,951)     (25,994,020)              8,527,920




The consolidated statement of changes in equity is to be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.
- 46 -    SANTANA MINERALS AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES │ ABN 37 161 946 989


         Consolidated Statement of Cash flows
         for the Year Ended 30 June 2021

                                                                                          30 June 2021          30 June 2020
                                                                              Note
                                                                                                        $                     $
           Cash flows from operating activities
           Cash paid to suppliers and employees                                             (1,109,710)           (1,041,402)
           Cash paid for exploration and evaluation expenditure
           expensed                                                                           (610,090)             (248,055)
           Interest received                                                                       1,027                     897
           Net cash used in operating activities                                  18        (1,718,773)           (1,288,560)


           Cash flows from investing activities
           Payments for exploration and evaluation expenditure
           capitalised                                                                      (2,139,592)           (1,703,291)
           Deposits paid                                                                                -              (1,350)
           Bonds received                                                                          1,350                       -
           Acquisition of assets – exploration and evaluation and
           investment with associate                                                                    -           (210,000)
           Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                         (69,597)                       -
           Net cash used in investing activities                                            (2,207,839)           (1,914,641)


           Cash flows from financing activities
           Proceeds from issue of shares                                                      7,500,000            4,080,750
           Share issue costs                                                                  (474,199)             (254,560)
           Net cash provided by financing activities                                          7,025,801            3,826,190

           Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
           held                                                                               3,099,189               622,989
           Effects of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held                                        633                 (280)
           Cash and cash equivalents at 1 July                                                  830,958               208,249
           Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June                                               3,930,780               830,958




         The consolidated statement of cash flows is to be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021                                - 47 -


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Year Ended 30 June 2021
1.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(a)   Reporting entity
      Santana Minerals Limited (the “Company”) is a Company domiciled in Australia. The address of the Company’s
      registered office is Level 15, 344 Queen Street, Brisbane QLD 4000. The consolidated financial report of the
      Company as at and for the financial year ended 30 June 2021 comprises the Company and its subsidiaries
      (together referred to as the “Consolidated Entity”). The Consolidated Entity is a for-profit entity and is primarily
      involved in exploration activities.

      The consolidated financial report was authorised for issue by the directors on 29 September 2021.

(b)   Basis of accounting
      The consolidated financial report is a general purpose financial report which has been prepared in accordance
      with Australian Accounting Standards (AASBs) adopted by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and
      the Corporations Act 2001. The consolidated financial report complies with International Financial Reporting
      Standards (IFRSs) adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

      Accounting policies have been applied consistently to all periods presented in the consolidated financial report.
      The accounting policies have been applied consistently by all entities in the Consolidated Entity.

(c)   Basis of measurement
      The financial report is presented in Australian dollars, which is the Company’s functional currency. The financial
      report is prepared on the historical cost basis.

      The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions
      that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and
      expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

      Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
      recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.

      In particular, information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a significant risk of resulting
      in a material adjustment within the next financial year are described in the following notes:

      •   Impairment and capitalisation of exploration and evaluation expenditure (Note 11); and
      •   going concern (Note 1(r)).

      Information about critical judgements in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the
      amounts recognised in the financial statements is included in the following note:

      •   capitalisation of exploration and evaluation expenditure (Note 11); and
      •   accounting for associate (note 9).
- 48 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021


         (d)   Basis of consolidation
               Subsidiaries
               Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Consolidated Entity. Control exists when the Consolidated Entity is
               exposed to, or has the rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect
               those returns through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the
               consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases.

               Transactions eliminated on consolidation
               Intragroup balances, and any unrealised gains and losses or income and expenses arising from intragroup
               transactions, are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

         (e)   Finance income and expense
               Finance income comprises interest receivable on funds invested, profits on sale of financial assets and foreign
               exchange gains. Finance expense comprises foreign exchange losses and impairment losses on financial assets.

               Interest income is recognised in profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method. Dividend income
               is recognised in the profit or loss on the date the entity’s right to receive payments is established.

               Foreign exchange gains and losses are reported on a net basis.

         (f)   Goods and services tax and other value added taxes
               Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of goods and services tax (GST) or value added
               tax (VAT), except where the amount of GST/VAT incurred is not recoverable from the taxation authority. In these
               circumstances, the GST/VAT is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense.

               Receivables and payables are stated with the amount of GST/VAT included. The net amount of GST/VAT recoverable
               from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as an asset or liability in the statement of financial position.

               Cash flows are included in the statement of cash flows on a gross basis. The GST/VAT components of cash flows
               arising from investing and financing activities which are recoverable from, or payable to, tax authorities are
               classified as operating cash flows.

         (g)   Foreign currency
               Foreign currency transactions
               Transactions in foreign currencies are translated at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the transaction.
               Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated to the
               respective functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Foreign exchange differences
               arising on translation are recognised in profit or loss. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in
               terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.

               Financial statements of foreign operations
               The assets and liabilities of foreign operations generally are translated to Australian dollars at foreign exchange rates
               ruling at the reporting date. The revenues and expenses of foreign operations are translated to Australian dollars at
               rates approximating the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions.

               Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from a monetary item receivable from or payable to a foreign operation,
               the settlement of which is neither planned nor likely in the foreseeable future, are considered to form part of a
               net investment in a foreign operation and are recognised directly in equity in the foreign currency translation
               reserve. They are transferred to profit or loss upon disposal of the foreign operation.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021                                        - 49 -


(h)   Equity-accounted investees
      The Consolidated Entity’s interests in equity-accounted investees comprise interest in associates.

      Associates are those entities in which the Consolidated Entity has significant influence, but not control or joint
      control, over the financial and operating policies.

      Interests in associates are accounted for using the equity method. They are initially recognised at cost, which
      includes transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements include the
      Consolidated Entity’s share of the profit or loss and OCI of equity-accounted investees, until the date on which
      significant influence ceases.

(i)   Income tax
      Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognised in the profit or loss
      except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is recognised in equity.

      Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively
      enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

      Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
      liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for tax purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised
      for temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor
      taxable profit and differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that they will probably not
      reverse in the foreseeable future.

      Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they
      reverse, based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date. Deferred tax
      assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and assets, and
      they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities,
      but they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised
      simultaneously.

      A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
      against which the temporary difference can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date
      and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.

      Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised at the same time as the
      liability to pay the related dividend.

(j)   Loss per share
      Basic loss per share (LPS) is calculated by dividing the net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
      Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.

      Diluted LPS is calculated by adjusting the net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted average
      number of ordinary shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.
- 50 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021


         (k)   Financial instruments
               Non-derivative financial instruments

               Recognition and measurement

               Trade receivables and debt securities are initially recognised when they are originated. All other financial assets
               and financial liabilities are initially recognised when the Consolidated Entity becomes a party to the contractual
               provisions of the instrument.

               Financial assets (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component) or financial liabilities
               are initially measured at fair value plus, for an item not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable
               to its acquisition or issue. A trade receivable without a significant financing component is initially measure at the
               transaction price.

               Classification and subsequent measurement

               On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified and measured at: amortised cost; FVOCI – debt instrument;
               FVOCI – equity instrument; or FVTPL.

               Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Consolidated Entity changes
               its business model for managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the
               first day of the first reporting period following the change in the business model.

               A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated
               as at FVTPL:

                   –    it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold asset to collect contractual cash flows; and
                   –    its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payment of principal and
                        interest on the principal amount outstanding.
               A debt instrument is measured at FVOCI if it meets both the following conditions:

                   –    it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by collecting contractual cash flows and
                        selling the financial assets; and
                   –    its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that solely principal and interest on the
                        principal amount outstanding.
               On initial recognition of an equity instrument that is not held for trading, the Consolidated Entity may irrevocably
               elect to present subsequent change in the investments fair value in OCI. This election is made on an investment-
               by-investment basis.

               All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVOCI as described above are measured at
               FVTPL. This includes all derivative financial assets. On initial recognition the Consolidated Entity may irrevocably
               designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the requirement to be measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI
               as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021                                   - 51 -


 Financial assets at       These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and losses, including
 FVTPL                     in any interest or dividend income, are recognised in profit or loss.

 Financial assets at       These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
 amortised cost            method. The amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign
                           exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or
                           loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.

 Debt investments at       These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest income calculated using
 FVOCI                     the effective interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are
                           recognised in profit or loss. Other net gains and losses are recognised in OCI. On
                           derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in OCI are reclassified to profit or loss.

 Equity investments        These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are recognised as
 at FVOCI                  income in profit or loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the
                           cost of investment. Other net gains or losses are recognised in OCI and are never
                           reclassified to profit or loss.


Financial liabilities – classification subsequent measurement and gains and losses

Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as FVTPL
if it is classified as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition. Financial
liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, are
recognised in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss.
Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.

Derecognition

Financial assets

The Company derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset
expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of
the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in which the Company neither transfers
nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the financial
asset.

Financial liabilities

The Company derecognises a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged, cancelled, or
expired. The Company also derecognises a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash flows of the
modified liability are substantially different, in which case a new financial liability based on the modified terms is
recognised at fair value On derecognition of a financial liability, the difference between the carrying amount
extinguished and the consideration paid (including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed) is
recognised in profit or loss.

Offsetting

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial
position when, and only when, the Company currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the amounts and
it intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

Share capital
Incremental costs directly attributable to issue of ordinary shares and share options, other than options issued as
part of an employee share based payment arrangement, are recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any
related income tax benefit. Dividends are recognised as a liability in the year in which they are declared.
- 52 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021


         (l)   Property, plant and equipment

               Owned assets
               Items of property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.
               The cost of acquired assets includes (i) the initial estimate at the time of installation and during the period of use,
               when relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring the site on which they are
               located, and (ii) changes in the measurement of existing liabilities recognised for these costs resulting from
               changes in the timing or outflow of resources required to settle the obligation or from changes in the discount
               rate. Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of that
               equipment.

               Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as
               separate items of property, plant and equipment.

               Gains and losses on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are determined by comparing the
               proceeds from disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and are recognised net within
               “other income” in profit or loss.

               Subsequent costs
               The Consolidated Entity recognises in the carrying amount of an item of property, plant and equipment the cost
               of replacing part of such an item when that cost is incurred if it is probable that the future economic benefits
               embodied within the item will flow to the Consolidated Entity and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.
               All other costs are recognised in the profit or loss as an expense as incurred.

               Depreciation
               Depreciation is charged to the profit or loss on a straight-line or reducing balance basis over the estimated useful
               lives of each part of an item of property, plant and equipment. The depreciation rates used for each class of asset
               in the current and comparative periods are as follows:

                     Motor vehicles                                         20 – 22.5 %
                     Plant and Equipment                                           20 %
                     Furniture and fittings                                   10 - 40 %

               Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reassessed at the reporting date.

         (m)   Segment reporting
               An operating segment is a component of the Consolidated Entity:

               •   that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, including revenues
                   and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Consolidated Entity’s other components;
               •   whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the directors to make decisions about resources to be
                   allocated to the segment and assess its performance; and
               •   for which discrete financial information is available.

               Segment results that are reported to the directors include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those
               that can be allocated on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items comprise mainly corporate assets (primarily cash
               and listed securities), head office expenses, and income tax assets and liabilities.

               Segment capital expenditure is the total cost incurred during the period to acquire property, plant and equipment.
               It also includes costs incurred on exploration and evaluation of the Consolidated Entity’s exploration projects.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021                               - 53 -


(n)   Provisions
      A provision is recognised when the Consolidated Entity has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result
      of a past event that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be
      required to settle the obligation. Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a
      pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
      liability.

(o)   Employee benefits

      Wages, salaries, and annual leave
      Liabilities for employee benefits for wages, salaries and annual leave represent present obligations resulting from
      employees’ services provided to reporting date, calculated at undiscounted amounts based on remuneration
      wage and salary rates that the Consolidated Entity expects to pay as at reporting date including related on-costs,
      such as workers compensation insurance and payroll tax.

      Termination benefits
      Termination benefits are recognised as an expense when the Consolidated Entity is demonstrably committed,
      without realistic possibility of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment before the
      normal retirement date, or to provide termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary
      redundancy. Termination benefits for voluntary redundancies are recognised as an expense if the Consolidated
      Entity has made an offer encouraging voluntary redundancy, it is probable that the offer will be accepted, and the
      number of acceptances can be estimated reliably.

      Long-term service benefits
      The Consolidated Entity’s obligations in respect of long-term service benefits, other than pension plans, is the
      amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods.
      The obligation is calculated using expected future increases in wage and salary rates including related on-costs
      and expected settlement dates, and is discounted to determine its present value. Remeasurements are
      recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

      Defined contribution superannuation funds
      Obligations for contributions to defined contribution superannuation funds are recognised as an expense in profit
      or loss as incurred.

      Share-based payment transactions
      The grant date fair value of equity settled share-based transactions is recognised as an employee benefits
      expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period that the employees become unconditionally
      entitled to the options. The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of share
      options that vest, except for those that fail to vest due to market conditions not being met.

(p)   Impairment – non-financial assets

      The carrying amounts of the Consolidated Entity’s non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are
      reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication
      exists then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.

      For exploration and evaluation expenditure assets indicators of impairment may include:

          •   The period for which the Consolidated Entity has the right to explore in the specific area has expired
              during the period or will expire in the near future, and is not expected to be renewed;
          •   Substantive expenditure on further exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources in the specific
              area is neither budgeted nor planned;
- 54 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021


                   •   Exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources in the specific area have not led to the discovery of
                       commercially viable quantities of mineral resources and the entity has decided to discontinue such
                       activities in the specific area; or
                   •   Sufficient data exist to indicate that, although a development in the specific area is likely to proceed, the
                       carrying amount of the exploration and evaluation asset is unlikely to be recovered in full from successful
                       development or by sale.

               For the purpose of impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that
               generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or
               groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”).

               An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its
               recoverable amount. A cash-generating unit is the smallest identifiable asset group that generates cash flows that
               largely are independent from other assets and groups. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss.
               Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated to reduce the carrying amount of
               the assets in the unit (group of units) on a pro rata basis.

               The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less
               costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using
               a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
               to the asset.

         (q)   Exploration and evaluation expenditure
               Exploration and evaluation costs, including the costs of acquiring licences, are capitalised as exploration and
               evaluation assets on an area of interest basis. Costs incurred before the Consolidated Entity has obtained the legal
               rights to explore an area are recognised in the profit or loss.

               Exploration and evaluation assets are only recognised if the rights of the area of interest are current and either:

                   •   the expenditures are expected to be recouped through successful development and exploitation of the
                       area of interest or alternatively by its sale; or
                   •   activities in the area of interest have not at the reporting date, reached a stage which permits a
                       reasonable assessment of the existence or otherwise of economically recoverable reserves and active
                       and significant operations in, or in relation to, the area of interest are continuing.

               Exploration and evaluation assets are assessed for impairment when facts and circumstances suggest that the
               carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount. For the purposes of impairment testing, exploration and
               evaluation assets are allocated to cash-generating units to which the exploration activity related. The cash
               generating unit shall not be larger than the area of interest.

               Once the technical feasibility and commercial viability of the extraction of mineral resources in an area of interest
               are demonstrable, exploration and evaluation assets attributable to that area of interest are first tested for
               impairment and then reclassified from intangible assets to mining property and development assets within
               property, plant and equipment.

         (r)   Going concern
               The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of accounting principles applicable to a
               “going concern” which assumes the Consolidated Entity will continue in operation for the foreseeable future and
               will be able to realise its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of operations.

               The Consolidated Entity currently has no source of operating cash inflows, other than interest income, and has
               incurred net cash outflows from operating and investing activities for the year ended 30 June 2021 of $3,926,612
               (2020: $3,203,201).


         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021                                    - 55 -


      At 30 June 2021, the Consolidated Entity had cash balances of $3,930,780 (2020: $830,958) and net working
      capital (current assets less current liabilities) of $3,645,266 (2020: $611,886).

      The Consolidated Entity has the ability to seek to raise funds from shareholders or other investors and intends to
      raise such funds as and when required to complete its projects.

      The directors have prepared cash flow projections that support the ability of the Consolidated Entity to continue
      as a going concern. These cash flow projections assume the Consolidated Entity obtains sufficient additional
      funding from shareholders or other parties as required to meet its objectives. If such funding is not achieved, the
      Consolidated Entity plans to reduce expenditure significantly, which may result in an impairment loss on the book
      value of exploration and evaluation expenditure recorded at reporting date.

      In addition, during the reporting period the outbreak of what is known as the COVID-19 pandemic continued to
      spread, resulting in significant volatility with worldwide economies as well as there being Government imposed
      social distancing guidelines. Given the stage of the pandemic, the Company is not in a position to reliably estimate
      this future impact.

      These conditions give rise to a material uncertainty that may cast doubt upon the Consolidated Entity’s ability to
      continue as a going concern. The ongoing operation of the Consolidated Entity is dependent upon:

            •    The Consolidated Entity raising additional funding from shareholders or other parties; and/or
            •    The Consolidated Entity reducing expenditure in line with available funding.

      In the longer term, the development of economically recoverable mineral deposits found on the Consolidated
      Entity’s existing or future exploration properties depends on the ability of the Consolidated Entity to obtain
      financing through equity financing, debt financing or other means. If the Consolidated Entity’s exploration
      programs are ultimately successful, additional funds will be required to develop the Consolidated Entity’s
      properties and to place them into commercial production. The ability of the Consolidated Entity to arrange such
      funding in the future will depend in part upon the prevailing capital market conditions as well as the business
      performance of the Consolidated Entity. There can be no assurance that the Consolidated Entity will be successful
      in its efforts to arrange additional financing, if needed, on terms satisfactory to the Consolidated Entity. If
      adequate financing is not available, the Consolidated Entity may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or
      eliminate its current or future exploration activities or relinquish rights to certain of its interests. Failure to obtain
      additional financing on a timely basis could cause the Consolidated Entity to forfeit its interests in some or all of
      its properties and reduce or terminate its operations.

(s)   Government Grants
      Government grants are assistance by government in the form of transfers of resources to an entity in return for
      past or future compliance with certain conditions relating to the operating activities of the entity.

      Government grants are recognised at fair value when there is reasonable assurance that the Company will comply
      with the conditions attaching to them and the grants will be received. Fair value is the amount for which an asset
      could be exchanged between a buyer in an arm’s length transaction.

      Government grants are presented separately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Grants in recognition
      of specific expenses are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the same period.

(t)   Discontinued Operations
      A discontinued operation is a component of the consolidated entity that has been disposed of or is classified as
      held for sale and that represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations, is part of a
      single coordinated plan to dispose of such a line of business or area of operations, or is a subsidiary acquired
      exclusively with a view to resale. The results of discontinued operations are presented separately on the face of
      the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
- 56 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021


         2.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
         (a)   Overview
               The Consolidated Entity has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments:

                       •   Credit risk
                       •   Liquidity risk
                       •   Market risk
               This note presents information about the Consolidated Entity’s exposure to each of the above risks, its objectives,
               policies and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the management of capital. Further quantitative
               disclosures are included throughout this financial report.

               The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the risk management
               framework and policies. The board oversees the establishment, implementation and regular review of the
               Consolidated Entity’s risk management system and to this end has adopted risk management policies to protect
               the assets and undertakings of the Consolidated Entity.

               Risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Consolidated Entity, to set
               appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management policies and
               systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Consolidated Entity’s activities

               The Board oversees how management monitors compliance with the Consolidated Entity’s risk management
               policies and procedures and reviews the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risks
               faced by the Consolidated Entity.

               Financial risk is managed by Chief Executive Officer and overviewed by the Board.

         (b)   Credit risk
               Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Consolidated Entity if a customer or counterparty to a financial
               instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations. The Consolidated Entity’s exposure to credit risk is minimal
               other than those exposures with respect to credit risk set out in Note 17.

         (c)   Liquidity risk
               Liquidity risk is the risk that the Consolidated Entity will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall
               due. The Consolidated Entity’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always
               have sufficient cash to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring
               unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Consolidated Entity’s reputation. The Consolidated Entity monitors
               its cash holdings on a regular basis in relation to actual cash flows, financial obligations and planned activities in
               order to manage liquidity risk.

         (d)   Market risk
               Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and equity
               prices, will affect the Consolidated Entity’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The
               objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable
               parameters, while optimising the return.

               The Consolidated Entity is exposed to currency risk on purchases that are denominated in a currency other than
               the respective functional currencies of its subsidiaries, which are the Australian dollar (AUD), the Mexican peso
               (MXP), the Laos Kip (LAK), the New Zealand Dollar (NZD) and the Chilean Peso (CLP). The currencies in which these
               transactions primarily are denominated are AUD, MXP, LAK, NZD and CLP, while a significant amount of
               transactions are also denominated in the United States dollar (USD). The Consolidated Entity seeks to minimise
               its exposure to currency risk by monitoring exchange rates and entering into foreign currency transactions that
               maximise the Consolidated Entity’s position. The Consolidated Entity does not presently enter into hedging



         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021                                 - 57 -


      arrangements to hedge its currency risk. All foreign currency transactions are entered into at spot rates. The Board
      considers this policy appropriate, taking into account the Consolidated Entity’s size, current stage of operations,
      financial position and the Board’s approach to risk management.

(e)   Capital management
      The Board’s policy is to maintain a sufficient capital base so as to maintain investor, creditor and market
      confidence and to sustain future development of the business. The Board considers current cash reserves, aged
      payables and other current liabilities and short term receivables in its assessment of capital for the Consolidated
      Entity’s operations. Given the Consolidated Entity’s current stage of operations and financial position the Board
      is focused on investment of available capital in the Consolidated Entity’s operations.

      Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements.


3.    NET FINANCING INCOME/ (EXPENSE)
                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                     2021             2020
                                                                                                        $                $
        Interest income                                                                             1,027              897
        Financing income                                                                            1,027              897

        Foreign exchange loss                                                                    (17,940)           (9,755)
        Financing expense                                                                        (17,940)           (9,755)
        Net financing (expense)/income                                                           (16,913)           (8,858)



4.    PERSONNEL EXPENSES
                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                      2021          2020
                                                                                                         $             $
        Non-executive Directors' Fees                                                             190,358        260,171
        Salaries and wages                                                                        360,893        171,809
        Superannuation contributions                                                                24,400        47,845
        Share based payments                                                                      (35,713)        85,901
        Total personnel expenses                                                                  539,938        565,726



5.    AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                    2021         2020
                                                                                                       $            $
       Audit services
       Audit and review of financial reports - KPMG                                                92,500          80,230
                                                                                                   92,500          80,230
       Other services
       Taxation compliance services - KPMG                                                          7,000           6,210
                                                                                                    7,000           6,210
- 58 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021


         6.    TAXATION
                Numerical reconciliation of income tax benefit
               (a) Income tax benefit recognised in the income statement
                                                                                                           Consolidated
                                                                                                           2021           2020
                                                                                                               $              $
                Loss before tax                                                                      (2,367,702)    (1,322,615)
                Income tax using domestic corporation tax rate 27.50%                                  (710,311)      (396,785)
                Increase/(decrease) in tax benefit due to:
                Sundry items                                                                            (20,122)        (16,975)
                Share based payments                                                                      (9,821)         23,623
                Difference in tax rate in foreign jurisdictions                                        (202,948)         (8,019)
                Deferred tax assets not brought to account                                               943,202        498,156
                Income tax benefit on continuing operations                                                     -              -

               (b) Unrecognised deferred tax assets
               Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items because it is not probable that
               future taxable profit will be available from which the Consolidated Entity can utilise the benefits:
                                                                                                              Consolidated
                                                                                                            2021            2020
                                                                                                               $               $
                Deductible temporary differences                                                       1,491,000         704,000
                Tax Losses                                                                             4,196,734       2,613,424
                Capital Losses                                                                           224,143         224,143
                                                                                                       5,911,877       3,541,567

               (c) Expiry of tax losses
               The foreign tax losses have expiry dates under current tax legislation.

               At 30 June 2021, the Consolidated Entity has income tax loss carry forward amounts expiring as follows:
                                         Australia        Mexico New Zealand               Laos         Chile           Total
                                                 $               $               $            $             $               $
                 2024                            -         13,603                 -           -             -          13,603
                 2025                            -             38                 -           -             -              38
                 2026                            -         22,629                 -           -             -          22,629
                 2027                            -         70,066                 -           -             -          70,066
                 2028                            -         71,077                 -           -             -          71,077
                 2029                            -              -                 -           -             -               -
                 2030                            -         76,121                 -           -             -          76,121
                 2031                            -        326,478                 -           -             -         326,478
                 2032                            -         11,560                 -           -             -          11,560
                 Does not expire        2,347,862                 -     1,257,301             -             -       3,605,163
                 30 June 2021           2,347,862        591,572        1,257,301             -             -       4,196,735

                 30 June 2020            1,972,008         505,098                 -     89,692        46,626       2,613,424




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021                                    - 59 -



     (d) Recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities
     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:
      Consolidated                             Assets                      Liabilities                           Net
                                             2021         2020            2021            2020               2021          2020
      Exploration expenditure                   -            -                -              -                  -             -
      Other items                               -            -                -         24,000                  -        24,000
      Tax loss carry-forwards                   -     (24,000)                -              -                  -      (24,000)
      Tax (assets) liabilities                  -     (24,000)                -         24,000                  -             -
      Set off of tax                            -       24,000                -       (24,000)                  -             -
      Net tax (assets) liabilities              -            -                -              -                  -             -


7.   LOSS PER SHARE
     Basic and diluted loss per share
     The calculation of basic and diluted loss per share at 30 June 2021 was based on the loss attributable to ordinary
     shareholders of $6,352,848 (2020: $1,465,806) and a weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
     during the financial year ended 30 June 2021 of 88,319,000 (2020: 1,800,322,000), calculated as follows:

                                                                                                  Consolidated
       Reconciliation of earnings used in the calculation of loss per share
                                                                                                      2021               2020*
       Loss from continuing operations used in calculation of basic and
       diluted loss per share – continuing operations                                       $2,367,705             $1,359,980
       Loss attributed to ordinary shareholders used in the calculation of
       basic and diluted loss per share                                                     $6,352,848             $1,465,806

       *Comparative information has been re-presented due to discontinued operations – see note 13.

                                                                                                  Consolidated
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                                                                                                    No (‘000)
                                                                                                  2021                   2020*

       Issued ordinary shares at 1 July                                                          38,344                  9,646
       Effect of shares issued September 2019                                                         -                      -
       Effect of shares issued December 2019                                                          -                 16,073
       Effect of shares issued November 2020                                                     49,975                      -
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 30 June                                     88,319                 25,719
       *Restated to reflect 1:70 share consolidation in October 2020.

8.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                      2021                2020
                                                                                                         $                   $
       Current
       Other receivables                                                                           6,741                16,054
       GST Receivable                                                                             56,275                 9,630
                                                                                                  63,016                25,684
       Non-current
       Other receivables                                                                                 -               1,350
- 60 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021


         9.    EQUITY-ACCOUNTED INVESTEES
                                                                                         30 June 2021                30 June 2020
                                                                                                    $                           $
                 Interests in associate – Southern Gold (Asia) Pty Ltd                        200,000                   1,325,330

                 On 17 July 2019, the Consolidated Entity announced that it had signed an agreement with Mekong Minerals
                 Limited (‘Mekong’) to purchase Mekong’s 75% interest in the Sayabouly Project in Laos and two Cambodian gold
                 projects in which Mekong held farmed out interests. The transaction with Mekong completed on 9 December
                 2019, with consideration for the transaction being the issue of 648,721,076 fully paid ordinary shares (to be
                 distributed to Mekong Shareholders) and 45,862,352 options to Mekong option holders (share and option
                 numbers as noted are pre 1:70 share consolidation completed 27 October 2020) and reimbursement of $210,000
                 to Mekong for exploration expenses.

                 Upon completion of the transaction, the Consolidated Entity acquired 100% of the ordinary share capital in two
                 companies, Southern Gold (Asia) Pty Ltd (equity accounted associate) and Dominion Metals Pty Ltd (a controlled
                 entity), refer note 11.

                 Southern Gold (Asia) Pty Ltd (“SGA”, an associate) holds the interests in the Cambodian gold projects. SGA is a
                 party to an unincorporated joint venture agreement with Southern Gold Limited (SGL) in respect of two
                 Cambodian Exploration Licences (CELs). Pursuant to the agreement, SGA has a 85% unincorporated joint venture
                 interest in the CELs, with SGL having 15% interest which is free carried until completion of a feasibility study.

                 SGA has also entered into a farm-out and incorporated joint venture agreement with Renaissance Cambodia Pty
                 Ltd (Renaissance) (the “Farm-Out Agreement”). Under the Farm Out Agreement Renaissance will manage SGA
                 and sole fund US$0.5million of exploration expenditure on each of the CELs in order to earn a 30% shareholding
                 in SGA. After earning the 30% shareholding, Renaissance can elect to sole fund a further US$1.0million of
                 exploration expenditure on each of the CELs over the following two years and increase its shareholding in SGA
                 to 60%.

                 When Renaissance has earned a 60% shareholding in SGA, the Consolidated Entity may elect to either contribute
                 to further exploration activities on the CELs and maintain its 40% shareholding in SGA, or alternatively elect not
                 to contribute, in which case Renaissance may earn a further 25% shareholding in SGA by continuing to manage
                 SGA and funding completion of a definitive feasibility study. During the definitive feasibility study period the
                 Consolidated Entity interests would be free carried.

                 At 30 June 2021 Renaissance is earning, but has yet to earn, a shareholding in SGA. Under the Farm-out
                 Agreement the Consolidated Entity currently retains 100% of equity in SGA but has given control of the entity to
                 Renaissance whilst retaining significant influence through representation on the board of Southern Gold (Asia)
                 Pty Ltd.
                                                                                        30 June 2021              30 June 2020
                                                                                                    $                           $
                 Percentage ownership interest                                                  100%                       100%

                 Non-current assets                                                          2,703,839                  2,159,406
                 Current assets                                                                138,807                    287,519
                 Non-current liabilities                                                                                         -
                 Current liabilities                                                           (73,075)                    (3,761)
                 Net assets (100%)                                                           2,769,571                  2,443,164
                 Consolidated entity’s share of net assets                                       100%                       100%
                 Carrying amount of interest in associate 1, 2                                 200,000                  1,325,330

                  Revenue                                                                            -                           -
                  Loss from continuing operations (100%)                                      (36,478)                    (28,507)
                  Total comprehensive income/(loss) (100%)                                    (36,478)                    (28,507)
                  Consolidated entity’s share of total comprehensive
                 income/(loss)                                                                (36,478)                    (28,507)


         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021                                           - 61 -

        1.   In accordance with the Farm-Out Agreement, Renaissance is earning a possible 30% interest in SGA through sole funding of
             exploration which is being recognised in equity of SGA. Santana Minerals Limited does not currently recognise any share of this
             increase in equity of SGA.
        2.
             During the reporting period, the Consolidated Entity assessed its capitalised value of the equity accounted investee for
             impairment in light of the exploration results and recorded an impairment loss of $1,088,852 in relation to the Cambodian
             project. Recoverable amount is estimated based on the expected proceeds in an orderly disposal and a non-binding indicative
             offer from an unrelated party, being fair value less cost of disposal (level 3 fair value).


10.     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                     Fixtures &             Plant &
                                                                                           Motor Vehicles               Total
                                                        Fittings         Equipment
                                                               $                  $                         $                $
 Costs
 Balance at 1 July 2019                                  11,614               21,774                 34,972           68,360
 Acquisitions                                                 -                     -                      -                -
 Disposals                                                    -                     -                      -                -
 Effect of movements in foreign exchange                  (939)               (3,186)                (5,118)          (9,243)
 Balance at 30 June 2020                                 10,675               18,588                 29,854           59,117


 Balance at 1 July 2020                                  10,675               18,588                  29,854          59,117
 Acquisitions                                                 -               69,597                       -          69,597
 Disposals                                                    -                    -                       -               -
 Effect of movements in foreign exchange                    332                1,128                   1,812           3,272
 Balance at 30 June 2021                                 11,007               89,313                  31,666         131,986



 Depreciation and
 impairment losses
 Balance at 1 July 2019                                  (8,359)             (10,650)               (17,705)         (36,714)
 Depreciation charge for the year                        (1,215)              (4,176)                (7,545)         (12,936)
 Disposals                                                     -                    -                      -                -
 Effect of movements in foreign exchange                     780                2,017                  3,419            6,216
 Balance at 30 June 2020                                 (8,794)             (12,809)               (21,831)         (43,434)


 Balance at 1 July 2020                                  (8,794)             (12,809)               (21,831)         (43,434)
 Depreciation charge for the year                         (988)              (10,802)                (6,860)         (18,650)
 Disposals                                                    -                     -                      -                -
 Effect of movements in foreign exchange                  (305)                 (924)                (1,590)          (2,819)
 Balance at 30 June 2021                               (10,087)              (24,535)               (30,281)         (64,903)


 Carrying amounts
 At 30 June 2020                                           1,881                5,779                  8,023           15,683


 At 30 June 2021                                             920              64,778                   1,385           67,083
- 62 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021


         11.   EXPLORATION AND EVALUATION EXPENDITURE
                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                    2021                   2020
                                                                                                       $                          $
                   Capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure
                   Exploration and evaluation phase – at cost
                   Chile - Becker                                                                      -                975,856
                   Mexico - Cuitaboca                                                          3,907,438              3,478,935
                   Laos - Sayabouly                                                                    -              2,118,880
                   Bendigo-Ophir – New Zealand                                                 8,931,193                      -
                                                                                              12,838,631              6,573,671
                   Reconciliations
                   Chile – Becker (discontinued operation)
                   Opening balance at beginning of year                                           975,856               877,500
                   Expenditure for the year                                                             -               256,014
                   Impairment                                                                 (1,007,943)                     -
                   Effect of foreign exchange movement                                             32,087             (157,658)
                   Closing balance at end of year                                                       -               975,856
                   Mexico – Cuitaboca
                   Opening balance at beginning of year                                        3,478,935              3,902,925
                   Expenditure for the year                                                      217,408                147,147
                   Impairment                                                                          -                      -
                   Effect of foreign exchange movement                                           211,095              (571,137)
                   Closing balance at end of year                                              3,907,438              3,478,935
                   Laos – Sayabouly (discontinued operation)
                   Opening balance at beginning of year                                         2,118,880                     -
                   Fair value at acquisition                                                            -               859,326
                   Expenditure for the year                                                       298,091             1,274,340
                   Impairment                                                                 (2,076,047)
                   Effect of foreign exchange movement                                          (340,924)               (14,786)
                   Closing balance at end of year                                                       -             2,118,880
                   Bendigo-Ophir – New Zealand
                   Opening balance at beginning of year                                                 -                         -
                   Fair value at acquisition                                                   7,255,913                          -
                   Expenditure for the year                                                    1,746,768                          -
                   Effect of foreign exchange movement                                           (71,488)                         -
                   Closing balance at end of year                                              8,931,193                          -

                Becker, Chile (discontinued operation)
                On 4 June 2018 the Consolidated Entity announced that it had completed a share purchase agreement for the
                acquisition of the Becker Project by acquiring 100% of the shares in Carlin Resources Pty Ltd (‘Carlin’), which
                holds rights to earn into the Becker Project.

                During the reporting period, the Consolidated Entity assessed its capitalised exploration and evaluation
                expenditure assets for impairment and recorded an impairment loss of $1,007,943 in relation to the Becker
                Project. The impairment follows the Consolidated Entity’s analysis of results of drilling and assay in light of
                current and forecast commodity prices. Based on this analysis the Consolidated Entity has subsequently
                withdrawn from the Joint Venture and retains no further interest in the Becker Project.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021                                - 63 -


Cuitaboca Project, Mexico
On 29 July 2014 the Consolidated Entity announced that it had entered into agreements allowing it to earn 80%
of the Cuitaboca Project located in the State of Sinaloa, Mexico. Under the terms of the agreements, the
Consolidated Entity made an initial payment of A$100,000 and committed to meeting 100% of expenditure,
thereby providing the Consolidated Entity with management of the Cuitaboca Project through an initial 100%
ownership of Minera Cuitaboca S.A. de C.V. (Project Company). The Project Company has the right to acquire
the Cuitaboca Project mining concessions under an option agreement (Concession Option Agreement) with
Consorcio Minero Latinoamericano S.A. de C.V (Concession Holder). The Concession Option Agreement provides
that the Project Company can acquire a 100% interest in the mining concessions from the Concession Holder by
paying option fees totalling US$3,500,000, with those option fees payable on a six monthly basis. A balance of
US$2,825,168 in option fees remains payable by the Project Company to the Concession Holder as at 30 June
2021. The Consolidated Entity is required to meet all expenditure during the term of the Concession Option
Agreement (including option fees which the Project Company has agreed to pay the Concession Holder,
concession rentals plus exploration expenditure as the Consolidated Entity determines) with the Vendors free
carried. Once the Concession Option Agreement is completed the expenditure and ownership of the Project
Company will revert to 80% Consolidated Entity 20% Vendors. The Consolidated Entity retains the right to
withdraw from the Cuitaboca Project at any time without making the recurring option payments.

Sayabouly Project, Laos (discontinued operation)
On 17 July 2019, the Consolidated Entity announced that it had signed an agreement with Mekong Minerals
Limited (‘Mekong’) to purchase Mekong’s 75% interest in the Sayabouly Project in Laos and two Cambodian gold
projects in which Mekong held farmed out interests. The transaction with Mekong completed on 9 December
2019. This transaction was accounted for as an acquisition of assets, not a business combination.

Upon completion of the transaction, the Consolidated Entity acquired 100% of the ordinary share capital in two
companies, Southern Gold (Asia) Pty Ltd (refer note 9) and Dominion Metals Pty Ltd. Dominion Metals Pty Ltd
held a 75% interest in the Sayabouly Project, with joint venture parties of the other 25% free carried to
completion of a feasibility study.

During the reporting period the Consolidated Entity assessed its capitalised exploration and evaluation
expenditure assets for impairment based its understanding of exploration information for the area of interest
and recorded an impairment loss of $2,076,047 in relation to the Sayabouly Project, reducing the carrying value
to nil.

In March 2021 the Consolidated Entity sold Dominion Metals Pty Ltd. The transaction provides for cash
reimbursement of US$152,640 licence fees upon renewal and extension of the Sayabouly licence concession on
terms satisfactory to the purchaser and cash consideration of A$200,000 payable based on a percentage of
exploration costs over 18 months. In addition, the Company is entitled to receive a net smelter royalty calculated
at a rate of 0.75% capped at A$5M. The Consolidated Entity has not yet recognised the reimbursement of licence
fees or the cash consideration as all amounts payable by the purchaser are only payable upon the licence
renewal and extension on terms satisfactory to the purchaser acting reasonably. At the date of this report there
remains uncertainty regarding the licence renewal and extension.

Bendigo-Ophir Project, New Zealand
On 3 November 2020, the Consolidated Entity announced that it had completed a share purchase agreement
for the acquisition of the Bendigo Ophir Project by acquiring 100% of the shares in Matakanui Gold Limited
(‘MGL’), which holds 100% of the Bendigo-Ophir Project.

This transaction has been accounted for as an acquisition of assets, not a business combination. At completion
the Consolidated Entity issued 38,189,017 fully paid ordinary shares to MGL’s former shareholders as
consideration for the acquisition.

The project is subject to a 1.5% NSR on all production. The NSR Agreement provides that a minimum of $3m is
to be spend on exploration on the project within 2 years following completion of the Acquisition, which occurred
on 2 November 2020.
- 64 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021


         12.   CAPITAL AND RESERVES
               (a) Ordinary shares issued
                The Company does not have authorised capital or par value in respect of its issued shares. All issued shares are
                fully paid. Ordinary shareholders have the right to receive dividends as declared and, in the event of winding up
                of the Company, to participate in the proceeds from the sale of all surplus assets in proportion to the number of
                and amounts paid up on shares held. Ordinary shares entitle their holder to one vote, either in person or by
                proxy, at a meeting of the Company.

                The Company recorded the following amounts within shareholders’ equity as a result of having issued ordinary
                 shares.
                                                                         Number of             Issue price           Share capital
                 30 June 2021
                                                                    ordinary shares                $                                $
                 Balance at 1 July 2020                              2,683,945,564                                     35,071,891
                 Share consolidation October 2020 (1:70)            (2,645,601,945)                                                 -
                 Share issue November 2020 (cash)                       37,500,000                0.20                  7,500,000
                 Share issue November 2020 (non-cash)                   38,189,017                0.19                  7,255,913
                 Share issue costs                                                 -                                  (1,047,881)
                 Balance at 30 June 2021 – fully paid                  114,032,636                                     48,779,923


                                                                         Number of             Issue price           Share capital
                 30 June 2020
                                                                    ordinary shares                $                                $
                 Balance at 1 July 2019                                675,199,487                                     29,299,538
                 Share Issue 19 September 2019 (cash)                        24,991               0.03                        750
                 Share issue 9 December 2019 (non-cash)                648,721,076               0.003                  1,946,163
                 Share issue 9 December 2019 (cash)                  1,360,000,010               0.003                  4,080,000
                 Share issue costs                                                 -                                    (254,560)
                 Balance at 30 June 2020 – fully paid                2,683,945,564                                     35,071,891


               (b) Options over ordinary shares
                The Company has issued the following options over ordinary shares:

                                                                                       Number of options      Number of options
                                                                                                   2021                   2020

                 Employee share options – see Note 16                                                    -           106,500,000
                 Options issued as part of Mekong Transaction – Dec 2019                                 -            45,862,352
                 Options issued as part of the Matakanui Transaction – Nov 2020                  3,420,930                     -
                 Total options over ordinary shares currently issued                             3,420,930           152,362,352
                 Reconciliation
                 Total options over ordinary shares – 1 July                                   152,362,352           116,919,414
                 Options issued as part of Mekong Transaction – Dec 2019                                  -           45,862,352
                 Options issued under Employee Share Plan - Dec 2019                                      -          100,000,000
                 Options exercised during the year                                                        -              (24,991)
                 Share consolidation October 2020 (1:70)                                     (143,778,584)                      -
                 Options lapsed during the year                                                 (8,583,768)        (110,394,423)
                 Options issued November 2020                                                     3,420,930                     -
                 Total options over ordinary shares – 30 June                                     3,420,930          152,362,352




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021                               - 65 -


      (c) Nature and purpose of reserves
       Foreign currency translation reserve
       The foreign currency translation reserve comprises all foreign currency differences arising from translation of
       the financial statements of foreign operations.

13.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
      Each area of interest represents an operating segment, however for reporting purposes areas of interest are
      aggregated where they are located in the same region and relate to the exploration of similar commodities. The
      Consolidated Entity’s current areas of interest relate to the exploration of precious metals in Laos, Mexico, New
      Zealand and Chile and are therefore reported as separate segments. In reviewing segment results the Chief
      Executive Officer and Board consider total expenditure on exploration and evaluation activities (expensed and
      capitalised) and results of such activities.
                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                                   2021             2020
                                                                                                       $               $
       Mexico
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure expensed in profit or loss                       188,151           142,229
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure capitalised – see note 11                        217,408           147,147
       Total exploration and evaluation expenditure                                            405,559           289,376

       Impairment losses on exploration and evaluation assets                                       -                -
       Exploration and evaluation assets at 30 June                                         3,907,438        3,478,935

       New Zealand
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure expensed in profit or loss                            -                  -
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure capitalised – see note 11                     1,746,768                  -
       Total exploration and evaluation expenditure                                         1,746,768                  -

       Impairment losses on exploration and evaluation assets                                       -                  -
       Exploration and evaluation assets at 30 June                                         8,931,193                  -

       Chile (discontinued operation)
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure expensed in profit or loss                      109,655           20,252
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure capitalised – see note 11                             -          256,014
       Total exploration and evaluation expenditure                                           109,655          276,266

       Impairment loss on exploration and evaluation assets                                 1,007,943                -
       Exploration and evaluation assets at 30 June                                                 -          975,856

       Impairment loss on exploration and evaluation assets                                 1,007,943                 -
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure expensed in profit or loss                      109,655            20,252
       Foreign currency translation differences transferred from reserves                     139,404                 -
       Tax expense/(benefit)                                                                        -                 -
       Loss from discontinued operation                                                     1,257,002            20,252

       Laos (discontinued operation)
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure expensed in profit or loss                      282,180           85,574
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure capitalised – see note 11                       298,091        1,274,340
       Total exploration and evaluation expenditure                                           580,271        1,359,914

       Exploration and evaluation assets at 30 June                                                   -      2,118,880
- 66 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021


                                                                                                                                Consolidated
                                                                                                                                 2021                  2020
                                                                                                                                    $                     $
                Laos (discontinued operation) – continued
                Impairment loss on exploration and evaluation assets                                                       2,076,047                     -
                Exploration and evaluation expenditure expensed in profit or loss                                            282,180                85,574
                Foreign currency translation differences transferred from reserves                                           369,917                     -
                Tax expense/(benefit)                                                                                              -                     -
                Loss from discontinued operation                                                                           2,728,144                85,574

                Cash used in discontinued operation:
                Net cash used in operating activities                                                                      (391,835)            (105,826)
                Net cash using in investing activities                                                                     (298,091)          (1,530,354)
                Net cash flow for the year                                                                                 (689,926)          (1,636,180)

                                                                                                                                 2021                  2020
                                                                                                                                 cents                 cents
                Loss per share for discontinued operations – basic and diluted                                                  (4.51)                (0.41)

                During the reporting period the consolidated entity sold Dominion Metals Pty Ltd, a subsidiary of Santana
                Minerals Limited which indirectly owned the Sayabouly Project. The Sayabouly Project was the sole project in
                Laos and has been recognised as a discontinued operation with the above amounts separately disclosed
                throughout this report. Further, during the reporting period, the consolidated entity has withdrawn from the
                Becker project in Chile, which is also separately disclosed as a discontinued operation.

         14.   COMMITMENTS
               The Consolidated Entity does not have any contracted expenditure commitments at reporting date (2020: nil).

         15.   CONSOLIDATED ENTITIES
                                                                          Country of Incorporation             Ordinary Shares Percentage Owned
                                                                                                                          2021              2020
                 Parent Entity
                 Santana Minerals Limited                                                      Australia
                 Subsidiaries
                 Namiquipa Pty Ltd                                                           Australia                          100                      100
                 Espiritu Santo Pty Ltd                                                      Australia                          100                      100
                 Texrise Pty Ltd                                                             Australia                          100                      100
                 Cuitaboca Pty Ltd                                                           Australia                          100                      100
                 Carlin Resources Pty Ltd                                                    Australia                          100                      100
                 Dominion Metals Pty Ltd 1                                                   Australia                            -                      100
                 Administración Integral Ceresour SA de CV                                     Mexico                           100                      100
                 Minera Cuitaboca SA de CV                                                     Mexico                           100                      100
                 Minera Antoinetta SA de CV                                                    Mexico                           100                      100
                 Minera Carlin Chile SpA 2                                                      Chile                             -                      100
                 Carlin Resources Chile SpA 2                                                   Chile                             -                      100
                 Dominion Lao Co Limited 1                                                       Laos                             -                      100
                 Matakanui Gold Limited 3                                                 New Zealand                           100                        -
                  1 During the reporting period the Consolidated Entity completed the disposal of the Sayabouly Project in Laos by way of sale of the project
                  entities. (see notes 11).
                  2 During the reporting period the Consolidated Entity withdrew from the Carlin Joint Venture and has also subsequently disposed of the
                  Chile Subsidiaries (see note 11)
                  3 During the reporting period the Consolidated Entity completed the acquisition of the Bendigo-Ophir Project in New Zealand, through
                  acquisition of Matakanui Gold Limited.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021                                            - 67 -


16.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

      Employee share option program
      In 2013, the Company, Santana Minerals Limited, established an employee share option program that entitles key
      management personnel and senior employees to purchase shares in the Company. Each option is exercisable to
      acquire one ordinary share of the Company.

      In 2013, 2016, 2017 and the 2020 year, grants were offered to these groups of Santana Minerals Limited
      employees. In accordance with these programs, options are exercisable at the exercise price determined at the
      date of grant.

      During the current period all options granted under the employee share option plan either lapsed or were
      forfeited.

      The terms and conditions of the employee share option grants made under the employee share option program
      and in existence during 30 June 2021 were as follows.

             Grant date        Entitlement                        Number of    Vesting conditions                        Contractual life
                                                                instruments *
              23.03.2017   Senior Employees                         5,000,000 Immediately upon grant                       40 months
              23.03.2017   Key management
                           personnel                                1,500,000       Immediately upon grant                 40 months
              09.12.2019 Key management                            25,000,000       12 months from grant                   36 months
                           personnel (tranche 1)
              09.12.2019 Key management                            25,000,000       18 months from grant                   36 months
                           personnel (tranche 1)
              09.12.2019 Key management                            25,000,000       18 months from grant                   48 months
                           personnel (tranche 2)
              09.12.2019 Key management                            25,000,000       24 months from grant                   48 months
                           personnel (tranche 2)
              Total employee share options                        106,500,000
      *On 27 October 2020 the Company completed a 1:70 share consolidation. This information is presented on a pre-consolidation basis.


      All employee share options are exercisable at any time after the vesting date and before the expiry date to acquire
      one fully paid ordinary share. Where the employment or office of the option holder is terminated, any options
      which have not reached their vesting date will lapse and any options which have reached their vesting date may
      be exercised within two months from the date of termination of employment.

      The number and weighted average exercise price of options is as follows.

                                                     Weighted average             Number of        Weighted average               Number of
                                                         exercise price             options            exercise price               options
                                                                  2021                2021                      2020                  2020
         Employee Share Options
         Outstanding at 1 July                                     0.0124       106,500,000                         0.08          6,500,000
         Consolidation of options (1:70)                            0.868       (98,571,428)                           -                  -
         Lapsed during the period                                   0.868        (7,928,572)                           -                  -
         Granted during the period                                      -                  -                       0.008        100,000,000
         Outstanding at 30 June                                            -                   -                 0.0124         106,500,000
         Exercisable at 30 June                                            -                   -                    0.08           6,500,000
- 68 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021


               There were no employee share options outstanding at 30 June 2021. The employee share options outstanding at
               30 June 2020 had a weighted average exercise price of $0.0124 and a weighted average contractual life of 2.94
               years.

               The fair value of employee share options is measured at grant date and recognised as an expense over the period
               during which the key management personnel and senior employees become unconditionally entitled to the
               options. The fair value of the options granted is measured using Black-Scholes formulas, taking into account the
               terms and conditions upon which the options were granted. The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to
               reflect the actual number of options that vest.

               The fair value of employee share options has been calculated with the following inputs:

                                  Fair value at       Share price*          Exercise          Expected         Option       Expected          Risk-free
                                  grant date*              $                 Price*           volatility        Life        dividends       interest rate
                                        $                                       $                %             Years            %                 %
                23.03.2017            0.027               0.039               0.08              134             3.3              -              1.99
                09.12.2019
                (Tranche 1)           0.0020              0.003              0.006               136             2.96             -                0.77
                09.12.2019
                (Tranche 2)           0.0022              0.003              0.010               141             3.96             -                0.83

               *On 27 October 2020 the Company completed a 1:70 share consolidation. This information is presented on a pre-consolidation basis.

               Expected volatility was calculated using standard deviation based on historic data of listed companies on the
               Australian Securities Exchange operating in a similar industry to the Company and the Company over the term of
               the option.

               Other share-based payment transactions
               From time to time the Consolidated Entity may settle payment for services received from non-employees by way
               of issuing shares in lieu of settlement by cash. The following non-employee transactions have been settled by
               issuing of shares:
                                                                                                        Consolidated
                                                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                                                       $             $
                 December 2019 – 648,721,076 shares and 45,862,352 options issued in
                 settlement of the acquisition of the Laos and Cambodian Projects – refer note 11            -   1,946,163
                 November 2020 – 3,420,930 options issued to brokers as part of the completion
                 of the capital raising for the Matakanui transaction                                573,682               -
                                                                                                     573,682     1,946,163
                  Expenses arising from share-based payment transactions
                  During the year options issued to Mr Pike either lapsed or will not vest and resulted in a reversal of prior
                  recognised share-based payment expenses of $35,713. During the prior year, total compensation arising from
                  employee share based payment transactions recognised as part of share-based remuneration expense was
                  $85,901.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021                                - 69 -


17.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      Exposure to credit risk, currency risk and liquidity risk arises in the normal course of the Consolidated Entity’s
      operations.

      Credit risk
      At the balance sheet date there were no significant concentrations of credit risk.

      The Consolidated Entity held cash and cash equivalents of $3,930,780 at 30 June 2021 (2020: of $830,958),
      which represents its maximum credit exposure on these assets. The cash and cash equivalents are held with
      bank and financial institution counterparties, which have a long term AA rating by Standard & Poor’s.

      The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each financial asset in the balance
      sheet.

      Interest rate risk
      The Consolidated Entity is exposed to interest rate risk through its holding of cash and cash equivalents. At 30
      June 2021 the weighted average interest rate on cash and cash equivalents was 0.25% (2020: 0.25%).

      Sensitivity analysis
      An increase of 50 basis points in interest rates would not have had a material impact on the Consolidated Entity’s
      profit or loss.

      Foreign currency risk
      The Consolidated Entity’s exposure to foreign currency risk at balance date was as follows, based on notional
      amounts:

        In AUD                                                                                  2021                 2020
                                                                                                   $                    $
        Cash and cash equivalents – USD                                                        7,302               82,696
        Trade and other payables (current) - USD                                                   -             (69,024)
        Net exposure                                                                           7,302               13,672
      The following significant exchange rates applied during the year:

                                                       Average rate                   Reporting date spot rate

          AUD                                          2021                2020                2021            2020
          MXP                                       15.5143             14.1045             14.9365         15.8428
          NZD                                           1.07                  -               1.075               -
          CLP                                        556.33              514.67              558.36          563.33
          LAK                                      6,986.32            5,715,50            7,032.90        6,086.43

      Sensitivity analysis
      A reasonably foreseeable movement in exchange rates would not have a material impact on the Consolidated
      Entity’s profit or loss.

      Liquidity risk
      At reporting date there were no significant concentrations of liquidity risk. The Consolidated Entity’s liquidity
      risk arises from its trade payables and other payables as presented in the statement of financial position at 30
      June 2021. The maturity of these payables is less than 12 months.

      Fair value
      The carrying amounts of the Consolidated Entity's financial assets and financial liabilities approximate their fair
      values at 30 June 2021.
- 70 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021


         18.   RECONCILIATION OF CASHFLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                      2021                2020
                                                                                                          $                   $
                 Net loss                                                                       (6,352,848)         (1,465,806)
                 Add/(less) non-cash items:
                 Depreciation                                                                         12,077                642
                 Share of loss of equity-accounted investees                                          36,478             28,507
                 Impairment of equity-accounted investees                                         1,088,852                   -
                 Loss from discontinued operation                                                 3,593,311                   -
                 Foreign exchange loss                                                                17,308             20,979
                 Share based payments                                                               (35,713)             85,901
                 (Increase)/decrease in receivables                                                 (24,544)            (8,211)
                 Increase/(decrease) in payables                                                    (17,115)             55,968
                 Increase/(decrease) in employee benefits                                           (29,473)            (6,603)
                 (Increase)/decrease in prepayments                                                  (7,106)                 63
                 Net cash used in operating activities                                          (1,718,773)         (1,288,560)

         19.   RELATED PARTIES
                Key management personnel disclosures
                The following were the key management personnel of the Consolidated Entity at any time during the reporting
                period and unless otherwise indicated were key management personnel for the entire period:

                Non-executive Directors
                Mr NA Seckold (Chairman)
                Mr FJ Bunting
                Mr WD Batt
                Mr AJ McDonald
                Mr AJ McClure (resigned 16 December 2020)

                Executive Director
                Mr RE Keevers

                Executives
                S Pike (Chief Executive Officer – resigned December 2020)
                CJ McPherson (Company Secretary)

                Key management personnel compensation disclosures
                The key management personnel compensation included in ‘personnel expenses’ is as follows:

                                                                                            Consolidated
                                                                                           2021                   2020
                                                                                               $                     $
                 Salaries and Fees                                                      351,717                354,909
                 Non-executive Directors’ fees                                          190,358                183,676
                 Share Based Payments                                                   (35,713)                85,901
                                                                                        506,362                624,486
               Information regarding individual directors and executives compensation is provided in the Remuneration
               Report section of the Directors’ Report.


         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021                      - 71 -


Loans to key management personnel and their related parties
The Consolidated Entity has not made any loans directly or indirectly to key management personnel
during the current financial year.

Other key management personnel transactions
The key management personnel hold positions in other entities that result in them having control or
significant influence over the financial or operating policies of those entities.

Key management personnel are able to receive remuneration directly through these entities. All amounts
applicable to remuneration have been disclosed in the Remuneration Report section of the Directors’
report.

During the year the Consolidated Entity paid MIS Corporate Pty Ltd, an entity associated with Mr NA
Seckold, $24,375 (2020: $25,840) for investor relations services. At reporting date $2,062 (2020: $2,062)
was outstanding and payable to MIS Corporate Pty Ltd.

During the year the Consolidated Entity paid Minex Resources Limited, an entity associated with Mr F
Bunting, $119,257 (2020: $nil) for consulting fees and hire of equipment. At reporting date there was
$61,950 (2020: $nil) outstanding amount payable to Minex Resources Limited.

During the year the Consolidated Entity paid MH Private Pty Ltd, an entity associated with Mr McPherson,
$2,800 (2020: $nil) for bookkeeping services. At reporting date there was no amount outstanding (2020:
$nil) payable to MH Private Pty Ltd.

During 2015 the Consolidated Entity entered into agreements allowing it to earn 80% of the Cuitaboca
Project from an entity associated with Mr NA Seckold. Under the terms of the agreements, the
Consolidated Entity made a payment of A$100,000 and has committed to meeting 100% of expenditure,
thereby providing the Consolidated Entity with management of the Cuitaboca Project through an initial
100% ownership of Minera Cuitaboca S.A. de C.V. (Project Company).

Apart from the details disclosed in this note, no director has entered into a material contract with the
Company or the Consolidated Entity and there were no material contracts involving directors’ interests
existing at year-end.
- 72 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2021


         20.      PARENT ENTITY


                   As at, and throughout, the financial year ended 30 June 2021 the parent entity of the Group was Santana
                   Minerals Limited.

                      In thousands AUD                                                                          2021                2020
                      Results of the parent entity
                      Loss for the year                                                                  (5,126,961)         (3,399,838)
                      Other comprehensive income                                                                   -                   -
                      Total comprehensive income for the year                                            (5,126,961)         (3,399,828)

                      Financial position of the parent entity at year end
                      Current assets                                                                      3,799,990             866,997
                      Total assets                                                                       16,828,962           8,312,002

                      Current liabilities                                                                     77,981            142,092
                      Total liabilities                                                                       77,981            142,092

                      Total equity of the parent entity comprising of:
                      Share capital                                                                      48,779,923           35,071,891
                      Retained earnings                                                                (32,028,942)         (26,901,981)
                      Total capital                                                                      16,750,981            8,169,910


         21.      SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

         During the reporting period the outbreak of what is known as the COVID-19 pandemic continued to spread, resulting in
         significant volatility with worldwide economies as well as there being Government imposed social distancing guidelines.
         Subsequent to the reporting period the COVID-19 pandemic has remained prevalent, and this may impact the results of
         operations of the Consolidated Entity in future reporting periods. Given the stage of the pandemic, the Company is not in
         a position to reliably estimate this impact.

         Other than as outlined, since the end of the financial year and to the date of this report no matter or circumstance has
         arisen which has significantly affected, or may significantly affect, the operations of the Consolidated Entity, the results of
         those operations or the state of affairs of the Consolidated Entity in subsequent financial years.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION                - 73 -




Directors’ declaration

1.     In the opinion of the directors of Santana Minerals Limited (the Company)

       a)   the consolidated financial statements and notes that are set out on pages 42 to 72 and the Remuneration
            report in section 3 of the Directors' report are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

            i)    giving a true and fair view of the Consolidated Entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2021 and of its
                  performance for the financial year ended on that date; and

            ii)   complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001; and

       b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they
          become due and payable.

2.     The directors have been given the declarations required by Section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from the
       Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2021.

3.     The directors draw attention to note 1 (b) to the consolidated financial statements which include a statement of
       compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards.

Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors:




 NA Seckold
 Chairman

Dated at Brisbane this 29th day of September 2021
- 74 -    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




           Independent Auditor’s Report
           To the shareholders of Santana Minerals Limited

           Report on the audit of the Financial Report



           Opinion

           We have audited the Financial Report               The Financial Report comprises:
           of Santana Minerals Limited (the
                                                               •   Consolidated statement of financial position as at 30
           Company).
                                                                   June 2021;
           In our opinion, the accompanying
                                                               •   Consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated
           Financial Report of the Company is in
                                                                   statement of other comprehensive income,
           accordance with the Corporations Act
                                                                   consolidated statement of changes in equity, and
           2001, including:
                                                                   consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then
           •    giving a true and fair view of the                 ended;
                Group’s financial position as at 30
                                                               •   Notes including a summary of significant accounting
                June 2021 and of its financial
                                                                   policies; and
                performance for the year ended on
                that date; and                                 •   Directors’ Declaration.

           •    complying with Australian                     The Group consists of the Company and the entities it
                Accounting Standards and the                  controlled at the year-end or from time to time during the
                Corporations Regulations 2001.                financial year.




           Basis for opinion

           We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. We believe that the audit
           evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
           Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for
           the audit of the Financial Report section of our report.
           We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical
           requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics
           for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our
           audit of the Financial Report in Australia. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
           accordance with the Code.



          KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms
          affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The
          KPMG name and logo are trademarks used under license by the independent member firms of the KPMG global
          organisation. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.



         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT               - 75 -




Material uncertainty related to going concern

We draw attention to Note 1(r), “Going Concern” in the Financial Report. The conditions disclosed in
Note 1(r), indicate a material uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern and, therefore, whether it will realise its assets and discharge its
liabilities in the normal course of business, and at the amounts stated in the Financial Report. Our
opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
In concluding there is a material uncertainty related to going concern we evaluated the extent of
uncertainty regarding events or conditions casting significant doubt on the Group’s assessment of
going concern. This included:
•   analysing the cash flow projections by:
    –   evaluating the underlying data used to generate the projections for consistency with other
        information tested by us, our understanding of the Group’s intentions, and past results and
        practices; and
    –   assessing the planned levels of operating and capital expenditures for consistency of
        relationships and trends to the Group’s historical results, results since year end and our
        understanding of the business, industry and economic conditions;
•   assessing significant non-routine forecast cash inflows and outflows for feasibility, quantum and
    timing. We used our knowledge of the Group, its industry and financial position to assess the
    level of associated uncertainty; and
•   evaluating the Group’s going concern disclosures in the Financial Report by comparing them to
    our understanding of the matter, the events or conditions incorporated into the cash flow
    projection assessment, the Group’s plans to address those events or conditions, and accounting
    standard requirements. We specifically focused on the principal matters giving rise to the
    material uncertainty.



Key Audit Matters

Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the Financial Report of the current period.
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the Financial Report as a whole, and in
forming our opinion thereon. We do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
In addition to the matter described in the Material uncertainty related to going concern section, we
have determined the matter described below to be a Key Audit Matter.
- 76 -    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




          Exploration and evaluation expenditure of Bendigo-Ophir (New Zealand) and Cuitaboca
          (Mexico) projects ($12,838,632)

          Refer to Note 11 to the Financial Report

          The key audit matter                                     How the matter was addressed in
                                                                   our audit

          Exploration and evaluation expenditure of                Our audit procedures included:
          Bendigo-Ophir (New Zealand) and Cuitaboca
                                                                   •   evaluating the Group’s accounting policy
          (Mexico) projects (collectively, E&E) capitalised is
                                                                       applicable to capitalising E&E expenditure as
          a key audit matter due to:
                                                                       assets using the criteria in the accounting
           •   the significance of E&E activities to the               standard;
               Group’s business, with the balance of               •   inspecting the underlying share purchase
               capitalised E&E expenditure being 75% of                agreement for the acquisition of the Bendigo-
               total assets; and                                       Ophir (New Zealand) project and recalculating
           •   the greater level of audit effort required to           the fair value of the Bendigo-Ophir (New
               evaluate the Group’s application of the                 Zealand) exploration and evaluation assets at
               requirements of the industry specific                   acquisition based on the number of shares in
               accounting standard AASB 6 Exploration for              the share purchase agreement multiplied by
               and Evaluation of Mineral Resources (AASB               the Group’s closing share price on the day of
               6), in particular, the conditions allowing              acquisition. We checked the ownership of
               capitalisation of relevant expenditure and the          the Group’s Bendigo-Ophir (New Zealand)
               presence of impairment indicators. The                  licences to the New Zealand Petroleum and
               presence of impairment indicators would                 Minerals permits register;
               necessitate a detailed analysis by the Group        •   assessing the Group’s determination of its
               of the value of E&E, therefore given the                areas of interest for consistency with the
               criticality of this to the scope and depth of our       definition in the accounting standard. This
               work, we involved senior team members to                involved analysing the licences in which the
               challenge the Group’s determination that no             Group holds an interest and the exploration
               such indicators existed.                                programmes planned for those for
          In assessing the conditions allowing capitalisation          consistency with documentation such as
          of relevant expenditure, we focused on:                      licence related technical conditions, joint
                                                                       venture arrangements and planned work
           •   the Group’s determination of the areas of
                                                                       programmes;
               interest;
                                                                   •   assessing the Group’s current rights to
           •   documentation available regarding rights to
                                                                       tenure for each area of interest by
               tenure, via licensing and contractual
                                                                       corroborating the ownership of the relevant
               arrangements, and compliance with relevant
                                                                       licence to government registers or other
               conditions, to maintain current rights to an
                                                                       supporting documentation and evaluating
               area of interest and the Group’s intention and
                                                                       agreements in place with other parties. We
               capacity to continue the relevant E&E
                                                                       also tested for compliance with licence
               activities; and
                                                                       conditions, such as minimum expenditure
           •   the Group’s determination of whether the                requirements on a sample of licences;
               E&E expenditure capitalised is expected to be
                                                                   •   testing the E&E expenditure capitalised to
               recouped through successful development
                                                                       areas of interest for the year by evaluating a
               and exploitation of the area of interest, or
                                                                       statistical sample of recorded expenditure for
               alternatively, by its sale.
                                                                       consistency to underlying records, the
          In assessing the presence of impairment                      capitalisation requirements of the Group’s
          indicators, we focused on those that may draw                accounting policy and the requirements of




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT               - 77 -




into question the commercial continuation of E&E          the accounting standard;
activities for areas of interest where significant    •   evaluating Group documents, such as
capitalised E&E exists. In addition to the                minutes of Directors meetings and the
assessments above, and given the financial                Group’s cash flow projections, for
position of the Group, we paid particular attention       consistency with their stated intentions and
to:                                                       ability to fund continuing exploration and
•   the strategic direction of the Group and their        evaluation activities in certain areas. We
    intent and capacity to continue exploration           corroborated this through interviews with key
    activities in each area of interest;                  personnel; and
•   the ability of the Group to fund the              •   comparing the results from the Group’s
    continuation of activities in each area of            internal geologist regarding the reasonable
    interest; and                                         assessment of the existence of reserves for
                                                          consistency with the treatment of E&E and
• results from latest activities regarding the            the requirements of the accounting standard.
    reasonable assessment of the existence or
    otherwise of economically recoverable
    reserves for each area of interest.



Other Information

Other Information is financial and non-financial information in Santana Minerals Limited’s annual
reporting which is provided in addition to the Financial Report and the Auditor’s Report. The Directors
are responsible for the Other Information.
Our opinion on the Financial Report does not cover the Other Information and, accordingly, we do not
express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the
Remuneration Report and our related assurance opinion.
In connection with our audit of the Financial Report, our responsibility is to read the Other
Information. In doing so, we consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with
the Financial Report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.
We are required to report if we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other
Information, and based on the work we have performed on the Other Information that we obtained
prior to the date of this Auditor’s Report, we have nothing to report.


Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

The Directors are responsible for:
•   preparing a Financial Report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian
    Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001;
•   implementing necessary internal control to enable the preparation of a Financial Report that gives
    a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
•   assessing the Group and the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern and whether the
    use of the going concern basis of accounting is appropriate. This includes disclosing, as
    applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
    unless they either intend to liquidate the Group and Company or to cease operations, or have no
    realistic alternative but to do so.
- 78 -    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




          Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report

          Our objective is:
           •   to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Report as a whole is free from
               material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
           •   to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes our opinion.
          Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
          accordance with Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it
          exists.
          Misstatements can arise from fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the
          aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
          the basis of this Financial Report.
          A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report is located at the
          Auditing and Assurance Standards Board website at:
          https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf. This description forms part of our
          Auditor’s Report.

          Report on the Remuneration Report

          Opinion                                        Directors’ responsibilities
          In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of     The Directors of the Company are responsible for the
          Santana Minerals Limited for the year          preparation and presentation of the Remuneration
          ended 30 June 2021, complies with              Report in accordance with Section 300A of the
          Section 300A of the Corporations Act           Corporations Act 2001.
          2001.
                                                         Our responsibilities
                                                         We have audited the Remuneration Report included in
                                                         Section 3 of the Directors’ Report for the year ended 30
                                                         June 2021.
                                                         Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
                                                         Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in
                                                         accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




          KPMG                                           Simon Crane
                                                         Partner


                                                         Brisbane
                                                         29 September 2021




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                     ADDITIONAL INFORMATION                     -79-

Additional Information Required by the Listing Rules
as at 20 September 2021
List of the 20 Largest Shareholders
                                                                                                                        % of Total
Rank      Name                                                                                         Shares Held
                                                                                                                           Shares
1         DEPOT CORPORATION LIMITED                                                                     13,392,373          11.74
2         CS THIRD NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <HSBC CUST NOM AU LTD 13 A/C>                                    8,297,174           7.28
3         MUSTANG RESOURCES LIMITED                                                                      7,655,198           6.71
4         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                      3,906,426           3.43
5         GOLDSTREAM FINANCE LIMITED                                                                     2,970,607           2.61
6         ALL-STATES FINANCE PTY LIMITED                                                                 2,800,000           2.46
7         MR NILS BISCHOFF                                                                               2,700,000           2.37
8         RIGI INVESTMENTS PTY LIMITED <THE CAPE A/C>                                                    2,653,128           2.33
9         NEWBALL PTY LTD                                                                                2,500,000           2.19
10        PALMER BOOKMAKING PTY LIMITED                                                                  2,418,374           2.12
11        GURRAVEMBI INVESTMENTS PTY LTD <SUPER FUND A/C>                                                2,071,429           1.82
12        DONALD IAN WHITE & D ROSS DANIEL MOORE                                                         1,890,931           1.66
13        ELPHINSTONE HOLDINGS PTY LTD                                                                   1,577,381           1.38
14        MARK DAVID ALDRIDGE & JUDITH ANNE ALDRIDGE & PETER JOHN ALDRIDGE <TIMA KAHA>                   1,549,784           1.36
15        COMPANY FIFTY PTY LTD <MCDONALD SUPER FUND A/C>                                                1,398,863           1.23
16        MR JAMES WALTER UNGER                                                                          1,214,286           1.06
17        MS RHONDA GAY TOLHURST                                                                         1,200,000           1.05
18        MR CHRISTOPHER JOHN LEE & MRS GIOVANNA LEE                                                     1,160,274           1.02
19        SPINITE PTY LTD <MAZAL A/C>                                                                    1,071,429           0.94
19        SPINITE PTY LTD <MAZAL 2 A/C>                                                                  1,071,429           0.94
20        CHESTER NOMINEES WA PTY LTD <M W WILSON SUPER FUND A/C>                                        1,000,000           0.88
20        NERO RESOURCE FUND PTY LTD <NERO RESOURCES FUND>                                               1,000,000           0.88
20        MRS ANANDA LABERGE                                                                             1,000,000           0.88
20        MR BRONTE MCGREGOR HOWSON & MRS COLLEEN CHRISTINE HOWSON < HOWSON SUPER FUND>                  1,000,000           0.88
20        COMSERV (NO 461) PTY LTD                                                                       1,000,000           0.88
TOTAL OF TOP 20 SHAREHOLDERS                                                                            68,499,086          60.07
BALANCE OF REGISTER                                                                                     45,533,550          39.93
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS                                                                                     114,032,636         100.00

Substantial Shareholders
Name                                                                                     Shares Held             % of Total Shares
DEPOT CORPORATION LIMITED                                                                13,392,373                       11.74%
MUSTANG RESOURCES LIMITED                                                                 7,655,198                        6.71%
REGAL FUNDS MANAGEMENT PTY LTD                                                            7,510,856                        6.59%


Distribution of Shareholder’s Holdings
Ordinary Shares Held                                                         Number of Shareholders              Number of Shares
1 – 1,000                                                                                      2,175                      172,353
1,001 – 5,000                                                                                    234                      648,952
5,001 – 10,000                                                                                   101                      749,374
10,001 – 50,000                                                                                  216                    5,141,162
50,001 – 100,000                                                                                  74                    5,404,946
100,001 and over                                                                                 129                  101,915,849
TOTAL                                                                                          2,929                  114,032,636
Unmarketable Parcels                                                                           2,386                      711,798

Details of Unlisted Options
Details                                                                           Number of Holders             Number of Options
3 NOVEMBER 2022 (Exercisable at $0.20)                                                             1                    1,140,310
3 NOVEMBER 2023 (Exercisable at $0.25)                                                             1                    1,140,310
3 NOVEMBER 2023 (Exercisable at $0.30)                                                             1                    1,140,310
- 80 -    ADDITIONAL INFORMATION


         Shareholding Information

         Enquiries

         Shareholders with enquiries about any aspect of your shareholding should contact the Company’s Share Registry as
         follows:

         Link Market Services Limited


         Telephone:            1300 554 474

         Facsimile:            +61 2 9287 0303

         Website:              www.linkmarketservices.com.au


         Electronic Announcements and Reports

         Shareholders, who wish to receive announcements made to the ASX as well as electronic copies of the Annual Report
         and Half Year Report, are invited to provide their email address to the Company. This can be done by writing to the
         Company Secretary or via the Company’s website.



         Change of Name/Address

         Shareholders should advise the share registry promptly of any change of name and/or address so that correspondence
         with them does not go astray. All such changes must be advised in writing and cannot be accepted by telephone. Forms
         can be found on the Share Registry website or obtained by contacting the Share Registry.

         Shareholders who hold their shares via a broker should instruct their sponsoring broker in writing to notify the Share
         Registry of any change of name and/or address.

         In the case of a name change, the written advice must be supported by documentary evidence.



         Consolidation of Shareholdings

         Shareholders who wish to consolidate their separate shareholdings into one account should write to the Share Registry
         or their sponsoring broker, whichever is applicable.



         Stock Exchange Listing

         The Company’s shares are listed on the ASX. Details of share transactions and prices are published in the financial
         papers of daily capital city newspapers under the code SMI.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                  CORPORATE DIRECTORY   -81-


Corporate Directory

Australian Business No.   37 161 946 989

Directors                 Norman A Seckold, Chairman

                          Richard E Keevers, Non-Executive Director

                          Frederick J Bunting, Non-Executive Director

                          Warren D Batt, Non-Executive Director

                          Anthony J McDonald, Non-Executive Director

Corporate Secretary       Craig J McPherson

Registered Office         Level 15
                          344 Queen Street
                          Brisbane, QLD 4000

                          Phone:           +61 7 3221 7501
                          Email:           admin@santanaminerals.com
                          Website:         www.santanaminerals.com

Postal Address            P O Box 1305
                          Brisbane Qld 4001

Auditors                  KPMG
                          Level 16
                          Riparian Plaza
                          71 Eagle Street
                          Brisbane, Qld 4000

ASX Code                  SMI

Share Registrars          Australia
                          Link Market Services Limited
                          Level 21
                          10 Eagle Street
                          Brisbane, QLD 4000

Exchange                  Australian Stock Exchange
                          Level 8
                          Exchange Plaza
                          2 The Esplanade
                          Perth, WA 6000




SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
