ANNUAL
REPORT   2022
Content
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER ................................................................................................................................................................- 1 -


MANAGEMENT REVIEW – OPERATIONS .............................................................................................................................- 2 -


MINING TENEMENT SCHEDULE .......................................................................................................................................... - 18 -


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT ........................................................................................................................ - 19 -


DIRECTORS’ REPORT .............................................................................................................................................................. - 27 -


LEAD AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION ...................................................................................................... - 39 -


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS .................................................................................................. - 40 -


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME .................................................................. - 41 -


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION ........................................................................................... - 42 -


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY ............................................................................................. - 43 -


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS ............................................................................................................ - 44 -


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS...................................................................................... - 45 -


DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION ................................................................................................................................................. - 70 -


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT ................................................................................................................................. - 71 -


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................................... - 76 -


SHAREHOLDING INFORMATION......................................................................................................................................... - 77 -


CORPORATE DIRECTORY ...................................................................................................................................................... - 78 -
                                                                                   CHAIRMAN’S LETTER           - 1-


Chairman’s Letter

Dear Shareholders

It is with great satisfaction that I reflect on the progress our Company has made over the last 12 months.
When we acquired the Bendigo-Ophir project from Matakanui Gold in November 2020 we were hopeful of
building on the modest 252k ounce resource we inherited, and with the Project sitting in the historically
fertile Otago gold fields, and some 90km north-west of the renowned Macraes Gold Mine, we had every
reason to be optimistic about our exploration endeavours. Very pleasingly our drilling to date has more than
exceeded our expectations with the Project now boasting a Mineral Resource Estimate (MRE) in excess of 2
million ounces with the potential to expand this further. To date much of the resource extension has come
from following a series of north-easterly plunging shoots which at Rise and Shine (RAS) now extends over
1500 metres and remains open at depth.

This MRE represents a 6-fold increase in RAS inferred resources (to 1.7Moz) and 3-fold increase in overall
global Rise and Shine Shear Zone (RSSZ) resources (to 2.1Moz). Importantly, all four Rise and Shine Shear
Zone (RSSZ) Deposits remain open down plunge with our forward objectives being to add ounces and raise
resource classification with continued drilling at known deposits and other prospects along the 30-kilometre
Bendigo-Ophir mineralised trend. With the Company having recently completed a $9.375 million capital
raising we are now well funded to more aggressively drill these multiple targets along the RSSZ and rapidly
build our resource inventory.

Once again, on behalf of the entire Board I would like to thank our New Zealand-based operations team for
their ongoing commitment and dedication to the Project. The additional 1.8m ounces that have been added
to the Company’s resource base since acquiring the Project have been delivered at a discovery cost of
approximately A$3 per ounce.

As always, I would like to finish by thanking you, our shareholders, for your continuing support. It is your
financial support and belief in our operations and management team that underpins our success, and we
look forward to sharing with you further successes as we ready ourselves for another exciting next 12 months
establishing Bendigo-Ophir as a world class gold province.



Sincerely




Norman Seckold
-2-      MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS


      Management Review – Operations
      Review of Operations

      During the reporting period under review exploration activities were focused on the advancement of the
      Company’s 100% owned Bendigo-Ophir Project (“the Project”) in Central Otago, New Zealand (Figures 1 & 2).
      The Project covers 292km2 kilometres and is located 90 kilometres northwest of the Oceana Gold world-class
      Macraes Gold Mine where previous production and current Mineral Resources total 10 million ounces of gold.




                           Figure 1: The Bendigo-Ophir Gold Project in the Otago Goldfields New Zealand




                          Figure 2: Bendigo-Ophir Gold Project, Rise and Shine Valley, Otago, New Zealand



       SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                           MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS - 3 -


The Company’s exploration activities were centred around expanding the Project’s prior 252,000-ounce JORC
2012 compliant inferred mineral resource defined in 2019 (2019 MRE) inherited upon the acquisition of
Matakanui Gold Limited (MGL) in November 2020.

A total of 15,225 metres was drilled in 56 Diamond (DD) Drillholes during the year and metallurgical gravity-
leach testwork was advanced.

Drilling activities across the period were highly successful, resulting in an upwardly revised Mineral Resource
Estimate (MRE) in September 2021 followed by another materially increased MRE in July 2022.

The September 2021 inferred resource (to JORC Code 2012) contained 643,000 ounces of gold (uncut, minimum
0.25 g/t gold) at Come-in-Time (CIT), Rise and Shine (RAS), Shreks (SHR) and Shreks-East (SRE) deposits, based
on drill assay results to June 2021.

Following this 2021 resource upgrade, drilling continued to be focused on the RAS deposit and its northward
extension with substantial increases in the grade and tenor of mineralization becoming evident. These drilling
activities at RAS systematically followed a north-easterly extension down plunge to deliver (post year-end in
July 2022) a new 2-million-ounce global inferred resource across the four deposits (2022 MRE), representing a
material upgrade to the Project’s previous 643Koz September 2021 MRE.

2022 Mineral Resource Estimate (MRE)

Highlights of the updated 2022 MRE (Tables 1 & 2) are presented below.

•   Drilling at RAS substantially increased Bendigo-Ophir Project Global Inferred Resources more than 3-fold
    over the September 2021 MRE at equivalent cut-off and top-cut grades.

•   Global Resources now exceed 2 million ounces at a cut-off grade of 0.25 g/t gold

                         Table 1: Global Mineral Resource Estimate (MRE) July 2022)




•   85 percent of the global gold resource is within the RAS deposit including higher grade resources of
    10.6Mt containing 1.2 million ounces at an average grade of 3.6 g/t using a 1.5 g/t cut-off.

                Table 2: RAS Mineral Resource Estimate (MRE) July 2022 (by lower cut-off)
-4-           MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS

      •        The RAS deposit now extends over 1,500 metres down plunge and remains open at depth.

      •        All four Rise and Shine Shear Zone (RSSZ) Deposits remain open down plunge and forward objectives are
               to add ounces and raise resource classification with continued drilling at known deposits and other
               prospects along the 30-kilometre Bendigo-Ophir mineralised trend.

      •        The 1.8-million-ounce increase in inferred resources since acquiring the Bendigo-Ophir Project in late
               2020 has been delivered at a discovery cost of approximately A$3 per ounce. 1

      The post year end July 2022 MRE update represents a 6-fold increase in RAS inferred resources (to 1.7Moz)
      and 3-fold increase in overall global Rise and Shine Shear Zone (RSSZ) resources (to 2.1Moz).

      The four 2022 MRE deposits occur along the RSSZ over a strike length of 4 kilometres (Figure 1 and Table 4).
      The RSSZ is a major regional structure defined by geology, geochemistry, and geophysics over 7 kilometres of
      strike within the overall 30-kilometre NW-SE length of the Bendigo-Ophir Project.




                                Figure 1 RSSZ 2022 MRE (top-cut, 0.50g/t Au lower cut-off) and drillhole gold (MU)


      There has been no drilling between any of the deposits where RSSZ outcrop is concealed by colluvium and
      glacial loess, rendering soil geochemistry ineffective.

      Within the RSSZ, mineralisation is concentrated in the strongly silicified and sheared top 10-20 metres. Higher-
      grade mineralisation lower in the RSSZ is within both silicified shear zones and stockwork vein swarms. The
      controls on shoot mineralisation geometry are as yet unclear.
      1
          Based on New Zealand exploration costs from acquisition to 31 May 2022.




           SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                            MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS - 5 -


The MRE database includes 25,438 metres of drill data (Table 3) from 1986 which includes 17,300 metres of
diamond and RC drilling that Santana has completed to May 2022 since acquiring the Bendigo-Ophir Project in
November 2020. The focus since mid-2021 has been drilling the northerly down-plunge extensions of RAS.

                 Table 3: Summary of RSSZ Drilling available for new July 2022 MRE.




   * RAB holes were omitted from use in the 2022 RAS resource estimate.


The 2022 global MRE (Table 4) compiled by independent resource estimation consultant GeoModelling Limited
(GML) Petone New Zealand is based on assays from RAS drillholes completed to May 2022 and includes mineral
resources at the CIT, SHR and SRE deposits which remain unchanged from those reported by Wildfire Resources
Pty Limited (WRPL), Perth, Western Australia to the ASX in an announcement on 28 September 2021.

                          Table 4: RSSZ Global MRE July 2022 by Deposits




                     (* figures rounded for reporting)


There is confidence in the continuity of Resources in each deposit, where mineralisation occurs in elongate
northward plunging shoots up to 350 metres wide (RAS). The surface footprint at RAS is small compared to the
other deposits, particularly SHR. Resources at SHR occur over a greater strike length but with no drilling at depth
the down-plunge geometry of the mineralisation is still to be resolved.

The global 2022 MRE has been classified as “Inferred” by GML (and WRPL in 2021) due to grade estimation
confidence being limited by irregularly, or widely spaced (>100*120 metre) drilling and high-grade variability
(nugget effect). In addition, for the CIT, SHR and SRE 2021 MRE, trench and channel samples were used to fill
data gaps in outcrop areas of oxide mineralisation which form 1.9% of the total Resource (Table 7). Trench and
channel sample data has not been used in the RAS 2022 MRE update.
-6-           MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS

      The new July 2022 RAS inferred resource (Figure 2, Table 5) was estimated by GML with top-cuts (to restrict the
      influence of higher grades) and reported at 0.25, 0.50 and 1.5 g/t Au lower cut-off grades constrained to within
      an indicative pit shell optimised using gravity-leach economics and recoveries established from laboratory scale
      metallurgical testwork.




                                     Figure 2 RAS 2022 MRE (top-cut, 0.50g/t Au lower cut-off) and drillhole gold (MU)

                                     Table 5: Rise and Shine (RAS) Deposit July 2022 MRE Summary




                                     (* figures rounded for reporting)


      The new 1,680Moz inferred RAS 2022 MRE (0.5g/t Au lower cut-off, top cut applied) is a 6-fold increase in
      contained gold over the RAS 2021 MRE (ASX announcement on 28 September 2021).

      Santana drilling, that commenced in late 2020, has expanded the RAS resources dramatically from the 8Koz
      inferred resource at the time of acquisition of the Bendigo Ophir project (Figure 3) for an overall global 1.8Moz
      increase in resources, delivered at a discovery cost of approximately A$3/oz. 2



      2
          Based on New Zealand exploration costs from acquisition to 31 May 2022.




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                          MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS - 7 -




                   Figure 3 RAS MRE Evolution 2019-2022 (top-cut, 0.50g/t Au lower cut-off)


Significantly, a high-grade gold component has emerged at RAS with 73% (1,230Koz) of the total 1,680Koz
RAS 2022 MRE averaging 3.6 g/t Au, (at 1.5 g/t Au lower cut-off, Tables 4 & 5).

The RAS MRE has been modelled as 6 stacked low-angle (~23° dip) tabular domains which have an average
aggregate thickness of 51 metres (Table 6, Figures 4 & 5).

                              Table 6: Rise and Shine (RAS) Deposit July 2022 MRE Domains




                   (* figures rounded for reporting)


The upper most continuous domain with 1,190Koz of gold (domain 1, Table 6) extends ~1.5km NNE (018°T)
down-plunge (Figures 2, 3, 4 & 5) and coincides with the hanging wall shear (HWS), a geological unit within
the RSSZ lying immediately below similarly inclined regional Thomson Gorge Fault (TGF).
-8-    MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS




             Figure 4 RAS Deposit Down-Plunge Section 2022 MRE Domain Halos (view WNW).




                     Figure 5 RAS Down-plunge Domains & Resource Extension Potential (3D view SE)




      SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                         MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS - 9 -


Most of the Global MRE (97%) contains gold associated with fresh sulphide mineralisation due to the increased
component of down-plunge resources at RAS where the oxide resource is only 0.1% (Table 7). CIT and SHR
Deposits have the highest oxide components, 16.8% and 10.8% respectively where down-plunge resources
presently being explored have not been re-estimated. All Inferred Resources are above 460 metres vertical
depth from the natural surface and daylight south of Thomson Gorge Fault (Figure 1).

               Table 7: July 2022 MRE Summary by Oxidation State (0.50g/t Au lower cut-off grade)




               (* figures rounded for reporting)


RAS Tonnages (Tables 2, 3, 5, 6 & 7, Figure 6) are assigned on a dry basis from density measurements of drill
core for fresh and transition rock and surface rock samples for oxide rock.

 Oxide rock       2.30g/cm3             Transitional rock     2.65g/cm3         Fresh rock          2.70g/cm3

Tonnages and density measurements for CIT, SHR and SHR deposits used for the 2021 MRE are unchanged from
those previously reported.




                        Figure 6 RAS Inferred Resource (top-cut) Grade Tonnage Curve
- 10 -        MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS

         RSSZ Deposits and Resource Geometry

         CIT deposit daylights at the north-westernmost outcrop of the RSSZ around a shallow pit mined in the 1930’s
         and has a strike length of 400 metres. The 2021 CIT MRE extends 500 metres down-plunge (ASX announcement
         on 28 September 2021) and has been drilled a further 200 metres down plunge where assays are pending (ASX
         announcement on 2 June 2022). The NNE-trending shoot is at least 150 metres wide but has not been closed
         off to the north or east (Figure 1). Mineralisation is concentrated in the top 10-20 metres of the shear zone.
         Overlying barren waste rock (TZ3 schist) extends to 120 metres vertical depth in the north, above the model.

         RAS deposit is located 1.4 kilometres south-east of CIT and outcrops in the south where the Rise and Shine
         valley narrows, with a strike length of 300 metres (Figures 1 & 2). Mineralisation plunges NNE in a shoot up to
         350 metres wide in stacked zones over a vertical interval of 80 metres. The shoot extends at least 1,500 metres
         down plunge and remains open with strong grades to the north. Overlying barren waste rock (TZ3 schist)
         extends to 405 metres vertical depth at the northern end of the MRE where topography climbs north of
         Shepherds Creek (Figures 4, 5). Drilling is ongoing.

         SHR deposit is 1.5 kilometres south-east of RAS and has the largest footprint of the 4 deposits with an outcrop
         and strike length of 750 metres (Figure 1). Mineralisation dips gently north-east and may comprise multiple
         higher-grade shoots plunging to the north with extents of 1000 metres. In the western sector where drilling
         has intersected northernmost mineralisation, overlying barren waste rock (TZ3 schist) extends to 180 metres
         vertical depth where topography climbs north of Rise and Shine Creek. Drilling to the north has commenced.

         SRE deposit was newly defined in 2021, 350 metres east of SHR, after first identified in 2019 as faulted off from
         the main SHR mineralisation (Figure 1). SRE daylights in the south and extends for 300 metres to the north with
         a gentle plunge of around 20° and average width of 180 metres. Overlying barren waste rock (TZ3 schist)
         extends to 90 metres vertical depth at the north where topography climbs north of Rise and Shine Creek.

         Material Results received after 2022 MRE Update and Year End

         After the 2022 MRE update and year end, significant assay results from four RAS drillholes were received that
         have positive implications for future resource growth.

         This quartet of drillholes are in the SE sector of RAS (Figure 7) and have broad aggregate gold intercepts (Table
         8) with multiple bonanza grades (>10g/t Au).

         •    MDD051 with 49.9m @ 6.4 g/t Au from 152.1m at 0.5 g/t Au lower cut-off grade in 4 zones including:
                o 30.9m @ 9.0 g/t Au from 152.1m
                o 9.0m @ 3.2 g/t Au from 184m
                o 3.0m @ 2.6 g/t Au from 206m
                o 7.0m @ 0.6 g/t Au from 238m including:
                   • 20m @ 11.8g/t Au (1.5g/t lower cut-off) from 161m with seven individual 1-metre grades of
                      10.4, 12.9, 13.6, 13.9, 36.1, 63.0, 65.7 g/t Au

         •    MDD054 “jewellery box” with 43.3m @ 11.2 g/t Au from 165.8m at 100g/t Au top-cut, 0.5 g/t Au lower
              cut-off grade in 3 zones including:
                 o 29.3m @ 13.8 g/t Au from 165.8m
                 o 8.0m @ 5.2 g/t Au from 200m
                 o 6.0m @ 6.7 g/t Au from 216m including:
                      • 20.3m @ 18.3 g/t Au from 165.8m at a 1.5 g/t Au cut-off) from 165.8m with nine 1 metre
                         grades of 14.7, 14.5, 1,400, 127, 65.5, 14.8, 11.4, 22.6 and 38.1 g/t Au


             SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                            MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS - 11 -


•   MDD061 with 33.1m @ 4.1 g/t Au from 150.9m at 0.5 g/t Au lower cut-off grade in 5 zones including
      o 17.1m @ 5.8 g/t Au from 150.9m
      o 6.0m @ 0.8 g/t Au from 170m
      o 2.0m @ 1.0 g/t Au from 178m
      o 3.0m @ 3.9 g/t Au from 193m
      o 5.0m @ 3.6 g/t Au from 228m with two 1-metre grades of 79.3 g/t from 179m and 10.9 g/t from
         228m)

•   MDD064 with 20.0m @ 5.0 g/t Au from 176.0m at 0.5 g/t Au lower cut-off grade including:
      o 11.0m @ 4.4 g/t Au from 176m
      o 9.0m @ 5.7 g/t Au from 189m with three 1-metre grades of 21.6 g/t from 179m, 23.1 g/t from
         189m and 15.1 g/t from 190m)




                       Figure 7 RAS Resource Extension Drilling - New Results / Gold Distribution


Drillhole MDD054 was deservingly titled “jewellery box” when significant coarse visible gold (VG) was logged
(Figure 8) and the associated 1,400 g/t Au grade and overall total hole 1,818 MU (Au grams* metres, Figure 7)
are the highest from the project area to date.
- 12 -       MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS




                                 Figure 8 RAS Drillhole MDD054 coarse visible gold (VG) @ 180 m


         The quartet of post 2022 MRE drillholes lie towards the inferred eastern margin of the RAS shoot within a zone
         of higher-grade mineralisation defined by the 80 m.mg/t (MU) isopach that trends NNW across the axis of the
         shoot (Figure 7). The zone, combined with clustering of higher-grade holes down plunge, suggests potential for
         an en-echelon series of high-grade zones separated by lower grade zones going down the axis of the RAS shoot.
         This has significant implications for drilling down plunge at Shreks and other exploration targets.

         Highest-grade mineralisation occurs in the uppermost 20 metres (Table 8, Figure 9) within the hanging wall
         zone (HWS) of the RSSZ associated with flood silica and laminated arsenopyrite fill veinlets.

         Significantly greater widths and grade of mineralisation are reported in these four drillholes than resource
         modelling in the MRE 2022 would imply which suggests potential upside in future resource estimates within
         the MRE 2022 resource envelope (E-W cross-sections Figures 10, 11 & 12) with mineralisation open to the east
         at cross-section northings N5017120 and N5017180.




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                               MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS - 13 -

Table 8: RAS Drillholes MDD061 & MDD064 – Composite Intercepts




        Figure 9 RAS Deposit – Down-Plunge Section (View WNW)
- 14 -    MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS




                               Figure 10 RAS Deposit – East-West X-Section N5107120 (View N)




                               Figure 11 RAS Deposit – East-West X-Section N5107180 (View N)




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                            MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS - 15 -




    Figure 12 RAS Deposit – East-West X-Section N5107240 (View N)




Figure 13 RAS Deposit – Dunstan Range (View south)
- 16 -       MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS

         Ongoing Metallurgical Testwork

         Stage 3 testwork following on from earlier gravity-leach tests that showed 90% largely non-refractory
         recoverable gold, recorded gold recoveries to 99% (ASX announcement on 11th May 2022). Preliminary results
         for the programme designed by KCAA consultants and undertaken at ALS Metallurgical Laboratory Perth
         increase the understanding of the RAS non-refractory / refractory mineralisation distribution.

         Six composited drillhole samples, representative of the RAS shoot, were subjected to standard gravity-cyanide
         leach test work to establish total recoverable gold responses (Table 9).

                               Table 9: Metallurgical Gold Recovery Testwork vs variable arsenic / sulphide mineralisation




         Gold head grades ranged between 1.4 g/t and 7.9 g/t Au for the following recoveries.
             • 94% to 99% overall gold recovery for four samples (RAS-1, RAS-4, RAS-5, RAS-6)
             • 64% to 80% overall gold recovery for two samples (RAS-2, RAS-3)

         Intensive leach tests on residues with lower gold recoveries (RAS-2, RAS-3) is ongoing to determine the
         reason and establish methods to improve recoveries. Mineralogical work and Photon Assaying is underway
         to complete this Stage 3 testwork.

         Key Conclusions & Forward Programme
         The significant 2022 MRE upgrade to 2Moz of gold has been complimented by significant higher-grade
         mineralised intercepts building on a high-grade zone in the south-east sector of the RAS shoot. The quartet of
         drillhole results bolster the 2022 MRE domains and grade in this area which have further eastern extension
         possibilities.

         Similar excellent recent results encountered in MDD044 (1 kilometre to the north of MDD054) have RAS
         mineralisation extending 1,500m down-plunge from outcrop and remaining open to the north.

         Extension diamond drilling is continuing at RAS deposit with reconnaissance holes also in progress to test the
         down plunge extensions of SHR deposit (the largest surface footprint of the 3 main deposits).
         Recent drilling results have added continued weight to the impressive RSSZ multi-million-ounce system
         potential.

          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                         MANAGEMENT REVIEW - OPERATIONS - 17 -


Snoul Project Cambodia - Emerald Resources NL earning 70%

In an area previously exploited by local artisan gold miners, five prospects were located by aeromagnetic
surveys prior to the 2021-22 year, where the magnetic data defined a cluster of predominately granodiorite
intrusions, with gold in small veins associated with sulphides pyrite, chalcopyrite with some galena, sphalerite
and arsenopyrite, also containing specular haematite and magnetite. The form of this mineralization, its
geochemistry and selvages of propylitic and phyllic alteration, located in the cluster of granitic intrusions,
appears to relate to porphyry-style copper /gold mineralization with potential for large accumulations of this
well established model. This is supported by the results of previous RC drilling of 33 drill holes for a total of
1673m, which includes 5m @ 6.23 g/t Au from 14m, 8m @ 1.37 g/t Au from 34m, 3m @ 2.67 g/t Au from 24m,
1m @ 2.85 g/t Au from 3m, 1m @ 1.41 g/t Au from 53m and 1m @ 1.32 g/tr Au from 38m.

After reviewing all of the previous soil geochemistry, areomagnetics and RC drilling, the operator Emerald
Resources NL has planned IP surveys as a further discrimination tool to define more drilling targets. Emerald
operate the Okvau gold mine in Cambodia and also have an active exploration programme primarily for gold.
The scheduling of the planned IP surveys and possible follow-up drilling in the Snoul area must fit in with
Emerald’s other activities to avoid high mobilization costs. Exploration is also seasonal with wet season field
work restricted. Emerald has not advanced the planned IP surveys in this 2021-22 year.

Phnom Khtong Project Cambodia - Emerald Resources NL earning 70%

In the Phnom Ktong area, gold is also associated with quartz and sulphide veins associated with the contact
aureoles, including a skarn, related to small to medium sized diorite and quartz-diorite intrusions. At the Oh
Tron prospect, small alluvial gold mining by local artisan miners, exploits gold shedding from a contact skarn.
In the 2020-21 year, Emerald Resources completed 33 RC drill holes for an aggregate of 1,429m where the
intersections achieved included 10m @1.08 g/t Au from 4m, 4m @ 1.43 g/t Au from surface, 3m @1,11 g/t Au
from 20m and 2m @ 1.312 g/t Au from 32m.

Emerald Resources now plan IP to follow-up the gold mineralization in this area but these surveys have not
proceeded this year.

Cuitaboca Project, Mexico
The Company continued its review of its Cuitaboca Silver Project in Mexico during the year aimed to take
advantage of current precious metals prices. No active exploration activities were conducted at the Cuitaboca
Project during the reporting period.




Competent Person/Qualified Person

The information in this report that relates to Exploration Results is based on information compiled by Mr Richard Keevers,
Mr Kim Bunting who are Fellows of The Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy (AusIMM) and Mr Warren Batt
who is a Member of the AusIMM. Mr Keevers is an Executive Director, Mr Bunting a Director and Bendigo-Ophir Project
Manager and Mr Batt a Director of the Company who have sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of
mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity which thay are undertaking to qualify as
Competent Persons as defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral
Resources and Ore Reserves.’ Mr Keevers, Mr Bunting and Mr Batt consent to the inclusion in this report of the matters
based on their information in the form and context in which it appears.
- 18 -        MINING TENEMENT SCHEDULE


         Mining Tenement Schedule at 28 September 2022

                         Name                       Number             Area                  Status                 Interest
          Bendigo Ophir, New Zealand
          Bendigo-Ophir                             EP60311             252 km2                 Granted                      100%
          Ardgour                                  PPA60882              40 km2              Application                     100%



                          Name                      Number              Area                 Status                 Interest
          Cuitaboca, Sinaloa, Mexico
          El Chapotal #                               210765               126ha                    Granted      Earning to 80%
          San Rafael #                                214243               528ha                    Granted      Earning to 80%
          Nuestra Señora Del Carmen #                 208560            79.47ha                     Granted      Earning to 80%
          San Pedro #                                 210767            29.15ha                     Granted      Earning to 80%
          Jesús Maria #                               205338            13.62ha                     Granted      Earning to 80%
          San Rafael II #                             222493               540ha                    Granted      Earning to 80%
          Cuitaboca #                                 222494            2,401ha                     Granted      Earning to 80%
          Los Sapos #                                 226832            1,386ha                     Granted      Earning to 80%
          Cuita *                                     244943           456.71ha                     Granted                  100%
         # Minera Cuitaboca S.A. de C.V. has the right to acquire the above concessions under an option agreement (Concession Option
         Agreement) with Consorcio Minero Latinoamericano S.A. de C.V (Concession Holder). The Concession Option Agreement
         provides for the acquisition of a 100% interest in the concessions from the Concession Holder by paying option fees totalling
         US$3,500,000, with those option fees payable on a six monthly basis.

         The Consolidated Entity can initially earn 80% of the Project Company by meeting expenditure and the remaining option fees
         under the Concession Option Agreement. The consolidated entity is earning, but has yet to earn, its initial interest. The
         Concession Option Agreement was amended to extend the term to 15 years from the original signature date (refer to the
         agreement announcement of 29 July 2014), with the agreement now expiring 10th December 2026.

         *The Cuita Concession is pending a formal transfer to Santana’s wholly owned subsidiary.



          Name/No.                             Nature                                 Area              Status             Interest
          Cambodian Projects
          Phnom Khtung                         Exploration Licence                    210.8 Km2         Granted            85#
          Snoul                                Exploration Licence                    198.0 Km2         Granted            85#
         # The Consolidated Entity currently holds an 85% interest in the project (diluting to not less than 12.75% assuming the
         Consolidated Entity does not exercise contribution rights) and is free carried to completion of feasibility study. A summary
         of the JV and Farm-out agreements are noted below.

         The consolidated entity’s subsidiary is party to an unincorporated joint venture agreement with Southern Gold Limited
         (SGL) in respect of the Cambodian Exploration Licences, pursuant to which SGL has a 15% unincorporated joint venture
         interest in the Cambodian Exploration Licences, which is free carried until completion of a feasibility study.

         The consolidated entity’s subsidiary has also entered into a farm-out and incorporated joint venture agreement with
         Renaissance Cambodia Pty Ltd (Renaissance) (Farm-Out Agreement), pursuant to which Renaissance will sole fund US$0.5
         million of exploration expenditure on each of the Cambodian Exploration Licences to earn a 30% shareholding in the
         Subsidiary. Renaissance can elect to sole fund a further US$1.0 million of exploration expenditure on each of the two
         Cambodian Exploration Licences over the following two years, to increase its shareholding in the Subsidiary to 60%. Upon
         Renaissance earning a 60% shareholding in the Subsidiary, the consolidated entity may elect to either contribute to maintain
         its shareholding in the Subsidiary of 40% or not to contribute, in which case Renaissance may earn a further 25%
         shareholding in the Subsidiary, by managing the Subsidiary and providing funding to complete a definitive feasibility study,
         during which period the consolidated entity will be free carried.




           SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT                         - 19 -


Corporate Governance Statement
This statement describes the corporate governance practices of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries (‘Consolidated
Entity’) as at the date of this report.

The board of directors is responsible for the overall corporate governance of the Consolidated Entity, and it recognises the
need for the highest standards of ethical behaviour and accountability. The Board is committed to administering its
corporate governance structures to promote integrity and responsible decision making.

The Consolidated Entity provides this statement disclosing the extent to which it has followed, as at the date of this report,
the recommendations set out in the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles and
Recommendations (‘Recommendations’). This statement also provides details on the extent to which those
Recommendations have not been followed and reasons for not following them.

The following discussion outlines the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s principles and associated recommendations
and the extent to which the Consolidated Entity complies with those recommendations.


Principle 1 - Lay solid foundations for management and oversight
Board and Management
The Board acts in the best interests of the Consolidated Entity as a whole and is accountable to shareholders for overall
direction, management and corporate governance.

The Board has adopted a Board Charter, complying with Recommendation 1.1 of the Corporate Governance Council, which
formalises its roles and responsibilities and defines the matters that are reserved for the Board and specific matters that
are delegated to management.

The Board is responsible for setting the strategic direction of the Consolidated Entity and, without intending to limit the
general role of the Board, for the management of the Consolidated Entity including:

         •   oversight of control and accountability systems;
         •   appointing and removing the Chief Executive Officer and Company Secretary;
         •   monitoring any Executive Officer’s performance and implementation of strategy;
         •   monitoring developed strategies for compliance with best practice corporate governance requirements;
         •   approving and monitoring developed strategies for major capital and operating expenditure (including
             annual operating budgets), capital management, acquisitions and divestitures;
         •   monitoring developed strategies for compliance with all legal and regulatory obligations and ethical
             standards and policies;
         •   reviewing any systems of risk management (which may be a series of systems established on a per-project
             basis), internal compliance and control, and legal compliance to ensure appropriate compliance frameworks
             and controls are in place;
         •   monitoring developed reporting strategies for reporting to the market, shareholders, employees and other
             stakeholders.

The board has delegated responsibility for operation and administration of the Consolidated Entity to the Executive
Director and executive management.

In accordance with Recommendation 1.2, the Board is responsible for undertaking appropriate background checks before
appointing a person, or putting forward a candidate for election, as a Director. In addition, that all material information in
the Board’s possession, relevant to whether or not to elect or re-elect a Director, shall be provided to Shareholders.
- 20 -    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT


         Having regard to the size of the Board, written agreements with each director setting out the terms of their appointment
         have not been implemented in accordance with Recommendation 1.3.

         In accordance with Recommendation 1.4, the Board Charter provides that the Company Secretary is accountable directly
         to the Board, through the chair, on all matters to do with the proper functioning of the Board.

         Diversity
         The Consolidated Entity fosters a governance culture that embraces diversity in the composition of directors, executives
         and employees together with the appropriate skill mix, personal qualities, expertise and diversity of each position. Due to
         the size of the Consolidated Entity and the number of officers and employees a formal Diversity Policy with set measurable
         objectives for achieving gender diversity has not been implemented as per Recommendation 1.5 of the Corporate
         Governance Council.

         The Consolidated Entity has 30% (approx.) female participation in the organisation. There are no females employed in
         senior executive positions or on the board.

         Performance Review and Evaluation
         The Board Charter provides that the Board must review the Board Charter and perform an evaluation of its performance
         at intervals considered appropriate by the Chairman. The Board conducted a review of its Board Charter during a prior
         financial year and implemented an updated Board Charter effective 1 July 2020. A performance evaluation of the Board
         was not undertaken during the current period.

         The Board Charter also provides that the Board is responsible for monitoring any executive officer’s performance and has
         in place procedures relevant to the size of the Consolidated Entity to assess the performance of the executive team.

         Given the Consolidated Entity’s size and number of executive officers, the board has adopted an informal and continuous
         performance evaluation process. Evaluation of performance as described has been conducted throughout the period.

         The Consolidated Entity has followed Recommendation 1.6 and 1.7 through the above disclosures.

         A copy of the Board Charter is available on the Company’s website, www.santanaminerals.com.


         Principle 2 – Structure the Board to be effective and add value
         The Board has been formed so that it has effective composition, size and commitment to adequately discharge its
         responsibilities and duties given the Consolidated Entity’s current size, scale and nature of its activities.

         Board nominations
         Having regard to the size of the Board, the same efficiencies of a nomination committee would not be derived from a
         formal committee structure. The responsibility for examination of the selection and appointment practices of the
         Company to ensure that it has the appropriate balance of skills, knowledge, experience, independence and diversity rests
         with the Board and a nomination committee has not been established in accordance with Recommendation 2.1.

         The Board has not developed a formal program for inducting new directors or for professional development in accordance
         with Recommendation 2.6 having regard to the size of the Board and executive team. The board will consider a formal
         program for induction at the appropriate time.

         Skills, knowledge and experience
         The Board considers the mix of skills and the diversity of board members when assessing the composition of the Board.
         Directors are appointed based on the specific corporate and governance skills and experience required by the




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT                      - 21 -


Consolidated Entity. The Board seeks to maintain a relevant blend of personal experience across commercial and technical
disciplines relevant to the business of the Consolidated Entity.

The Board does not maintain a formal Board Matrix in accordance with Recommendation 2.2. However, the Board is
comprised of highly experienced senior business personnel from a variety of professional and enterprise backgrounds.
They each meet the fundamental requirements and, collectively, possess the skills, experience and diversity considered
necessary to appropriately govern the Consolidated Entity.

The skills of each individual director that comprise the Board have been outlined in the director’s report on page 28.

Assessment of independence
An independent director, in the view of the Consolidated Entity, is a non-executive director who:
        • is not a substantial shareholder of the Company or an officer of, or otherwise associated directly with, a
            substantial shareholder of the Company;
        • within the last three years has not been employed in an executive capacity by the Consolidated Entity, or
            been a director after ceasing to hold any such employment;
        • within the last three years has not been a principal of a material professional advisor or a material consultant
            to the Consolidated Entity, or an employee materially associated with a service provider;
        • is not a material supplier or customer of the Consolidated Entity, or an officer of or otherwise associated
            directly or indirectly with a material supplier or customer;
        • has no material contractual relationship with the Consolidated Entity other than as a director of the
            Company;
        • has not served on the Board for a period which could, or could reasonably be perceived to, materially
            interfere with the director’s ability to act in the best interests of the Consolidated Entity; and
        • is free from any interest and any business or other relationship which could, or could reasonably be perceived
            to, materially interfere with the director’s ability to act in the best interests of the Consolidated Entity.

The composition of the Board is reviewed periodically with regards to the optimum number and skills of directors required
for the Board to properly perform its responsibilities and functions.

Independent directors
Due to the size and scale of the Consolidated Entity’s current activities, the Board does not consist of a majority of
independent directors. However, although the Board does not follow Recommendation 2.4, to facilitate independent
decision-making, the Board has agreed procedures for directors to have access in appropriate circumstances to
independent professional advice.

Directors are entitled to request and receive such additional information as they consider necessary to support informed
decision-making.

The board of directors has four non-executive directors none of whom are considered independent. In accordance with
Recommendation 2.3 the names of the directors of the Company in office at the date of this report, specifying who are
independent together with their length of service and relevant personal particulars, are set out in the directors’ report
commencing on page 28 of this report.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The Chairman is responsible for leadership of the Board and for the efficient organisation and conduct of the Board’s
functioning. The Executive Director is responsible and accountable to the Board for the Consolidated Entity’s management.

The office of Chairman is held by Norman A. Seckold, who is not considered independent in accordance with
Recommendation 2.5 of the Corporate Governance Council. However, the board considers that the office of Chairman is
best served by Mr Seckold due to his extensive experience in the industry.
- 22 -    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT


         In accordance with Recommendation 2.5 of the Corporate Governance Council the role of Chief Executive Officer and
         Chairman are not exercised by the same person.

         Professional advice and access to information
         Directors have the authority to seek any information they require from the Consolidated Entity and any Director may, at
         the Company’s cost, take such independent legal, financial or other advice as they and the Chairman consider necessary
         or appropriate. Any Director seeking independent advice must first discuss the request with the Chairman who will
         facilitate obtaining such advice agreed upon.

         Term of appointment as a director
         The Constitution of the Company provides that a director, other than the Managing Director, may not retain office for
         more than three calendar years or beyond the third Annual General Meeting following his or her election, whichever is
         longer, without submitting himself or herself for re-election. One third of the directors (excluding the Managing Director)
         must retire each year and are eligible for re-election. The directors who retire by rotation at each Annual General Meeting
         are those with the longest length of time in office since their appointment or last election.

         Remuneration
         The remuneration for individual directors is determined by the Board as a whole, with total compensation for all non-
         executive directors not to exceed an aggregate per annum approved by Shareholders.

         For further details on the amount of remuneration and any amount of equity based executive remuneration payment for
         each director, refer to the Remuneration Report in the Directors’ Report.


         Principle 3 – Instil a culture of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly
         Company Values
         The Consolidated Entity is committed to conducting all of its business activities fairly, honestly with a high level of integrity,
         and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. The Board and management are dedicated to high ethical
         standards and recognise and support the Company’s commitment to compliance with these standards.

         A formal value statement has not been established or disclosed given the size of the Company’s Board and management
         in accordance with Recommendation 3.1.

         Code of conduct and ethical standards
         The Consolidated Entity fostered a governance culture where all directors, managers and employees are expected to act
         with the utmost integrity and objectivity, striving at all times to enhance the reputation and performance of the
         Consolidated Entity.

         Every employee has direct access to a director or executive to whom they may refer any issues arising from their
         employment. The Consolidated Entity does not contract with or otherwise engage any person or party where it considers
         integrity may be compromised.

         The Consolidated Entity has established a formal Code of Conduct in accordance with Recommendation 3.2.

         The Consolidated Entity has also established a Whistleblower policy in accordance with Recommendation 3.3 but has not
         established an anti-bribery and corruption policy given the size of the Consolidated Entity’s Board and Management in
         accordance with Recommendation 3.4.

         The Company has made its Code of Conduct and Whistleblow Policy available on its website, www.santanaminerals.com.




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT                        - 23 -


Principle 4 – Safeguard the integrity of corporate reports
Audit committee
Given the current membership of the Board and the size, organisational complexity and scope of operations, the same
efficiencies of an audit committee would not be derived from a formal committee structure. The Board has not established
an audit committee and therefore Recommendation 4.1 has not been followed.

Responsibility for establishing and maintaining a framework of internal control and setting appropriate standards for the
management of the Consolidated Entity rests with the Board in accordance with the Consolidated Entity’s Board Charter.
The Board is also responsible for the integrity of financial information in the financial statements; audit, accounting and
financial reporting obligations; safeguarding the independence of the external auditor; and financial risk management.

CEO and CFO Certification
In accordance with Recommendation 4.2, the Board received assurance from the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
Financial Officer that the declaration provided in accordance with section 295A of the Corporations Act is founded on a
sound system of risk management and internal control and that the system is operating effectively in all material respects
in relation to financial reporting risks.

Integrity of periodic corporate reports
The Consolidated entity periodically prepares and releases to the market corporate reports other than audited or reviewed
financial statements to inform shareholders. Such reports regularly include quarterly activity reports, quarterly cash flow
reports and other market sensitive reports as they arise.

Where a corporate report of this type is not subject to audit or review by an external auditor, the Board will ensure that
the reports is materially accurate, balanced and provides investors with appropriate information to make an informed
decision. Further, the Board Charter provides that the Board is responsible for approving all material reporting and
external communications it releases to the market.

The Consolidated Entity has followed Recommendation 4.3 through the above disclosures.


Principle 5 – Make timely and balanced disclosure
Continuous disclosure with ASX Listing Rules
The Company is committed to promoting investor confidence and ensuring that shareholders and the market are provided
with timely and balanced disclosure of all material matters concerning the Consolidated Entity, as well as ensuring that all
shareholders have equal and timely access to externally available information issued by the Company, and takes its
continuous disclosure obligations seriously.

Primary responsibility rests with the Executive Director, while the Company Secretary is primarily responsible for
communications with the Exchange.

Whilst the Company does not have a formal policy, the Company notifies the ASX promptly of information:
         • concerning the Consolidated Entity, that a reasonable person would expect to have a material effect on the
             price or value of the Company’s securities; and
         • that would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether
             to acquire or dispose of the Company’s securities.

Announcements are made in a timely manner, are factual and do not omit material information in order to avoid the
emergence of a false market in the Company’s securities.
- 24 -    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT


         Given the size of the Consolidated Entity, a formal continuous disclosure policy has not been adopted and
         Recommendation 5.1 has not been followed.

         Given the current size of the Board and management, the Company aims to ensure that all market announcements are
         received by the Board prior to release to the market, but if not they are promptly distributed at the time of market
         announcement in accordance with Recommendation 5.2.

         In accordance with Recommendation 5.3, the Consolidated Entity ensures that investor or analyst presentations are
         released to the ASX Market Announcements Platform ahead of any presentation.


         Principle 6 – Respect the rights of security holders
         The Board supports practices that provide effective and clear communications with security holders and allow security
         holder participation at general meetings.

         The Company actively promotes communication with shareholders through a variety of measures, including the use of its
         website as its primary communication tool for distribution of the annual report, half-yearly report, market announcements
         and media disclosures. The Company aims to make this information available on the Company’s website on the day of
         public release and is e-mailed to all shareholders who lodge their e-mail contact details with the Company.

         In addition, the Consolidated Entity’s website also separately maintains a corporate governance section as per
         Recommendation 6.1 where all relevant corporate governance information can be accessed.

         A formal Shareholder Communications Policy has not been adopted given the Company’s size and nature of operations,
         and therefore Recommendation 6.2 has not been followed.

         The Board encourages full participation of shareholders at General Meetings in accordance with Recommendation 6.3, to
         ensure a high level of accountability and identification with the Company’s strategy and goals. Shareholders are requested
         to vote on the appointment and aggregate remuneration of directors, the granting of options and shares to directors, the
         remuneration report and other important considerations relevant to the Company at that time. Shareholders are also
         encouraged to ask questions on each item of business put before security holders at the meetings.

         In accordance with Recommendation 6.4, the Company will ensure that all substantive resolutions at shareholders
         meetings are decided by poll rather than a show of hands.

         The Company engages its share registry to manage the majority of communications with shareholders. In accordance with
         Recommendation 6.5 Shareholders are encouraged to receive correspondence from the Company electronically, thereby
         facilitating a more effective, efficient and environmentally friendly communication mechanism with shareholders.

         Shareholders not already receiving information electronically can elect to do so through the share registry.


         Principle 7 – Recognise and manage risk
         The Board is responsible for the identification, monitoring and management of significant business risks and the
         implementation of appropriate levels of internal control, recognising however, that no cost effective internal control
         system will preclude all errors and irregularities. The Board regularly reviews and monitors areas of significant business
         risk.

         Due to the size of the Consolidated Entity, the number of officers and employees and the nature of the business, a formal
         risk management committee has not been implemented as per Recommendation 7.1. The risk management functions and
         oversight of material business risks are performed directly by the Executive Director. The Consolidated Entity has adopted
         an internal control and risk management framework within which it operates.


          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT                       - 25 -


The Executive Director takes primary responsibility for managing corporate risk and reviews systems of external and
internal controls and areas of significant operational, financial and property risk, and ensures arrangements are in place
to contain such risks to acceptable levels. The Executive Director reports regularly at Board meetings as to the
effectiveness of the Consolidated Entity’s management of its material business risks.

A review of the Company’s risk management framework has not been conducted within the current financial year as
provided by Recommendation 7.2.

The Consolidated Entity did not have an internal audit function for the past year as provided by Recommendation 7.3. The
internal audit function is carried out by the board, which continually considers the entity’s risk management effectiveness
and associated internal control procedures. The Company does not have an internal audit department nor does it have an
internal auditor. The size of the Consolidated Entity does not warrant the need or the cost of appointing an internal
auditor.

In accordance with Recommendation 7.4, the Consolidated Entity does not have any material exposure to economic,
environmental and social sustainability risks other than as disclosed in accordance with its continuous disclosure
obligations in its Annual Report and ASX announcements.

The Consolidated Entity ensures that appropriate insurance policies are kept current to cover potential risks and maintains
Directors’ and Officers’ professional indemnity insurance.


Principle 8 – Remunerate fairly and responsibly
Remuneration committee
Given the current membership of the Board and the size, organisational complexity and scope of operations, the same
efficiencies of a remuneration committee would not be derived from a formal committee structure. The Board has not
established a remuneration committee and the responsibility for the Company’s remuneration policy rests with the Board.
Accordingly, Recommendations 8.1 has not been followed.

The Board is responsible for reviewing and recommending remuneration packages and policies applicable to non-
executive directors, executive directors and executive management of the Company. It is also responsible for reviewing
and recommending appropriate grant of any equity securities.

The remuneration objective is to adopt policies, processes and practices to:
           • attract and retain appropriately qualified and experienced directors and executives who will add value;
                and
           • adopt reward programmes which are fair and responsible and in accordance with principles of good
                corporate governance, which dictates a need to align director and executive entitlements with
                shareholder objectives.

The Board conducts reviews based on individual performance, trends in comparative companies and the need for a
balance between fixed remuneration and non-cash incentive remuneration.

Remuneration packages for executive directors and senior executives comprise fixed remuneration and may include
bonuses or equity based remuneration as per individual contractual agreements or at the discretion of the Board where
no contractual agreement exists.

Non-Executive director remuneration is a fixed annual amount of director fees, the total of which is within the aggregate
amount fixed by the Company’s Board prior to the first annual general meeting of shareholders. Any amendments to the
maximum sum must be approved by the Company’s shareholders at a general meeting.
- 26 -    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT


         The Company has entered into employment agreements with executives, on those terms noted in the Remuneration
         Report. The Board ensures that remuneration is in line with general standards for publicly listed companies of the size
         and type of the Consolidated Entity.

         In distinguishing between the remuneration practices for its Non-Executive directors and the remuneration practices
         applicable to executive staff, the Company complies with Recommendation 8.2.

         Securities trading policy
         The board has established a policy relating to the trading of the Company’s securities. The Board restricts directors,
         executives and employees from acting on material information until it has been released to the market. Executives,
         employees and directors are required to consult the Chairman; Executive Director or Company Secretary prior to dealing
         in the Company’s securities.

         Share trading is not permitted by directors, executives or employees at any time whilst in the possession of price sensitive
         information not already available to the market. In addition, the Corporations Act prohibits the purchase or sale of
         securities whilst a person is in possession of inside information.

         Additional restrictions are placed on directors, executives and key management personnel (“restricted employees”). The
         Company has adopted blackout periods for restricted employees, being the period from the end of the quarter up to the
         day after the release date of the quarterly report. Additionally, all restricted employees must apply for written
         acknowledgement to gain authority to trade in the Company’s securities.

         In accordance with Recommendation 8.3 the Company has made its Securities Trading Policy available on its website,
         www.santanaminerals.com.




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT                                   - 27 -


Directors’ Report

The directors present their report together with the consolidated financial report of Santana Minerals Limited for the
financial year ended 30 June 2022 and the auditor’s report thereon.



Contents of Directors’ Report                                                                                                                                                                                        Page


1.       CORPORATE DIRECTORY ......................................................................................................................................................................... - 28 -


2.       DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS ............................................................................................................................................................................. - 29 -


3.       REMUNERATION REPORT - AUDITED ................................................................................................................................................. - 30 -

         PRINCIPLES OF COMPENSATION - AUDITED ..................................................................................................................................... - 30 -

         KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL REMUNERATION - AUDITED ................................................................................................. - 32 -

         EQUITY INSTRUMENTS - AUDITED ....................................................................................................................................................... - 32 -


4.       PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................................................................. - 34 -


5.       OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW ................................................................................................................................................. - 34 -


6.       DIVIDENDS .....................................................................................................................................................................................................- 35 -


7.       EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE ................................................................................................................................... - 36 -


8.       LIKELY DEVELOPMENTS........................................................................................................................................................................... - 36 -


9.       ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION AND PERFORMANCE ................................................................................................................. - 36 -


10. CHANGES IN STATE OF AFFAIRS ............................................................................................................................................................ - 36 -


11. DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS............................................................................................................................................................................ - 37 -


12. SHARE OPTIONS ...........................................................................................................................................................................................- 37 -


13. OFFICERS’ INDEMNITIES AND INSURANCE ........................................................................................................................................ - 37 -


14. NON-AUDIT SERVICES ................................................................................................................................................................................ - 38 -


15. LEAD AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION.......................................................................................................................... - 39 -
- 28 -    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


         1.       Corporate Directory
         Directors
         The directors of Santana Minerals Limited (the Company) at any time during or since the end of the financial year are:

         Mr Norman A Seckold, Non-Executive Chairman
         Appointed 15 January 2013

         Mr Seckold graduated with a Bachelor of Economics from the University of Sydney in 1970. He has spent more than 40
         years in the full time management of natural resource companies, both in Australia and overseas.

         Mr Seckold is currently Chairman and Director of each of ASX listed companies Sky Metals Limited (director since
         December 2001), Alpha HPA Limited (director since November 2009) and is Deputy Chairman of Nickel Mines Limited
         (director since 12 September 2007).

         He has been Chairman of Bolnisi Gold NL, Palmarejo Silver and Gold Corporation, Moruya Gold Mines NL, Pangea
         Resources Limited, Timberline Minerals, Inc., Perseverance Corporation Limited, Valdora Minerals NL, Viking Gold
         Corporation, Mogul Mining NL, San Anton Resource Corporation Inc., Cockatoo Coal Limited, Equus Mining Limited and
         Cerro Resources NL.

         Mr Richard E Keevers, Executive Director
         Appointed 15 January 2013 and Executive Director from 16 December 2020

         Mr Keevers graduated with a Bachelor of Science from the University of New England in NSW. He is a qualified and
         experienced geologist, having held senior positions with BH South Limited and Newmont during his 20 years in the mining
         industry. Subsequently he was an executive director of Pembroke Josephson Wright Limited, an Australian share brokerage
         firm, for ten years.

         Mr Keevers is currently Chairman and director of Renascor Resources Limited (director since July 2016).

         Mr Frederick J Bunting, Non-Executive Director
         Appointed 3 November 2020

         Mr Bunting graduated with a Bachelor of Science from Auckland University NZ in 1971 and with Master of Science from
         Rhodes University South Africa in 1977. Mr Bunting is an experienced geologist with 48 years of exploration experience,
         including initiating the Company’s Bendigo-Ophir project in New Zealand.

         Mr Warren D Batt, Non-Executive Director
         Appointed 3 November 2020

         Mr Batt graduated with a Master of Science (Hons) from Auckland University NZ in 1974. Mr Batt is an experienced
         geologist and mining professional with over 45 years of experience, including initiating the Company’s Bendigo-Ophir
         project in New Zealand.

         Mr Anthony J McDonald, Non-Executive Director
         Re-appointed as a director on 16 December 2020 and previously a director from 15 January 2013 to 3 November 2020

         Mr McDonald graduated with a Bachelor of Laws from the Queensland University of Technology in 1981. He was admitted
         as a solicitor in 1982. He has been involved in the natural resources sector in Australia and internationally and since 2001
         has been actively involved in corporate and business management in the resources and technology industries.

         Mr McDonald is currently a non-executive director of PPK Group Limited (appointed September 2017) and Li-S Energy
         Limited (appointed July 2019).




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT            - 29 -


Company Secretary
Mr Craig J McPherson
Corporate Secretary (since 15 January 2013)

Mr McPherson graduated with a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Queensland and is a member of
Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand. He has over twenty years of commercial and financial management
experience and has held various roles with ASX and TSX listed companies for in excess of ten years in Australia and
overseas.



2.      Directors’ meetings
The number of directors’ meetings and number of meetings attended by each of the directors of the Company during the
financial year are:

Director
                                                A        B
Mr NA Seckold                                   8         7
Mr RE Keevers                                   8         8
Mr FJ Bunting                                   8         8
Mr WD Batt                                      8         8
Mr AJ McDonald                                  8         8


A - Number of meeting eligible to attend
B - Number of meetings attended
- 30 -    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


         3.    Remuneration Report - Audited

     3.1.     Principles of compensation – audited
              Remuneration is also referred to as compensation throughout this report.

              Key management personnel have authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities
              of the Company and the Consolidated Entity. Key management personnel comprise the directors of the Company
              and executives for the Company and the Consolidated Entity.

              Compensation levels for key management personnel are competitively set to attract and retain appropriately
              qualified and experienced directors and executives.

              The compensation structures explained below are designed to attract suitably qualified candidates, reward the
              achievement of strategic objectives, and achieve the broader outcome of creation of value for shareholders. The
              compensation structures take into account:

                    •   The capability and experience of the key management personnel; and
                    •   The key management personnel’s ability to control the relevant segment’s performance.

              Compensation packages for executive key management personnel comprise fixed remuneration and may include
              bonuses or equity based remuneration as per individual contractual agreements or at the discretion of the Board
              where no contractual agreement exists.

              Fixed compensation
              Fixed compensation consists of base remuneration as well as employer contributions to superannuation funds.

              Compensation levels are reviewed periodically by the Board through a process that considers individual and overall
              performance of the Consolidated Entity. A senior executive’s compensation is also reviewed on promotion.

              Performance linked compensation
              Remuneration for certain individuals may be directly linked to the performance of, and outcomes achieved for, the
              Consolidated Entity at the discretion of the Board.

              The Board may utilise the Company’s Executive and Staff Option Plan (the Plan) to grant options over shares in the
              Company at its discretion in addition to the fixed compensation to achieve objectives of the Consolidated Entity. In
              determining the terms of options to be issued the Board sets an exercise price greater than the current share price
              to incentivise future performance that will drive growth in the Company’s share price. Further, under the terms of
              the Plan, where the employment or office of the option holder is terminated, any options which have not reached
              their vesting date will lapse and any options which have vested may be exercised within two months from the date
              of termination of employment, otherwise they will lapse.

              The Consolidated Entity has a policy that prohibits those that are granted share based payments as part of their
              remuneration from entering into other arrangements that limit their exposure to losses that would result from
              share price decreases.

              The Board considers that the most effective way to increase shareholder wealth is through the successful
              exploration and development of the Consolidated Entity’s mineral exploration properties. The Board considers that
              the Consolidated Entity’s remuneration policies incentivise key management personnel by providing rewards, over
              the short and long terms that are directly correlated to delivering value to shareholders through share price
              appreciation.




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT             - 31 -


Consequences of performance on shareholders’ wealth
In considering the Consolidated Entity’s performance and benefits for shareholders’ wealth, the Board has regard
to the following indices in respect of the current financial year and previous financial years.
                                                2018            2019           2020           2021            2022
Total exploration expenditure ($)           1,904,155      1,196,527      1,925,556       2,842,253      2,986,490
Net assets ($)                              6,753,815      4,963,477      8,527,920      16,750,981     19,275,820
Share Price at Year-end ($)                     0.011          0.003          0.002           0.082          0.675
Net loss for the year ($)                     926,051      2,832,520      1,465,806       6,352,848      1,040,005
Dividends Paid ($)                                NIL            NIL             NIL            NIL            NIL


On 27 October 2020 the Company completed a 1:70 share consolidation. The share price information for the 2018
to 2020 years is presented on a pre-consolidation basis.

The overall level of key management personnel’s compensation has been determined based on market conditions
and advancement of the Consolidated Entity’s projects.

Service contracts
The Consolidated Entity had the following service contracts with Key Management Personnel during the year:

Mr Richard Keevers was appointed Executive Director in December 2020 on an interim basis. The agreement with
Mr Keevers is informal and has no fixed term. Mr Keevers will be paid a fee of $9,750 per month (including statutory
superannuation) whilst he acts in an executive capacity.

The Company has a service arrangement with Archer Corporate Pty Ltd, an entity associated with Mr McPherson,
for the provision of accounting, secretarial and corporate services for remuneration of $90,000 per annum. The
arrangement provides for services to be provided as required and has no fixed term. Both parties may terminate
the agreement at any time by the giving of 1 months’ notice.

Non-executive directors
Total compensation for all non-executive directors is not to exceed $350,000 per annum. Directors’ base fees are
presently $70,000 per annum for the Chairman and $45,000 per annum for non-executive directors. Non-executive
directors do not receive performance-related compensation.
- 32 -    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


         3.2.     Key management personnel remuneration - audited
                  Details of the nature and amount of each major element of remuneration of each director of the Company and
                  other key management personnel are:
                                                                                                                Proportion of
                                                                                                               Remuneration
                                            Salaries      Super-         Leave                         Total     Performance
                                             & Fees annuation        Provisions   Options Remuneration                Related
                                   Year            $           $              $          $                 $                %
          Non-executive directors
          NA Seckold
          (Chairman)              2022           70,000                 -                  -             -             70,000     -
                                     2021        70,000                 -                  -             -             70,000     -
          FJ Bunting1                2022        45,000                 -                  -             -             45,000     -
                                     2021        30,000                 -                  -             -             30,000     -
          WD Batt1                   2022        45,000                 -                  -             -             45,000     -
                                     2021        30,000                 -                  -             -             30,000     -
          AJ McDonald2               2022        45,000                 -                  -             -             45,000     -
                                     2021        39,672                 -                  -             -             39,672     -
          Executive Directors
          RE Keevers3                2022       106,363          10,637                    -             -           117,000      -
                                     2021        73,973            7,027                   -             -             81,000     -
          Executive
          CJ McPherson               2022        90,000                 -                  -             -             90,000     -
                                     2021        90,000                 -                  -             -             90,000     -
          Total                      2022       401,363          10,637                    -             -           412,000
                                     2021       333,645            7,027                   -             -           506,362

             1.   Mr Bunting and Mr Batt were appointed Non-executive Directors on 3 November 2020
             2.   Mr McDonald resigned as a director on 3 November 2020 and was re-appointed as a director on 16 December 2020.
             3.   Mr Keevers was a Non-executive Director until his appointment as Executive Director on 16 December 2020.




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT               - 33 -


3.3   Equity instruments - audited
      All options refer to options over ordinary shares of the Company, Santana Minerals Limited.

      Options issued by the Company are exercisable on a one-for-one basis under the Santana Minerals Limited
      Executive and Staff Option Plan, unless specifically noted.

      Options and rights over equity instruments granted as compensation

      During the reporting period, no options over ordinary shares were granted as compensation to key management
      personnel.

      No options have been granted as compensation to key management personnel since the end of the financial year.

      Exercise of options granted as compensation

      During the reporting period, no shares were issued on the exercise of options previously granted as compensation.

      Movements in equity holdings and transactions

      The movements during the reporting period in the number of ordinary shares in the Company held directly,
      indirectly or beneficially, by each specified director or executive, including their personally related entities is as
      follows:
                                            Opening         Paid up/             Sold/           Held at
                                         1 July 2021      purchased        transferred     30 June 2022
         Non-executive Directors
        NA Seckold                       2,930,683                 -                 -       2,930,683
        FJ Bunting                     13,392,373                  -                 -      13,392,373
        WD Batt                          7,655,198                 -                 -       7,655,198
        AJ McDonald                      1,988,229                 -                 -       1,988,229
        Executive Director
        RE Keevers                          70,292                 -                 -           70,292
        Executives
        CJ McPherson                       156,891                 -                 -         156,891

      Loans to key management personnel and their related parties

      The Consolidated Entity did not have any outstanding loans directly or indirectly with key management personnel
      during the current financial year.

      Other key management personnel transactions

      Key management personnel hold positions in other entities that result in them having control, joint control or
      significant influence over the financial or operating policies of those entities.

      Key management personnel are able to receive remuneration directly through these entities. All amounts
      applicable to remuneration have been disclosed in section 3.2 of this Directors’ report.

      During the year the Consolidated Entity paid MIS Corporate Pty Ltd, an entity associated with Mr NA Seckold,
      $32,216 (2021: $24,375) for investor relations services. At reporting date $nil (2021: $2,062) was outstanding and
      payable to MIS Corporate Pty Ltd.
- 34 -    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


                  During the year the Consolidated Entity paid Minex Resources Limited, an entity associated with Mr F Bunting,
                  $152,257 (2021: $119,257) for consulting fees and hire of equipment. At reporting date there was $26,265 (2021:
                  $61,950) outstanding amount payable to Minex Resources Limited.

                  During the year the Consolidated Entity paid Waikaia Gold Limited, an entity associated with Mr W Batt,
                  $54,876 (2021: $Nil) for equipment hire and geological staff reimbursement. At reporting date there was
                  $2,873 (2021: $Nil) outstanding amount payable to Waikaia Gold Limited.

                  During the year the Consolidated Entity paid Mustang Resources Limited, an entity associated with Mr W
                  Batt, $3,810 (2021: $Nil) for consulting services. At reporting date there was $Nil (2021: $Nil) outstanding
                  amount payable to Mustang Resources Limited.

                  During the year the Consolidated Entity paid MH Private Pty Ltd, an entity associated with Mr McPherson, $4,800
                  (2021 $2,800) for bookkeeping services. At reporting date there was no amount outstanding (2021: $nil) payable
                  to MH Private Pty Ltd.

                  In July 2014, the Consolidated Entity entered into agreements allowing it to earn 80% of the Cuitaboca Project
                  from an entity associated with Mr NA Seckold. Under the terms of the agreements, the Consolidated Entity made
                  a payment of A$100,000 and has committed to meeting 100% of expenditure, thereby providing the Consolidated
                  Entity with management of the Cuitaboca Project through an initial 100% ownership of Minera Cuitaboca S.A. de
                  C.V. (Project Company).

                  Apart from the details disclosed in this section, no director has entered into a material contract with the Company
                  or the Consolidated Entity and there were no material contracts involving directors’ interests existing at year-end.


         4. Principal activities
         The principal activities of the Consolidated Entity during the course of the financial year were the exploration for gold,
         silver and base metals and the investigation of projects involving those activities with the objective of identifying,
         developing and exploiting economic mineral deposits. Those activities were undertaken in New Zealand and Mexico.

         There was no significant change in the nature of the activities of the Consolidated Entity during the year.


         5.       Operating and financial review
         Operating review
         The review of operations of the Consolidated Entity during the year is detailed in the review of operations commencing
         on page 2 of this annual report and forms part of the directors’ report.

         Financial review
         At the end of the financial year the Consolidated Entity had $2,450,528 (2021: $3,930,780) in cash and at call deposits.
         Capitalised mineral exploration and evaluation expenditure carried forward was $16,800,234 (2021: $12,838,632).

         The Consolidated Entity had net assets of $19,275,820 (2021: $16,750,981).

         Business risks
         The prospects of the Consolidated Entity in progressing their exploration projects may be affected by a number of
         factors. These factors are similar to most exploration companies moving through exploration phase and attempting to
         get projects into development. Some of these factors include:

                 Exploration - the results of the exploration activities may be such that the estimated resources are insufficient to
                  justify the financial viability of the projects. The Consolidated Entity undertakes extensive exploration and


          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT              - 35 -


         product quality testing prior to establishing JORC compliant resource estimates and to (ultimately) support mining
         feasibility studies. The Consolidated Entity engages external experts to assist with the evaluation of exploration
         results where required and utilises third party competent persons to prepare JORC resource statements or
         suitably qualified senior management of the Consolidated Entity. Economic feasibility modelling of projects will
         be conducted in conjunction with third party experts and the results of which will usually be subject to
         independent third party peer review.

        Social Licence to Operate – the ability of the Consolidated Entity to secure and undertake exploration and
         development activities within prospective areas is also reliant upon satisfactory resolution of native title and
         (potentially) overlapping tenure. To address this risk, the Consolidated Entity develops strong, long term effective
         relationships with landholders with a focus on developing mutually acceptable access arrangements. The
         Consolidated Entity takes appropriate legal and technical advice to ensure it manages its compliance obligations
         appropriately.

        Environmental - All phases of mining and exploration present environmental risks and hazards. The Consolidated
         Entity ’s operations are subject to environmental regulations pursuant to a variety of state and municipal laws
         and regulations. Environmental legislation provides for, among other things, restrictions and prohibitions on
         spills, releases or emissions of various substances produced in association with mining operations. Compliance
         with such legislation can require significant expenditures and a breach may result in the imposition of fines and
         penalties, some of which may be material. Environmental legislation is evolving in a manner expected to result in
         stricter standards and enforcement, larger fines and liability and potentially increased capital expenditures and
         operating costs. Environmental assessments of proposed projects carry a heightened degree of responsibility for
         companies and directors, officers and employees. The Consolidated Entity assesses each of its projects very
         carefully with respect to potential environmental issues, in conjunction with specific environmental regulations
         applicable to each project, prior to commencing field exploration. Periodic reviews are undertaken once field
         exploration commences.

        Safety - Safety is of critical importance in the planning, organisation and execution of the Consolidated Entity ’s
         exploration and development activities. The Consolidated Entity is committed to providing and maintaining a
         working environment in which its employees are not exposed to hazards that will jeopardise an employee’s
         health, safety or the health and safety of others associated with our business. The Consolidated Entity recognises
         that safety is both an individual and shared responsibility of all employees, contractors and other persons
         involved with the operation of the organisation. The Consolidated Entity has a Safety and Health Management
         system which is designed to minimise the risk of an uncontrolled safety and health event and to continuously
         improve the safety culture within the organisation.

        Funding - the Consolidated Entity will require additional funding to continue exploration and potentially move
         from the exploration phase to the development phases of its projects. There is no certainty that the Consolidated
         Entity will have access to available financial resources sufficient to fund its exploration, feasibility or development
         costs at those times.

        Market - there are numerous factors involved with exploration and early stage development of its projects,
         including variance in commodity price and labour costs which can result in projects being uneconomical.


6.       Dividends
No dividends have been paid, and the directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend for the year ended 30 June
2022.
- 36 -    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


         7.       Events subsequent to reporting date

         On 22 July 2022, the Company announced that it has received commitments to raise $9.375m through the issue of
         15,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares at $0.625 per share (Placement Shares).

         The Placement was completed in 2 tranches. 9,800,0000 Placement Shares (first tranche) were issued on 27 July 2022
         under the Company’s existing placement capacity as provided for by ASX Listing Rule 7.1. The issue of a further 5,200,000
         Placement Shares (second tranche) were subject to shareholder approval at a meeting held on 2 September 2022 and
         subsequently issued on 9 September 2022.

         Other than as outlined, since the end of the financial year and to the date of this report no matter or circumstance has
         arisen which has significantly affected, or may significantly affect, the operations of the Consolidated Entity, the results of
         those operations or the state of affairs of the Consolidated Entity in subsequent financial years.


         8.       Likely developments
         The Consolidated Entity will continue to pursue its objective of exploration and evaluation for gold, silver and base metals
         with the objective of eventually developing a commercially viable mining operation. The Consolidated Entity will also
         continue to investigate other projects and opportunities involving those activities. These activities will be undertaken
         within the constraints of its finances.

         Further information about likely developments in the operations of the Consolidated Entity has not been included in this
         report because disclosure of the information would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the Consolidated Entity
         and given the nature of exploration and evaluation it does not have sufficient certainty.


         9. Environmental regulation and performance

         The Consolidated Entity holds various exploration licences that regulate its exploration activities in New Zealand and
         Mexico. These licences include conditions and regulations with respect to the rehabilitation of areas disturbed during the
         course of the Consolidated Entity’s exploration activities.

         There have been no significant known breaches of the Consolidated Entity’s licence conditions and at the date of this
         report, no agency has notified the Consolidated Entity of any environmental breaches during the financial year, nor are
         the Directors aware of any environmental breaches.


         10. Changes in state of affairs

         In the opinion of the Directors, significant changes in the state of affairs of the Consolidated Entity that occurred during
         the year ended 30 June 2021 were as follows:

              • On 9 November 2021, the Company announced that it had completed a placement of 18,604,652 fully paid ordinary
                shares at $0.215 to raise $4m.




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT              - 37 -


11. Directors’ interests

The relevant interest of each director in the shares or other securities issued by the Company and other related bodies
corporate, as noted by the directors to the Australian Securities Exchange in accordance with section 205G(1) of the
Corporations Act 2001, at the date of this report is as follows:

  Director                                                  Fully Paid Ordinary Share*

  Norman A. Seckold                                                         2,930,683
  Richard E. Keevers                                                           70,292
  Frederick J. Bunting                                                     13,392,373
  Warren D. Batt                                                            7,655,198
  Anthony J. McDonald                                                       1,988,229
 * Includes shares and options held directly and/or indirectly


12. Share options
Unissued shares under options
At the date of this report unissued ordinary shares of the Company under option are:

          Expiry Date                           Exercise Price      Number of Shares
          3 November 2022                                $0.20             1,140,310
          3 November 2023                                $0.25             1,140,310
          3 November 2024                                $0.30             1,140,310

The names of persons who currently hold options are entered in the register of options kept by the Company pursuant to
the Corporations Act 2001. The persons entitled to exercise the options do not have, by virtue of the options, the right to
participate in a share issue of any other body corporate.

Shares issued on exercise of options

During the reporting period, no shares were issued on the exercise of options previously granted.

13. Officers’ indemnities and insurance

During or since the end of the financial year the Company paid an insurance premium to insure certain officers of the
Company and controlled entities. The officers covered by the insurance policy include the Directors and the Company
Secretary named in this report.

The Directors and Officers Liability insurance provides cover against all costs and expenses that may be incurred in
defending civil proceedings that fall within the scope of the indemnity and that may be brought against the officers in their
capacity as officers of the Company or a controlled entity. The insurance policy does not contain details of the premium
paid in respect of individual officers of the Company or controlled entity. Disclosure of the nature of the liability cover and
the amount of the premium is subject to a confidentiality clause under the insurance policy.

The Company has not entered into any agreement to indemnify any auditor of the Consolidated Entity.
- 38 -    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


         14. Non-audit services

         During the year KPMG, the Company’s auditor, has performed certain other services in addition to their statutory duties.

         The Board has considered the non-audit services provided during the year by the auditor and is satisfied that the provision
         of those non-audit services during the year by the auditor is compatible with, and did not compromise the auditor
         independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 for the following reasons:

                      •    The non-audit services have been reviewed by the Board to ensure such services do not impact the
                           integrity and objectivity of the auditor; and
                      •    The non-audit services provided do not undermine general principles relating to auditor independence
                           as set out in APES110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards),
                           as they did not involve reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or decision
                           making capacity for the Company, acting as an advocate for the Company or jointly sharing risks or
                           rewards.

         Details of the amounts paid to the auditor of the Company, KPMG, and its related practices for audit and non-audit
         services provided during the year are set out below.
                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                 2022                      2021
                                                                                                     $                        $
          Audit Services
          Audit and review of financial reports                                                85,750                   92,500
                                                                                               85,750                   92,500
          Other services
          Taxation compliance services                                                            7,000                      7,000
                                                                                                  7,000                      7,000



         15. Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration

         The lead auditor’s independence declaration is set out on page 39 and forms part of the directors’ report for the
         financial year ended 30 June 2022.



         This report is made with a resolution of the directors:




         ___________________________

         NA Seckold
         Chairman

         Dated at Brisbane this 28th day of September 2022.




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                  SANTANA MINERALS AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES │ ABN 37 161 946 989                                    - 39 -




 Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration under
 Section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
 To the Directors of Santana Minerals Limited


 I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit of Santana Minerals Limited for
 the year ended 30 June 2022 there have been:
           i.        no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the Corporations
                     Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and
           ii.       no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




 KPMG                                                       Simon Crane
                                                            Partner


                                                            Brisbane
                                                            28 September 2022




KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms
affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The
KPMG name and logo are trademarks used under license by the independent member firms of the KPMG global
organisation. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
- 40 -    SANTANA MINERALS AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES │ ABN 37 161 946 989



         Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
         for the Year Ended 30 June 2022

                                                                                           30 June 2022                30 June 2021
                                                                    Note
                                                                                                      $                           $

           Continuing operations
           Government grant received                                                                   -                      37,500
           General and administrative expenses                                                 (879,681)                 (1,074,808)
           Exploration and evaluation expenses                       13                        (111,983)                   (188,151)
           Results from operating activities                                                   (991,664)                 (1,225,459)

           Financing income                                           3                               717                      1,027
           Financing expenses                                         3                             (209)                   (17,940)
           Net financing income/(expense)                                                             508                   (16,913)


           Impairment of equity-accounted investees, net
                                                                      9
           of tax                                                                                        -               (1,088,852)
           Share of loss of equity accounted investments,
                                                                      9
           net of tax                                                                            (48,849)                   (36,478)

           Loss before income tax benefit                                                    (1,040,005)                 (2,367,702)
           Income tax benefit                                         6                                -                           -
           Loss from continuing operations                                                   (1,040,005)                 (2,367,702)

           Loss from discontinued operations                         13                                  -               (3,985,146)
           Loss for the year – attributable to
           Shareholders of the Company                                                       (1,040,005)                 (6,352,848)

           Earnings per share
           Basic loss per share                                        7                     (0.82) cents                (7.19) cents
           Diluted loss per share                                      7                     (0.82) cents                (7.19) cents

           Earnings per share – continuing
           operations
           Basic loss per share                                        7                     (0.82) cents                (2.68) cents
           Diluted loss per share                                      7                     (0.82) cents                (2.68) cents



         The consolidated statement of profit or loss is to be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                            SANTANA MINERALS AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES │ ABN 37 161 946 989                           - 41 -


Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income
for the Year Ended 30 June 2022

                                                                                   30 June 2022           30 June 2021
                                                                                              $                      $

  Net loss for the year                                                              (1,040,005)            (6,352,848)

  Other comprehensive income
  Items that may subsequently be reclassified to profit or
  loss:
  Foreign exchange translation differences                                             (147,139)              (188,414)
  Reclassification of foreign currency differences on sale of
  controlled entities                                                                            -              509,321
  Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income
  tax                                                                                  (147,139)                329,907

  Total comprehensive income for the year – attributable to
  Shareholders of the Company                                                        (1,187,144)            (6,022,941)




The consolidated statement of other comprehensive income is to be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial
statements.
- 42 -    SANTANA MINERALS AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES │ ABN 37 161 946 989


         Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
         as at 30 June 2022
                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                      2022                     2021
                                                                    Note
                                                                                                         $                        $
          Current assets
          Cash and cash equivalents                                                             2,450,528                3,930,780
          Trade and other receivables                                  8                          249,718                   63,016
          Prepayments                                                                              57,199                   42,778
          Total current assets                                                                  2,757,445                4,036,574

          Non-current assets
          Equity accounted investees                                  9                           151,151                  200,000
          Property, plant and equipment                               10                          209,612                   67,083
          Exploration and evaluation expenditure                      11                       16,800,234               12,838,632
          Total non-curent assets                                                              17,160,997               13,105,715

          Total assets                                                                         19,918,442               17,142,289

          Current liabilities
          Trade and other payables                                                                642,622                  391,308
          Total current liabilities                                                               642,622                  391,308

          Total liabilities                                                                       642,622                  391,308

          Net assets                                                                           19,275,820               16,750,981

          Equity
          Share capital                                               12                       52,491,906               48,779,923
          Reserves                                                                              (367,183)                (220,044)
          Accumulated losses                                                                 (32,848,903)             (31,808,898)

          Total equity
                                                                                               19,275,820               16,750,981




          The consolidated statement of financial position is to be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                            SANTANA MINERALS AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES │ ABN 37 161 946 989                              - 43 -


Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the Year Ended 30 June 2022
                                                                     Foreign
                                                                    currency
                                                      Issued      translation Accumulated
                                                      capital        reserve       losses                 Total equity
Opening balance at 1 July 2021                   48,779,923         (220,044)     (31,808,898)            16,750,981
Loss for the year                                         -                 -      (1,040,005)            (1,040,005)
Other comprehensive income/(loss)                           -       (147,139)                  -             (147,139)
Total comprehensive income for the year                     -       (147,139)       (1,040,005)           (1,187,144)
Shares issued                                     4,000,000                   -                -            4,000,000
Share issue costs                                  (288,017)                  -                -             (288,017)
Total transactions with owners                    3,711,983                   -                -            3,711,983
Balance at 30 June 2022                          52,491,906         (367,183)     (32,848,903)             19,275,820


                                                                     Foreign
                                                                    currency
                                                      Issued      translation Accumulated
                                                      capital        reserve       losses                 Total equity
Opening balance at 1 July 2020                   35,071,891         (549,951)     (25,994,020)              8,527,920
Loss for the year                                         -                 -      (6,352,848)            (6,352,848)
Other comprehensive income                                  -         329,907                  -              329,907
Total comprehensive income for the year                     -         329,907       (6,352,848)           (6,022,941)
Transactions with owners recorded
directly in equity
Share-based payments (net of tax)                           -                 -        537,970                537,970
Shares issued                                    14,755,913                   -                -           14,755,913
Share issue costs                                (1,047,881)                  -                -          (1,047,881)
Total transactions with owners                   13,708,032                   -        537,970             14,246,002
Balance at 30 June 2021                          48,779,923         (220,044)     (31,808,898)             16,750,981




The consolidated statement of changes in equity is to be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.
- 44 -    SANTANA MINERALS AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES │ ABN 37 161 946 989


         Consolidated Statement of Cash flows
         for the Year Ended 30 June 2022

                                                                                          30 June 2022          30 June 2021
                                                                              Note
                                                                                                        $                     $
           Cash flows from operating activities
           Cash paid to suppliers and employees                                               (931,462)           (1,109,710)
           Cash paid for exploration and evaluation expenditure
           expensed                                                                           (111,983)             (610,090)
           Interest received                                                                         717                1,027
           Net cash used in operating activities                                  18        (1,042,728)           (1,718,773)


           Cash flows from investing activities
           Payments for exploration and evaluation expenditure
           capitalised                                                                      (3,972,784)           (2,139,592)
           Bonds received                                                                               -               1,350
           Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                       (172,658)              (69,597)
           Net cash used in investing activities                                            (4,145,442)           (2,207,839)


           Cash flows from financing activities
           Proceeds from issue of shares                                                      4,000,000            7,500,000
           Share issue costs                                                                  (288,017)             (474,199)
           Net cash provided by financing activities                                          3,711,983            7,025,801

           Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents
           held                                                                             (1,476,187)            3,099,189
           Effects of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held                                    (4,065)                     633
           Cash and cash equivalents at 1 July                                                3,930,780               830,958
           Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June                                               2,450,528            3,930,780




         The consolidated statement of cash flows is to be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022                                - 45 -


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Year Ended 30 June 2022
1.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(a)   Reporting entity
      Santana Minerals Limited (the “Company”) is a Company domiciled in Australia. The address of the Company’s
      registered office is Level 1, 371 Queen Street, Brisbane QLD 4000. The consolidated financial report of the
      Company as at and for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 comprises the Company and its subsidiaries
      (together referred to as the “Consolidated Entity”). The Consolidated Entity is a for-profit entity and is primarily
      involved in exploration activities.

      The consolidated financial report was authorised for issue by the directors on 28 September 2022.

(b)   Basis of accounting
      The consolidated financial report is a general purpose financial report which has been prepared in accordance
      with Australian Accounting Standards (AASBs) adopted by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and
      the Corporations Act 2001. The consolidated financial report complies with International Financial Reporting
      Standards (IFRSs) adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

      Accounting policies have been applied consistently to all periods presented in the consolidated financial report.
      The accounting policies have been applied consistently by all entities in the Consolidated Entity.

(c)   Basis of measurement
      The financial report is presented in Australian dollars, which is the Company’s functional currency. The financial
      report is prepared on the historical cost basis.

      The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions
      that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and
      expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

      Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
      recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.

      In particular, information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a significant risk of resulting
      in a material adjustment within the next financial year are described in the following notes:

      •   carrying value of exploration and evaluation expenditure (Note 11); and
      •   going concern (Note 1(r)).

      Information about critical judgements in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the
      amounts recognised in the financial statements is included in the following note:

      •   capitalisation of exploration and evaluation expenditure (Note 11); and
      •   accounting for associate (Note 9).
- 46 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022


         (d)   Basis of consolidation
               Subsidiaries
               Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Consolidated Entity. Control exists when the Consolidated Entity is
               exposed to, or has the rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect
               those returns through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the
               consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases.

               Transactions eliminated on consolidation
               Intragroup balances, and any unrealised gains and losses or income and expenses arising from intragroup
               transactions, are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

         (e)   Finance income and expense
               Finance income comprises interest receivable on funds invested, profits on sale of financial assets and foreign
               exchange gains. Finance expense comprises foreign exchange losses and impairment losses on financial assets.

               Interest income is recognised in profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method. Dividend income
               is recognised in the profit or loss on the date the entity’s right to receive payments is established.

               Foreign exchange gains and losses are reported on a net basis.

         (f)   Goods and services tax and other value added taxes
               Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of goods and services tax (GST) or value added
               tax (VAT), except where the amount of GST/VAT incurred is not recoverable from the taxation authority. In these
               circumstances, the GST/VAT is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense.

               Receivables and payables are stated with the amount of GST/VAT included. The net amount of GST/VAT recoverable
               from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as an asset or liability in the statement of financial position.

               Cash flows are included in the statement of cash flows on a gross basis. The GST/VAT components of cash flows
               arising from investing and financing activities which are recoverable from, or payable to, tax authorities are
               classified as operating cash flows.

         (g)   Foreign currency
               Foreign currency transactions
               Transactions in foreign currencies are translated at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the transaction.
               Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated to the
               respective functional currencies at the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Foreign exchange differences
               arising on translation are recognised in profit or loss. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in
               terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.

               Financial statements of foreign operations
               The assets and liabilities of foreign operations generally are translated to Australian dollars at foreign exchange rates
               ruling at the reporting date. The revenues and expenses of foreign operations are translated to Australian dollars at
               rates approximating the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions.

               Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from a monetary item receivable from or payable to a foreign operation,
               the settlement of which is neither planned nor likely in the foreseeable future, are considered to form part of a
               net investment in a foreign operation and are recognised directly in equity in the foreign currency translation
               reserve. They are transferred to profit or loss upon disposal of the foreign operation.




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022                                        - 47 -


(h)   Equity-accounted investees
      The Consolidated Entity’s interests in equity-accounted investees comprise interest in associates.

      Associates are those entities in which the Consolidated Entity has significant influence, but not control or joint
      control, over the financial and operating policies.

      Interests in associates are accounted for using the equity method. They are initially recognised at cost, which
      includes transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements include the
      Consolidated Entity’s share of the profit or loss and OCI of equity-accounted investees, until the date on which
      significant influence ceases.

(i)   Income tax
      Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognised in the profit or loss
      except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is recognised in equity.

      Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively
      enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

      Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
      liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for tax purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised
      for temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor
      taxable profit and differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that they will probably not
      reverse in the foreseeable future.

      Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they
      reverse, based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date. Deferred tax
      assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and assets, and
      they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities,
      but they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised
      simultaneously.

      A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
      against which the temporary difference can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date
      and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.

      Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised at the same time as the
      liability to pay the related dividend.

(j)   Loss per share
      Basic loss per share (LPS) is calculated by dividing the net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
      Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.

      Diluted LPS is calculated by adjusting the net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted average
      number of ordinary shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.
- 48 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022


         (k)   Financial instruments
               Non-derivative financial instruments

               Recognition and measurement

               Trade receivables and debt securities are initially recognised when they are originated. All other financial assets
               and financial liabilities are initially recognised when the Consolidated Entity becomes a party to the contractual
               provisions of the instrument.

               Financial assets (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component) or financial liabilities
               are initially measured at fair value plus, for an item not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable
               to its acquisition or issue. A trade receivable without a significant financing component is initially measured at
               the transaction price.

               Classification and subsequent measurement

               On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified and measured at: amortised cost; FVOCI – debt instrument;
               FVOCI – equity instrument; or FVTPL.

               Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Consolidated Entity changes
               its business model for managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the
               first day of the first reporting period following the change in the business model.

               A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated
               as at FVTPL:

                   –    it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold asset to collect contractual cash flows; and
                   –    its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payment of principal and
                        interest on the principal amount outstanding.
               A debt instrument is measured at FVOCI if it meets both the following conditions:

                   –    it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by collecting contractual cash flows and
                        selling the financial assets; and
                   –    its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that solely principal and interest on the
                        principal amount outstanding.
               On initial recognition of an equity instrument that is not held for trading, the Consolidated Entity may irrevocably
               elect to present subsequent change in the investments fair value in OCI. This election is made on an investment-
               by-investment basis.

               All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVOCI as described above are measured at
               FVTPL. This includes all derivative financial assets. On initial recognition the Consolidated Entity may irrevocably
               designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the requirement to be measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI
               as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise.




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022                                   - 49 -


 Financial assets at       These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and losses, including
 FVTPL                     in any interest or dividend income, are recognised in profit or loss.

 Financial assets at       These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
 amortised cost            method. The amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign
                           exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or
                           loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.

 Debt investments at       These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest income calculated using
 FVOCI                     the effective interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are
                           recognised in profit or loss. Other net gains and losses are recognised in OCI. On
                           derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in OCI are reclassified to profit or loss.

 Equity investments        These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are recognised as
 at FVOCI                  income in profit or loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the
                           cost of investment. Other net gains or losses are recognised in OCI and are never
                           reclassified to profit or loss.


Financial liabilities – classification subsequent measurement and gains and losses

Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as FVTPL
if it is classified as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition. Financial
liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, are
recognised in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss.
Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.

Derecognition

Financial assets

The Consolidated Entity derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
financial asset expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which
substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in which the
Consolidated Entity neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it does
not retain control of the financial asset.

Financial liabilities

The Consolidated Entity derecognises a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged,
cancelled, or expired. The Consolidated Entity also derecognises a financial liability when its terms are modified
and the cash flows of the modified liability are substantially different, in which case a new financial liability based
on the modified terms is recognised at fair value On derecognition of a financial liability, the difference between
the carrying amount extinguished and the consideration paid (including any non-cash assets transferred or
liabilities assumed) is recognised in profit or loss.

Offsetting

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial
position when, and only when, the Consolidated Entity currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the
amounts and it intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability
simultaneously.

Share capital
Incremental costs directly attributable to issue of ordinary shares and share options, other than options issued as
part of an employee share based payment arrangement, are recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any
related income tax benefit. Dividends are recognised as a liability in the year in which they are declared.
- 50 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022


         (l)   Property, plant and equipment

               Owned assets
               Items of property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.
               The cost of acquired assets includes (i) the initial estimate at the time of installation and during the period of use,
               when relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring the site on which they are
               located, and (ii) changes in the measurement of existing liabilities recognised for these costs resulting from
               changes in the timing or outflow of resources required to settle the obligation or from changes in the discount
               rate. Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of that
               equipment.

               Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as
               separate items of property, plant and equipment.

               Gains and losses on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are determined by comparing the
               proceeds from disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and are recognised net within
               “other income” in profit or loss.

               Subsequent costs
               The Consolidated Entity recognises in the carrying amount of an item of property, plant and equipment the cost
               of replacing part of such an item when that cost is incurred if it is probable that the future economic benefits
               embodied within the item will flow to the Consolidated Entity and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.
               All other costs are recognised in the profit or loss as an expense as incurred.

               Depreciation
               Depreciation is charged to the profit or loss on a straight-line or reducing balance basis over the estimated useful
               lives of each part of an item of property, plant and equipment. The depreciation rates used for each class of asset
               in the current and comparative periods are as follows:

                     Motor vehicles                                         20 – 22.5 %
                     Plant and Equipment                                           20 %
                     Furniture and fittings                                   10 - 40 %

               Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reassessed at the reporting date.

         (m)   Segment reporting
               An operating segment is a component of the Consolidated Entity:

               •   that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, including revenues
                   and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Consolidated Entity’s other components;
               •   whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the directors to make decisions about resources to be
                   allocated to the segment and assess its performance; and
               •   for which discrete financial information is available.

               Segment results that are reported to the directors include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those
               that can be allocated on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items comprise mainly corporate assets (primarily cash
               and listed securities), head office expenses, and income tax assets and liabilities.

               Segment capital expenditure is the total cost incurred during the period to acquire property, plant and equipment.
               It also includes costs incurred on exploration and evaluation of the Consolidated Entity’s exploration projects.




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022                               - 51 -


(n)   Provisions
      A provision is recognised when the Consolidated Entity has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result
      of a past event that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be
      required to settle the obligation. Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a
      pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
      liability.

(o)   Employee benefits

      Wages, salaries, and annual leave
      Liabilities for employee benefits for wages, salaries and annual leave represent present obligations resulting from
      employees’ services provided to reporting date, calculated at undiscounted amounts based on remuneration
      wage and salary rates that the Consolidated Entity expects to pay as at reporting date including related on-costs,
      such as workers compensation insurance and payroll tax.

      Termination benefits
      Termination benefits are recognised as an expense when the Consolidated Entity is demonstrably committed,
      without realistic possibility of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment before the
      normal retirement date, or to provide termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary
      redundancy. Termination benefits for voluntary redundancies are recognised as an expense if the Consolidated
      Entity has made an offer encouraging voluntary redundancy, it is probable that the offer will be accepted, and the
      number of acceptances can be estimated reliably.

      Long-term service benefits
      The Consolidated Entity’s obligations in respect of long-term service benefits, other than pension plans, is the
      amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods.
      The obligation is calculated using expected future increases in wage and salary rates including related on-costs
      and expected settlement dates, and is discounted to determine its present value. Remeasurements are
      recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

      Defined contribution superannuation funds
      Obligations for contributions to defined contribution superannuation funds are recognised as an expense in profit
      or loss as incurred.

      Share-based payment transactions
      The grant date fair value of equity settled share-based transactions is recognised as an employee benefits
      expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period that the employees become unconditionally
      entitled to the options. The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of share
      options that vest, except for those that fail to vest due to market conditions not being met.

(p)   Impairment – non-financial assets

      The carrying amounts of the Consolidated Entity’s non-financial assets, other than deferred tax assets, are
      reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication
      exists then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.

      For exploration and evaluation expenditure assets indicators of impairment may include:

          •   The period for which the Consolidated Entity has the right to explore in the specific area has expired
              during the period or will expire in the near future, and is not expected to be renewed;
          •   Substantive expenditure on further exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources in the specific
              area is neither budgeted nor planned;
- 52 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022


                   •   Exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources in the specific area have not led to the discovery of
                       commercially viable quantities of mineral resources and the entity has decided to discontinue such
                       activities in the specific area; or
                   •   Sufficient data exist to indicate that, although a development in the specific area is likely to proceed, the
                       carrying amount of the exploration and evaluation asset is unlikely to be recovered in full from successful
                       development or by sale.

               For the purpose of impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that
               generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or
               groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”).

               An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its
               recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect
               of cash-generating units are allocated to reduce the carrying amount of the assets in the unit (group of units) on
               a pro rata basis.

               The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less
               costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using
               a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
               to the asset.

         (q)   Exploration and evaluation expenditure
               Exploration and evaluation costs, including the costs of acquiring licences, are capitalised as exploration and
               evaluation assets on an area of interest basis. Costs incurred before the Consolidated Entity has obtained the legal
               rights to explore an area are recognised in the profit or loss.

               Exploration and evaluation assets are only recognised if the rights of the area of interest are current and either:

                   •   the expenditures are expected to be recouped through successful development and exploitation of the
                       area of interest or alternatively by its sale; or
                   •   activities in the area of interest have not at the reporting date, reached a stage which permits a
                       reasonable assessment of the existence or otherwise of economically recoverable reserves and active
                       and significant operations in, or in relation to, the area of interest are continuing.

               Exploration and evaluation assets are assessed for impairment when facts and circumstances suggest that the
               carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount. For the purposes of impairment testing, exploration and
               evaluation assets are allocated to cash-generating units to which the exploration activity related. The cash
               generating unit shall not be larger than the area of interest.

               Once the technical feasibility and commercial viability of the extraction of mineral resources in an area of interest
               are demonstrable, exploration and evaluation assets attributable to that area of interest are first tested for
               impairment and then reclassified from intangible assets to mining property and development assets within
               property, plant and equipment.

         (r)   Going concern
               The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of accounting principles applicable to a
               “going concern” which assumes the Consolidated Entity will continue in operation for the foreseeable future and
               will be able to realise its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of operations.

               The Consolidated Entity currently has no source of operating cash inflows, other than interest income, and has
               incurred net cash outflows from operating and investing activities for the year ended 30 June 2022 of $5,188,170
               (2021: $3,926,612).




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022                                    - 53 -


      At 30 June 2022, the Consolidated Entity had cash balances of $2,450,528 (2021: $3,930,780) and net working
      capital (current assets less current liabilities) of $2,114,823 (2021: $3,645,266).

      The Consolidated Entity has the ability to seek to raise funds from shareholders or other investors and intends to
      raise such funds as and when required to complete its projects. Subsequent to the end of the reporting period
      the Consolidated Entity announced that it had completed a placement of $9.375m through the issue of 15,000,000
      fully paid ordinary shares at $0.625 per share.

      The directors have prepared cash flow projections that support the ability of the Consolidated Entity to continue
      as a going concern. These cash flow projections assume the Consolidated Entity obtains sufficient additional
      funding from shareholders or other parties as required to meet its objectives. If such funding is not achieved, the
      Consolidated Entity plans to reduce expenditure significantly, which may result in an impairment loss on the book
      value of exploration and evaluation expenditure recorded at reporting date.

      These conditions give rise to a material uncertainty that may cast doubt upon the Consolidated Entity’s ability to
      continue as a going concern. The ongoing operation of the Consolidated Entity is dependent upon:

              •    The Consolidated Entity raising additional funding from shareholders or other parties; and/or

              •    The Consolidated Entity reducing expenditure in line with available funding.

      In the longer term, the development of economically recoverable mineral deposits found on the Consolidated
      Entity’s existing or future exploration properties depends on the ability of the Consolidated Entity to obtain
      financing through equity financing, debt financing or other means. If the Consolidated Entity’s exploration
      programs are ultimately successful, additional funds will be required to develop the Consolidated Entity’s
      properties and to place them into commercial production. The ability of the Consolidated Entity to arrange such
      funding in the future will depend in part upon the prevailing capital market conditions as well as the business
      performance of the Consolidated Entity. There can be no assurance that the Consolidated Entity will be successful
      in its efforts to arrange additional financing, if needed, on terms satisfactory to the Consolidated Entity. If
      adequate financing is not available, the Consolidated Entity may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or
      eliminate its current or future exploration activities or relinquish rights to certain of its interests. Failure to obtain
      additional financing on a timely basis could cause the Consolidated Entity to forfeit its interests in some or all of
      its properties and reduce or terminate its operations.

(s)   Government Grants
      Government grants are assistance by government in the form of transfers of resources to an entity in return for
      past or future compliance with certain conditions relating to the operating activities of the entity.

      Government grants are recognised at fair value when there is reasonable assurance that the Consolidated Entity
      will comply with the conditions attaching to them and the grants will be received. Fair value is the amount for
      which an asset could be exchanged between a buyer in an arm’s length transaction.

      Government grants are presented separately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Grants in recognition
      of specific expenses are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the same period.

(t)   Discontinued Operations
      A discontinued operation is a component of the consolidated entity that has been disposed of or is classified as
      held for sale and that represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations, is part of a
      single coordinated plan to dispose of such a line of business or area of operations, or is a subsidiary acquired
      exclusively with a view to resale. The results of discontinued operations are presented separately on the face of
      the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
- 54 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022


         2.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
         (a)   Overview
               The Consolidated Entity has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments:

                       •   Credit risk
                       •   Liquidity risk
                       •   Market risk
               This note presents information about the Consolidated Entity’s exposure to each of the above risks, its objectives,
               policies and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the management of capital. Further quantitative
               disclosures are included throughout this financial report.

               The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the risk management
               framework and policies. The board oversees the establishment, implementation and regular review of the
               Consolidated Entity’s risk management system and to this end has adopted risk management policies to protect
               the assets and undertakings of the Consolidated Entity.

               Risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Consolidated Entity, to set
               appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management policies and
               systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Consolidated Entity’s activities

               The Board oversees how management monitors compliance with the Consolidated Entity’s risk management
               policies and procedures and reviews the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risks
               faced by the Consolidated Entity.

               Financial risk is managed by Chief Executive Officer and overviewed by the Board.

         (b)   Credit risk
               Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Consolidated Entity if a customer or counterparty to a financial
               instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations. The Consolidated Entity’s exposure to credit risk is minimal
               other than those exposures with respect to credit risk set out in Note 17.

         (c)   Liquidity risk
               Liquidity risk is the risk that the Consolidated Entity will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall
               due. The Consolidated Entity’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always
               have sufficient cash to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring
               unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Consolidated Entity’s reputation. The Consolidated Entity monitors
               its cash holdings on a regular basis in relation to actual cash flows, financial obligations and planned activities in
               order to manage liquidity risk.

         (d)   Market risk
               Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and equity
               prices, will affect the Consolidated Entity’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The
               objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable
               parameters, while optimising the return.

               The Consolidated Entity is exposed to currency risk on purchases that are denominated in a currency other than
               the respective functional currencies of its subsidiaries, which are the Australian dollar (AUD), the Mexican peso
               (MXP) and the New Zealand Dollar (NZD). The currencies in which these transactions primarily are denominated
               are AUD, MXP, and NZD, while a significant amount of transactions are also denominated in the United States
               dollar (USD). The Consolidated Entity seeks to minimise its exposure to currency risk by monitoring exchange
               rates and entering into foreign currency transactions that maximise the Consolidated Entity’s position. The
               Consolidated Entity does not presently enter into hedging arrangements to hedge its currency risk. All foreign



          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022                                - 55 -


      currency transactions are entered into at spot rates. The Board considers this policy appropriate, taking into
      account the Consolidated Entity’s size, current stage of operations, financial position and the Board’s approach to
      risk management.

(e)   Capital management
      The Board’s policy is to maintain a sufficient capital base so as to maintain investor, creditor and market
      confidence and to sustain future development of the business. The Board considers current cash reserves, aged
      payables and other current liabilities and short term receivables in its assessment of capital for the Consolidated
      Entity’s operations. Given the Consolidated Entity’s current stage of operations and financial position the Board
      is focused on investment of available capital in the Consolidated Entity’s operations.

      Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements.


3.    NET FINANCING INCOME/ (EXPENSE)
                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                    2022             2021
                                                                                                       $                $
        Interest income                                                                              717            1,027
        Financing income                                                                             717            1,027

        Foreign exchange loss                                                                       (209)         (17,940)
        Financing expense                                                                           (209)         (17,940)
        Net financing income/(expense)                                                                508         (16,913)



4.    PERSONNEL EXPENSES
                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                                                       $              $
        Non-executive Directors' Fees                                                            208,750       190,358
        Salaries and wages                                                                       229,626       360,893
        Superannuation contributions                                                              13,963         24,400
        Share based payments                                                                           -       (35,713)
        Total personnel expenses                                                                 452,339       539,938



5.    AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                    2022         2021
                                                                                                       $            $
       Audit services
       Audit and review of financial reports - KPMG                                               85,750          92,500
                                                                                                  85,750          92,500
       Other services
       Taxation compliance services - KPMG                                                          7,000          7,000
                                                                                                    7,000          7,000
- 56 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022


         6.   TAXATION
               Numerical reconciliation of income tax benefit
              (a) Income tax benefit recognised in the income statement
                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                          2022           2021
                                                                                                              $              $
               Loss before tax                                                                      (1,040,005)    (2,367,702)
               Income tax using domestic corporation tax rate 25% (2021: 30%)                         (260,001)      (710,311)
               (Increase)/decrease in tax benefit due to:
               Sundry items                                                                                 (83)       (20,122)
               Share based payments                                                                            -         (9,821)
               Difference in tax rate in foreign jurisdictions                                           (6,808)      (202,948)
               Deferred tax assets not brought to account                                               266,892         943,202
               Income tax benefit on continuing operations                                                     -               -

              (b) Unrecognised deferred tax assets
              Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items because it is not probable that
              future taxable profit will be available from which the Consolidated Entity can utilise the benefits:
                                                                                                             Consolidated
                                                                                                           2022              2021
                                                                                                              $                 $
               Deductible temporary differences                                                       1,543,000         1,491,000
               Tax Losses                                                                             5,400,492         4,196,734
               Capital Losses                                                                           203,766           224,143
                                                                                                      7,147,258         5,911,877

              (c) Expiry of tax losses
              The foreign tax losses have expiry dates under current tax legislation.

              At 30 June 2022, the Consolidated Entity has income tax loss carry forward amounts expiring as follows:
                                        Australia        Mexico New Zealand                Total
                                                $              $                $              $
                2024                            -         14,633                 -        14,633
                2025                            -             40                 -            40
                2026                            -         24,343                 -        24,343
                2027                            -         75,373                 -        75,373
                2028                            -         76,460                 -        76,460
                2029                            -               -                -             -
                2030                            -         81,885                 -        81,885
                2031                            -       351,204                  -       351,204
                2032                            -         77,401                 -        77,401
                2033                            -         11,576                          11,576
                Does not expire        2,363,559                -      2,324,018       4,687,577
                30 June 2022           2,363,559        712,915        2,324,018       5,400,492

                30 June 2021            2,347,862         591,572       1,257,301       4,196,735




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022                                - 57 -



     (d) Recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities
     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:
      Consolidated                            Assets                       Liabilities                        Net
                                            2022           2021           2022           2021             2022       2021
      Exploration expenditure                  -              -               -             -                -          -
      Other items                              -              -         12,000              -                -          -
      Tax loss carry-forwards           (12,000)              -               -             -                -          -
      Tax (assets) liabilities                 -              -         12,000              -                -          -
      Set off of tax                      12,000              -       (12,000)              -                -          -
      Net tax (assets) liabilities             -              -               -             -                -          -


7.   LOSS PER SHARE
     Basic and diluted loss per share
     The calculation of basic and diluted loss per share at 30 June 2022 was based on the loss attributable to ordinary
     shareholders of $1,040,005 (2021: $6,352,848) and a weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
     during the financial year ended 30 June 2022 of 126,367 (2021: 88,319,000), calculated as follows:

                                                                                                 Consolidated
       Reconciliation of earnings used in the calculation of loss per share
                                                                                                  2021               2021
       Loss from continuing operations used in calculation of basic and
       diluted loss per share – continuing operations                                      $1,040,005           $2,367,705
       Loss attributed to ordinary shareholders used in the calculation of
       basic and diluted loss per share                                                    $1,040,005           $6,352,848



                                                                                                 Consolidated
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                                                                                                   No (‘000)
                                                                                                 2022                2021

       Issued ordinary shares at 1 July                                                         114,032             38,344
       Effect of shares issued November 2020                                                          -             49,975
       Effect of shares issued November 2021                                                     12,335                  -
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 30 June                                    126,367             88,319


8.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                   2022              2021
                                                                                                      $                 $
       Current
       Other receivables                                                                          6,946              6,741
       GST Receivable                                                                           242,772             56,275
                                                                                                249,718             63,016
- 58 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022


         9.   EQUITY-ACCOUNTED INVESTEES
                                                                                                     30 June 2022                   30 June 2021
                                                                                                                $                              $
                   Interests in associate – Southern Gold (Asia) Pty Ltd                                  151,151                        200,000

                   The Consolidated Entity owns 100% of the ordinary share capital of Southern Gold (Asia) Pty Ltd (equity
                   accounted associate).

                   Southern Gold (Asia) Pty Ltd (“SGA”, an associate) holds the interests in the Cambodian gold projects. SGA is a
                   party to an unincorporated joint venture agreement with Southern Gold Limited (SGL) in respect of two
                   Cambodian Exploration Licences (CELs). Pursuant to the agreement, SGA has a 85% unincorporated joint venture
                   interest in the CELs, with SGL having 15% interest which is free carried until completion of a feasibility study.

                   SGA has also entered into a farm-out and incorporated joint venture agreement with Renaissance Cambodia Pty
                   Ltd (Renaissance) (the “Farm-Out Agreement”). Under the Farm Out Agreement Renaissance will manage SGA
                   and sole fund US$0.5million of exploration expenditure on each of the CELs in order to earn a 30% shareholding
                   in SGA. After earning the 30% shareholding, Renaissance can elect to sole fund a further US$1.0million of
                   exploration expenditure on each of the CELs over the following two years and increase its shareholding in SGA
                   to 60%.

                   When Renaissance has earned a 60% shareholding in SGA, the Consolidated Entity may elect to either contribute
                   to further exploration activities on the CELs and maintain its 40% shareholding in SGA, or alternatively elect not
                   to contribute, in which case Renaissance may earn a further 25% shareholding in SGA by continuing to manage
                   SGA and funding completion of a definitive feasibility study. During the definitive feasibility study period the
                   Consolidated Entity interests would be free carried.

                   At 30 June 2022 Renaissance is earning, but has yet to earn, a shareholding in SGA. Under the Farm-out
                   Agreement the Consolidated Entity currently retains 100% of equity in SGA but has given control of the entity to
                   Renaissance whilst retaining significant influence through representation on the board of Southern Gold (Asia)
                   Pty Ltd.
                                                                                          30 June 2022              30 June 2021
                                                                                                      $                           $
                   Percentage ownership interest                                                  100%                       100%

                   Non-current assets                                                                    3,824,046                      2,703,839
                   Current assets                                                                          230,426                        138,807
                   Non-current liabilities                                                                                                       -
                   Current liabilities                                                                      (1,333)                       (73,075)
                   Net assets (100%)                                                                     4,053,139                      2,769,571
                   Consolidated entity’s share of net assets                                                 100%                            100%
                   Carrying amount of interest in associate 1, 2                                           151,151                         200,000

                    Revenue                                                                                       -                              -
                    Loss from continuing operations (100%)                                                 (48,849)                       (36,478)
                    Total comprehensive income/(loss) (100%)                                               (48,849)                       (36,478)
                    Consolidated entity’s share of total comprehensive
                   income/(loss)                                                                           (48,849)                       (36,478)
              1.    In accordance with the Farm-Out Agreement, Renaissance is earning a possible 30% interest in SGA through sole funding of
                    exploration which is being recognised in equity of SGA. Santana Minerals Limited does not currently recognise any share of this
                    increase in equity of SGA.
              2.
                    During the prior reporting period, the Consolidated Entity assessed its capitalised value of the equity accounted investee for
                    impairment in light of the exploration results and recorded an impairment loss of $1,088,852 in relation to the Cambodian
                    project. Recoverable amount is estimated based on the expected proceeds in an orderly disposal and a non-binding indicative
                    offer from an unrelated party, being fair value less cost of disposal (level 3 fair value).




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022     - 59 -


10.     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                              Fixtures &       Plant &
                                                                         Motor Vehicles      Total
                                                 Fittings   Equipment
                                                        $            $               $          $
 Costs
 Balance at 1 July 2020                          10,675        18,588           29,854     59,117
 Acquisitions                                         -        69,597                -     69,597
 Disposals                                            -             -                -          -
 Effect of movements in foreign exchange            332         1,128            1,812      3,272
 Balance at 30 June 2021                         11,007        89,313           31,666    131,986


 Balance at 1 July 2021                          11,007        89,313           31,666    131,986
 Acquisitions                                     6,204       166,454                -    172,658
 Disposals                                            -             -                -          -
 Effect of movements in foreign exchange            444         1,505            2,417      4,365
 Balance at 30 June 2022                         17,655       257,272           34,083    309,009



 Depreciation and
 impairment losses
 Balance at 1 July 2020                          (8,794)      (12,809)         (21,831)   (43,434)
 Depreciation charge for the year                  (988)      (10,802)          (6,860)   (18,650)
 Disposals                                             -             -                -          -
 Effect of movements in foreign exchange           (305)         (924)          (1,590)    (2,819)
 Balance at 30 June 2021                        (10,087)      (24,535)         (30,281)   (64,903)


 Balance at 1 July 2021                         (10,087)      (24,535)         (30,281)   (64,903)
 Depreciation charge for the year                (3,173)      (30,164)          (8,630)   (41,967)
 Disposals                                             -             -                -          -
 Effect of movements in foreign exchange             121         2,524            4,827      7,473
 Balance at 30 June 2022                        (13,139)      (52,175)         (34,083)   (99,398)


 Carrying amounts
 At 30 June 2021                                     920       64,778            1,385     67,083


 At 30 June 2022                                   4,516      205,096                 -   209,612
- 60 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022


         11.   EXPLORATION AND EVALUATION EXPENDITURE
                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                   2022                   2021
                                                                                                      $                          $
                  Capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure
                  Exploration and evaluation phase – at cost
                  Mexico - Cuitaboca                                                          4,358,342              3,907,438
                  Bendigo-Ophir – New Zealand                                                12,441,892              8,931,193
                                                                                             16,800,234             12,838,631
                  Reconciliations
                  Mexico – Cuitaboca
                  Opening balance at beginning of year                                        3,907,438              3,478,935
                  Expenditure for the year                                                      195,453                217,408
                  IVA Recovered                                                                 (42,788)                     -
                  Effect of foreign exchange movement                                           298,239                211,095
                  Closing balance at end of year                                              4,358,342              3,907,438

                  Bendigo-Ophir – New Zealand
                  Opening balance at beginning of year                                        8,931,193                       -
                  Fair value at acquisition                                                           -              7,255,913
                  Expenditure for the year                                                    3,757,390              1,746,768
                  Effect of foreign exchange movement                                         (246,691)                (71,488)
                  Closing balance at end of year                                             12,441,892              8,931,193

                  Chile – Becker (discontinued operation)
                  Opening balance at beginning of year                                                 -               975,856
                  Impairment                                                                           -           (1,007,943)
                  Effect of foreign exchange movement                                                  -                32,087
                  Closing balance at end of year                                                       -                     -

                  Laos – Sayabouly (discontinued operation)
                  Opening balance at beginning of year                                                 -             2,118,880
                  Expenditure for the year                                                             -               298,091
                  Impairment                                                                           -           (2,076,047)
                  Effect of foreign exchange movement                                                  -             (340,924)
                  Closing balance at end of year                                                       -                     -

               Becker, Chile (discontinued operation)
               On 4 June 2018 the Consolidated Entity announced that it had completed a share purchase agreement for the
               acquisition of the Becker Project by acquiring 100% of the shares in Carlin Resources Pty Ltd (‘Carlin’), which
               holds rights to earn into the Becker Project.

               During the prior reporting period, the Consolidated Entity assessed its capitalised exploration and evaluation
               expenditure assets for impairment and recorded an impairment loss of $1,007,943 in relation to the Becker
               Project. The impairment follows the Consolidated Entity’s analysis of results of drilling and assay in light of
               current and forecast commodity prices. Based on this analysis the Consolidated Entity has subsequently
               withdrawn from the Joint Venture and retains no further interest in the Becker Project.




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022                              - 61 -


Cuitaboca Project, Mexico
On 29 July 2014 the Consolidated Entity announced that it had entered into agreements allowing it to earn 80%
of the Cuitaboca Project located in the State of Sinaloa, Mexico. Under the terms of the agreements, the
Consolidated Entity made an initial payment of A$100,000 and committed to meeting 100% of expenditure,
thereby providing the Consolidated Entity with management of the Cuitaboca Project through an initial 100%
ownership of Minera Cuitaboca S.A. de C.V. (Project Company). The Project Company has the right to acquire
the Cuitaboca Project mining concessions under an option agreement (Concession Option Agreement) with
Consorcio Minero Latinoamericano S.A. de C.V (Concession Holder). The Concession Option Agreement provides
that the Project Company can acquire a 100% interest in the mining concessions from the Concession Holder by
paying option fees totalling US$3,500,000, with those option fees payable on a six monthly basis. A balance of
US$2,785,168 in option fees remains payable by the Project Company to the Concession Holder as at 30 June
2022. The Concession Option Agreement was amended to extend the term to 15 years from the original
signature date (refer to the agreement announcement of 29 July 2014), with the agreement now expiring 10th
December 2026. The Consolidated Entity is required to meet all expenditure during the term of the Concession
Option Agreement (including option fees which the Project Company has agreed to pay the Concession Holder,
concession rentals plus exploration expenditure as the Consolidated Entity determines) with the Vendors free
carried. Once the Concession Option Agreement is completed the expenditure and ownership of the Project
Company will revert to 80% Consolidated Entity 20% Vendors. The Consolidated Entity retains the right to
withdraw from the Cuitaboca Project at any time without making the recurring option payments.

Bendigo-Ophir Project, New Zealand
On 3 November 2020, the Consolidated Entity announced that it had completed a share purchase agreement
for the acquisition of the Bendigo Ophir Project by acquiring 100% of the shares in Matakanui Gold Limited
(‘MGL’), which holds 100% of the Bendigo-Ophir Project.

This transaction has been accounted for as an acquisition of assets, not a business combination. At completion
the Consolidated Entity issued 38,189,017 fully paid ordinary shares to MGL’s former shareholders as
consideration for the acquisition.

The project is subject to a 1.5% NSR on all production. The NSR Agreement provides that a minimum of $3m is
to be spend on exploration on the project within 2 years following completion of the Acquisition, which occurred
on 2 November 2020. During the year the Consolidated Entity met the minimum $3m spend on exploration at
the project as provided for by the NSR Agreement.
- 62 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022


         12.   CAPITAL AND RESERVES
               (a) Ordinary shares issued
               The Company does not have authorised capital or par value in respect of its issued shares. All issued shares are
               fully paid. Ordinary shareholders have the right to receive dividends as declared and, in the event of winding up
               of the Company, to participate in the proceeds from the sale of all surplus assets in proportion to the number of
               and amounts paid up on shares held. Ordinary shares entitle their holder to one vote, either in person or by
               proxy, at a meeting of the Company.

               The Company recorded the following amounts within shareholders’ equity as a result of having issued ordinary
                shares.
                                                                        Number of             Issue price           Share capital
                 30 June 2022
                                                                   ordinary shares                $                                $
                 Balance at 1 July 2021                               114,032,636                                     48,779,923
                 Share issue November 2021 (cash)                      18,604,652               0.215                  4,000,000
                 Share issue costs                                                -                                    (288,017)
                 Balance at 30 June 2022 – fully paid                 132,637,288                                     52,491,906


                                                                        Number of             Issue price           Share capital
                 30 June 2021
                                                                   ordinary shares                $                                $
                 Balance at 1 July 2020                             2,683,945,564                                     35,071,891
                 Share consolidation October 2020 (1:70)           (2,645,601,945)                                                 -
                 Share issue November 2020 (cash)                      37,500,000                0.20                  7,500,000
                 Share issue November 2020 (non-cash)                  38,189,017                0.19                  7,255,913
                 Share issue costs                                                -                                  (1,047,881)
                 Balance at 30 June 2021 – fully paid                 114,032,636                                     48,779,923


               (b) Options over ordinary shares
               The Company has issued the following options over ordinary shares:
                                                                                      Number of options      Number of options
                                                                                                  2022                   2021
                 Options issued as part of the Matakanui Transaction – Nov 2020              3,420,930              3,420,930
                 Total options over ordinary shares currently issued                            3,420,930             3,420,930
                 Reconciliation
                 Total options over ordinary shares – 1 July                                    3,420,930           152,362,352
                 Share consolidation October 2020 (1:70)                                                -         (143,778,584)
                 Options lapsed during the year                                                         -            (8,583,768)
                 Options issued November 2020                                                           -              3,420,930
                 Total options over ordinary shares – 30 June                                   3,420,930              3,420,930


                 Details of options on issue:
                 Expiry Date                      Exercise Price     Number of Shares
                 3 November 2022                           $0.20            1,140,310
                 3 November 2023                           $0.25            1,140,310
                 3 November 2024                           $0.30            1,140,310

               (c) Nature and purpose of reserves
                Foreign currency translation reserve
                The foreign currency translation reserve comprises all foreign currency differences arising from translation of
                the financial statements of foreign operations.


          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022                            - 63 -


13.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
      Each area of interest represents an operating segment, however for reporting purposes areas of interest are
      aggregated where they are located in the same region and relate to the exploration of similar commodities. The
      Consolidated Entity’s current areas of interest relate to the exploration of precious metals in Mexico and New
      Zealand and are therefore reported as separate segments. In reviewing segment results the Chief Executive
      Officer and Board consider total expenditure on exploration and evaluation activities (expensed and capitalised)
      and results of such activities.
                                                                                                Consolidated
                                                                                                 2022             2021
                                                                                                     $               $
       Mexico
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure expensed in profit or loss                      111,983         188,151
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure capitalised – see note 11                       195,453         217,408
       Total exploration and evaluation expenditure                                           307,436         405,559

       Exploration and evaluation assets at 30 June                                        4,358,342        3,907,438

       New Zealand
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure capitalised – see note 11                    3,757,390        1,746,768
       Total exploration and evaluation expenditure                                        3,757,390        1,746,768

       Exploration and evaluation assets at 30 June                                       12,441,892        8,931,193

       Chile (discontinued operation)
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure expensed in profit or loss                            -        109,655
       Total exploration and evaluation expenditure                                                 -        109,655

       Impairment loss on exploration and evaluation assets                                         -       1,007,943

       Impairment loss on exploration and evaluation assets                                         -       1,007,943
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure expensed in profit or loss                            -         109,655
       Foreign currency translation differences transferred from reserves                           -         139,404
       Loss from discontinued operation                                                             -       1,257,002

       Laos (discontinued operation)
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure expensed in profit or loss                            -        282,180
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure capitalised – see note 11                             -        298,091
       Total exploration and evaluation expenditure                                                 -        580,271

       Laos (discontinued operation) – continued
       Impairment loss on exploration and evaluation assets                                         -       2,076,047
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure expensed in profit or loss                            -         282,180
       Foreign currency translation differences transferred from reserves                           -         369,917
       Tax expense/(benefit)                                                                        -               -
       Loss from discontinued operation                                                             -       2,728,144

       Cash used in discontinued operation:
       Net cash used in operating activities                                                        -       (391,835)
       Net cash using in investing activities                                                       -       (298,091)
       Net cash flow for the year                                                                   -       (689,926)
- 64 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022


                                                                                                           2022              2021
                                                                                                           cents             cents
                Loss per share for discontinued operations – basic and diluted                                 -            (4.51)

                During the previous reporting period the Consolidated Entity sold Dominion Metals Pty Ltd, a subsidiary of
                Santana Minerals Limited which indirectly owned the Sayabouly Project. The Sayabouly Project was the sole
                project in Laos and has been recognised as a discontinued operation with the above amounts separately disclosed
                throughout this report. Further, during 2021, the consolidated entity has withdrawn from the Becker project in
                Chile, which is also separately disclosed as a discontinued operation.

         14.   COMMITMENTS
               The Consolidated Entity does not have any contracted expenditure commitments at reporting date (2021: nil).

         15.   CONSOLIDATED ENTITIES
                                                                Country of Incorporation     Ordinary Shares Percentage Owned
                                                                                                        2022              2021
                 Parent Entity
                 Santana Minerals Limited                                        Australia
                 Subsidiaries
                 Namiquipa Pty Ltd                                             Australia                   100                 100
                 Espiritu Santo Pty Ltd                                        Australia                   100                 100
                 Texrise Pty Ltd                                               Australia                   100                 100
                 Cuitaboca Pty Ltd                                             Australia                   100                 100
                 Carlin Resources Pty Ltd                                      Australia                   100                 100
                 Administración Integral Ceresour SA de CV                       Mexico                    100                 100
                 Minera Cuitaboca SA de CV                                       Mexico                    100                 100
                 Minera Antoinetta SA de CV                                      Mexico                    100                 100
                 Matakanui Gold Limited 3                                   New Zealand                    100                 100

         16.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

               Employee share option program
               In 2013, the Company, Santana Minerals Limited, established an employee share option program that entitles key
               management personnel and senior employees to purchase shares in the Company. Each option is exercisable to
               acquire one ordinary share of the Company.

               In 2013, 2016, 2017 and the 2020 year, grants were offered to these groups of Santana Minerals Limited
               employees. In accordance with these programs, options are exercisable at the exercise price determined at the
               date of grant.

               All employee share options are exercisable at any time after the vesting date and before the expiry date to acquire
               one fully paid ordinary share. Where the employment or office of the option holder is terminated, any options
               which have not reached their vesting date will lapse and any options which have reached their vesting date may
               be exercised within two months from the date of termination of employment.

               During the prior period all options granted under the employee share option plan either lapsed or were forfeited.




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022                                    - 65 -


      The number and weighted average exercise price of options is as follows.

                                             Weighted average         Number of      Weighted average          Number of
                                                 exercise price         options          exercise price          options
                                                          2022            2022                    2021             2021
         Employee Share Options
         Outstanding at 1 July                                  -                -               0.0124      106,500,000
         Consolidation of options (1:70)                        -                -                0.868      (98,571,428)
         Lapsed during the period                               -                -                0.868       (7,928,572)
         Granted during the period                              -                -                    -                 -
         Outstanding at 30 June                                 -                -                     -                    -
         Exercisable at 30 June                                 -                -                     -                    -

      There were no employee share options outstanding at 30 June 2022 or 30 June 2021.

      Other share-based payment transactions
      From time to time the Consolidated Entity may settle payment for services received from non-employees by way
      of issuing shares in lieu of settlement by cash. The following non-employee transactions have been settled by
      issuing of shares:
                                                                                               Consolidated
                                                                                            2022         2021
                                                                                              $            $
        November 2020 – 3,420,930 options issued to brokers as part of the completion
        of the capital raising for the Matakanui transaction – see also Note 12                    -     573,682
                                                                                                   -     573,682

17.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
       Exposure to credit risk, currency risk and liquidity risk arises in the normal course of the Consolidated Entity’s
       operations.

       Credit risk
       At the balance sheet date there were no significant concentrations of credit risk.

       The Consolidated Entity held cash and cash equivalents of $2,450,528 at 30 June 2022 (2021: of $3,930,780),
       which represents its maximum credit exposure on these assets. The cash and cash equivalents are held with
       bank and financial institution counterparties, which have a long term AA rating by Standard & Poor’s.

       The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each financial asset in the balance
       sheet.

       Interest rate risk
       The Consolidated Entity is exposed to interest rate risk through its holding of cash and cash equivalents. At 30
       June 2022 the weighted average interest rate on cash and cash equivalents was 0.25% (2021: 0.25%).

       Sensitivity analysis
       An increase of 50 basis points in interest rates would not have had a material impact on the Consolidated Entity’s
       profit or loss.
- 66 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022


               Foreign currency risk
               The Consolidated Entity’s exposure to foreign currency risk at balance date was as follows, based on notional
               amounts:

                 In AUD                                                                                2022                   2021
                                                                                                          $                      $
                 Cash and cash equivalents – USD                                                     14,008                  7,302
                 Net exposure                                                                        14,008                  7,302
               The following significant exchange rates applied during the year:

                                                                Average rate                   Reporting date spot rate

                   AUD                                           2022               2021              2022              2021
                   MXP                                        14.7297            15,5143           13.8773           14.9365
                   NZD                                          1.069                1.07           1.1053             1.075
                   CLP                                              -             556.33                 -            558.36
                   LAK                                              -           6,986.32                 -          7,032.90

               Sensitivity analysis
               A reasonably foreseeable movement in exchange rates would not have a material impact on the Consolidated
               Entity’s profit or loss.

               Liquidity risk
               At reporting date there were no significant concentrations of liquidity risk. The Consolidated Entity’s liquidity
               risk arises from its trade payables and other payables as presented in the statement of financial position at 30
               June 2022. The maturity of these payables is less than 12 months.

               Fair value
               The carrying amounts of the Consolidated Entity's financial assets and financial liabilities approximate their fair
               values at 30 June 2022.

         18.   RECONCILIATION OF CASHFLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

                                                                                                         Consolidated
                                                                                                         2022                 2021
                                                                                                             $                    $
                Net loss                                                                           (1,040,005)          (6,352,848)
                Add/(less) non-cash items:
                Depreciation                                                                               469                12,077
                Share of loss of equity-accounted investees                                             48,849                36,478
                Impairment of equity-accounted investees                                                     -            1,088,852
                Loss from discontinued operation                                                             -            3,593,311
                Foreign exchange loss                                                                    4,275                17,308
                Share based payments                                                                         -              (35,713)
                (Increase)/decrease in receivables                                                       (253)              (24,544)
                Increase/(decrease) in payables                                                       (41,642)              (17,115)
                Increase/(decrease) in employee benefits                                                     -              (29,473)
                (Increase)/decrease in prepayments                                                    (14,421)               (7,106)
                Net cash used in operating activities                                              (1,042,728)          (1,718,773)




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022                       - 67 -


19.   RELATED PARTIES
      Key management personnel disclosures
      The following were the key management personnel of the Consolidated Entity at any time during the reporting
      period and unless otherwise indicated were key management personnel for the entire period:

      Non-executive Directors
      Mr NA Seckold (Chairman)
      Mr FJ Bunting
      Mr WD Batt
      Mr AJ McDonald

      Executive Director
      Mr RE Keevers

      Executives
      CJ McPherson (Company Secretary)

      Key management personnel compensation disclosures
      The key management personnel compensation included in ‘personnel expenses’ is as follows:

                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                     2022                 2021
                                                                                        $                     $
        Salaries and Fees                                                         207,000              351,717
        Non-executive Directors’ fees                                             205,000              190,358
        Share Based Payments                                                             -             (35,713)
                                                                                  412,000              506,362


      Information regarding individual directors and executives compensation is provided in the Remuneration
      Report section of the Directors’ Report.

      Loans to key management personnel and their related parties
      The Consolidated Entity has not made any loans directly or indirectly to key management personnel
      during the current financial year.

      Other key management personnel transactions
      The key management personnel hold positions in other entities that result in them having control or
      significant influence over the financial or operating policies of those entities.

      Key management personnel are able to receive remuneration directly through these entities. All amounts
      applicable to remuneration have been disclosed in the Remuneration Report section of the Directors’
      report.

      During the year the Consolidated Entity paid MIS Corporate Pty Ltd, an entity associated with Mr NA
      Seckold, $32,216 (2021: $24,375) for investor relations services. At reporting date $nil (2021: $2,062) was
      outstanding and payable to MIS Corporate Pty Ltd.

      During the year the Consolidated Entity paid Minex Resources Limited, an entity associated with Mr F
      Bunting, $152,257 (2021: $119,257) for consulting fees and hire of equipment. At reporting date there was
      $26,265 (2021: $61,950) outstanding amount payable to Minex Resources Limited.
- 68 -    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022


               During the year the Consolidated Entity paid Waikaia Gold Limited, an entity associated with Mr W Batt,
               $54,876 (2021: $Nil) for equipment hire and geological staff reimbursement. At reporting date there was
               $2,873 (2021: $Nil) outstanding amount payable to Waikaia Gold Limited.

               During the year the Consolidated Entity paid Mustang Resources Limited, an entity associated with Mr W
               Batt, $3,810 (2021: $Nil) for consulting services. At reporting date there was $Nil (2021: $Nil) outstanding
               amount payable to Mustang Resources Limited.

               During the year the Consolidated Entity paid MH Private Pty Ltd, an entity associated with Mr McPherson,
               $4,800 (2021 $2,800) for bookkeeping services. At reporting date there was no amount outstanding (2021:
               $nil) payable to MH Private Pty Ltd.

               During 2015 the Consolidated Entity entered into agreements allowing it to earn 80% of the Cuitaboca
               Project from an entity associated with Mr NA Seckold. Under the terms of the agreements, the
               Consolidated Entity made a payment of A$100,000 and has committed to meeting 100% of expenditure,
               thereby providing the Consolidated Entity with management of the Cuitaboca Project through an initial
               100% ownership of Minera Cuitaboca S.A. de C.V. (Project Company).

               Apart from the details disclosed in this note, no director has entered into a material contract with the
               Company or the Consolidated Entity and there were no material contracts involving directors’ interests
               existing at year-end.

         20.   PARENT ENTITY

               As at, and throughout, the financial year ended 30 June 2022 the parent entity of the Group was Santana
               Minerals Limited.

                   In thousands AUD                                                                       2022                 2021
                   Results of the parent entity
                   Loss for the year                                                                (1,187,144)        (5,126,961)
                   Other comprehensive income                                                                 -                  -
                   Total comprehensive income for the year                                          (1,187,144)        (5,126,961)


                   Financial position of the parent entity at year end
                   Current assets                                                                    2,402,812          3,799,990
                   Total assets                                                                     19,329,682         16,828,962

                   Current liabilities                                                                  53,862                77,981
                   Total liabilities                                                                    53,862                77,981

                   Total equity of the parent entity comprising of:
                   Share capital                                                                    52,491,906          48,779,923
                   Retained earnings                                                              (33,216,086)        (32,028,942)
                   Total capital                                                                    19,275,820          16,750,981




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS │ 2022                                - 69 -


21.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
      On 22 July 2022, the Company announced that it has received commitments to raise $9.375m through the issue
      of 15,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares at $0.625 per share (Placement Shares).

      The Placement was completed in 2 tranches. 9,800,0000 Placement Shares (first tranche) were issued on 27 July
      2022 under the Company’s existing placement capacity as provided for by ASX Listing Rule 7.1. The issue of a
      further 5,200,000 Placement Shares (second tranche) were subject to shareholder approval at a meeting held on
      2 September 2022 and subsequently issued on 9 September 2022.

      Other than as outlined, since the end of the financial year and to the date of this report no matter or circumstance
      has arisen which has significantly affected, or may significantly affect, the operations of the Consolidated Entity,
      the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the Consolidated Entity in subsequent financial years.
- 70 -        DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION




         Directors’ declaration

         1.     In the opinion of the directors of Santana Minerals Limited (the Company)

                a)   the consolidated financial statements and notes that are set out on pages 40 to 69 and the Remuneration
                     report in section 3 of the Directors' report are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

                     i)    giving a true and fair view of the Consolidated Entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its
                           performance for the financial year ended on that date; and

                     ii)   complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001; and

                b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they
                   become due and payable.

         2.     The directors have been given the declarations required by Section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from the
                Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2022.

         3.     The directors draw attention to note 1 (b) to the consolidated financial statements which include a statement of
                compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards.

         Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors:




          NA Seckold
          Chairman

         Dated at Brisbane this 28th day of September 2022




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                - 71 -




 Independent Auditor’s Report
 To the shareholders of Santana Minerals Limited

 Report on the audit of the Financial Report



 Opinion

 We have audited the Financial Report of            The Financial Report comprises:
 Santana Minerals Limited (the Company).
                                                     •   Consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June
 In our opinion, the accompanying Financial              2022;
 Report of the Company is in accordance
                                                     •   Consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated
 with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                                                         statement of other comprehensive income, consolidated
 •    giving a true and fair view of the                 statement of changes in equity, and consolidated
      Group’s financial position as at 30 June           statement of cash flows for the year then ended;
      2022 and of its financial performance
                                                     •   Notes including a summary of significant accounting
      for the year ended on that date; and
                                                         policies; and
 •    complying with Australian Accounting
                                                     •   Directors’ Declaration.
      Standards and the Corporations
      Regulations 2001.                             The Group consists of the Company and the entities it
                                                    controlled at the year-end or from time to time during the
                                                    financial year.




 Basis for opinion

 We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. We believe that the audit evidence
 we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
 Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of
 the Financial Report section of our report.
 We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements
 of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
 Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the Financial
 Report in Australia. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.




KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms
affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The
KPMG name and logo are trademarks used under license by the independent member firms of the KPMG global
organisation. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
- 72 -    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




          Material uncertainty related to going concern

          We draw attention to Note 1(r), “Going Concern” in the Financial Report. The conditions disclosed in Note 1(r),
          indicate a material uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a
          going concern and, therefore, whether it will realise its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course
          of business, and at the amounts stated in the Financial Report. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this
          matter.
          In concluding there is a material uncertainty related to going concern we evaluated the extent of uncertainty
          regarding events or conditions casting significant doubt on the Group’s assessment of going concern. This
          included:
           •   analysing the cash flow projections by:
               –    evaluating the underlying data used to generate the projections for consistency with other
                    information tested by us, our understanding of the Group’s intentions, and past results and practices;
                    and
               –    assessing the planned levels of operating and capital expenditures for consistency of relationships
                    and trends to the Group’s historical results, results since year end and our understanding of the
                    business, industry and economic conditions;
           •   assessing significant non-routine forecast cash inflows and outflows for feasibility, quantum and timing.
               We used our knowledge of the Group, its industry and financial position to assess the level of associated
               uncertainty; and
           •   evaluating the Group’s going concern disclosures in the Financial Report by comparing them to our
               understanding of the matter, the events or conditions incorporated into the cash flow projection
               assessment, the Group’s plans to address those events or conditions, and accounting standard
               requirements. We specifically focused on the principal matters giving rise to the material uncertainty.



          Key Audit Matters

          Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
          of the Financial Report of the current period.
          These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the Financial Report as a whole, and in forming
          our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
          In addition to the matter described in the Material uncertainty related to going concern section, we have
          determined the matter described below to be a Key Audit Matter.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
- 73 -                                                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




         Exploration and evaluation expenditure of Bendigo-Ophir (New Zealand) and Cuitaboca (Mexico) projects
         ($16,800,234)

         Refer to Note 11 to the Financial Report

         The key audit matter                                        How the matter was addressed in
                                                                     our audit

         Exploration and evaluation expenditure of Bendigo-          Our audit procedures included:
         Ophir (New Zealand) and Cuitaboca (Mexico) projects
                                                                     •   evaluating the Group’s accounting policy
         (collectively, E&E) capitalised is a key audit matter
                                                                         applicable to capitalising E&E expenditure as
         due to:
                                                                         assets using the criteria in the accounting
         •   the significance of E&E activities to the Group’s           standard;
             business, with the balance of capitalised E&E           •   assessing the Group’s determination of its areas
             expenditure being 85% of total assets; and                  of interest for consistency with the definition in
         •   the greater level of audit effort required to               the accounting standard. This involved analysing
             evaluate the Group’s application of the                     the licences in which the Group holds an interest
             requirements of the industry specific accounting            and the exploration programmes planned for
             standard AASB 6 Exploration for and Evaluation of           those licences for consistency with
             Mineral Resources (AASB 6), in particular, the              documentation such as licence conditions, joint
             conditions allowing capitalisation of relevant              venture arrangements and planned work
             expenditure and the presence of impairment                  programmes;
             indicators. The presence of impairment                  •   assessing the Group’s current rights to tenure for
             indicators would necessitate a detailed analysis            each area of interest by corroborating the
             by the Group of the value of E&E, therefore given           ownership of the relevant licence to government
             the criticality of this to the scope and depth of our       registers or other supporting documentation and
             work, we involved senior team members to                    evaluating agreements in place with other
             challenge the Group’s determination that no such            parties. We also tested for compliance with
             indicators existed.                                         licence conditions, such as minimum expenditure
         In assessing the conditions allowing capitalisation of          requirements on a sample of licences;
         relevant expenditure, we focused on:                        •   testing the E&E expenditure capitalised to areas
         •   the Group’s determination of the areas of                   of interest for the year by evaluating a statistical
             interest;                                                   sample of recorded expenditure for consistency
                                                                         to underlying records, the capitalisation
         •   documentation available regarding rights to                 requirements of the Group’s accounting policy
             tenure, via licensing and contractual                       and the requirements of the accounting
             arrangements, and compliance with relevant                  standard;
             conditions, to maintain current rights to an area
             of interest and the Group’s intention and capacity      •   evaluating Group documents, such as minutes of
             to continue the relevant E&E activities; and                Directors meetings, the Group’s analysis of
                                                                         impairment indicators and the Group’s cash flow
         •   the Group’s determination of whether the E&E                projections, for consistency with their stated
             expenditure capitalised is expected to be                   intentions and ability to fund continuing
             recouped through successful development and                 exploration and evaluation activities in certain
             exploitation of the area of interest, or                    areas. We corroborated this through interviews
             alternatively, by its sale.                                 with key personnel, observable market data such
         In assessing the presence of impairment indicators,             as forecast silver prices and our understanding of
         we focused on those that may draw into question the             the industry; and
         commercial continuation of E&E activities for areas of      •   comparing the results from the Group’s internal
         interest where significant capitalised E&E exists. In           geologist regarding the reasonable assessment of
         addition to the assessments above, and given the                the existence of reserves for consistency with the
         financial position of the Group, we paid particular             treatment of E&E and the requirements of the
         attention to:                                                   accounting standard.
- 74 -    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




           •   the strategic direction of the Group and their
               intent and capacity to continue exploration
               activities in each area of interest;
           •   the ability of the Group to fund the continuation
               of activities in each area of interest; and
           • results from latest activities regarding the
               reasonable assessment of the existence or
               otherwise of economically recoverable reserves
               for each area of interest.



          Other Information

          Other Information is financial and non-financial information in Santana Minerals Limited’s annual reporting
          which is provided in addition to the Financial Report and the Auditor’s Report. The Directors are responsible
          for the Other Information.
          Our opinion on the Financial Report does not cover the Other Information and, accordingly, we do not express
          an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report
          and our related assurance opinion.
          In connection with our audit of the Financial Report, our responsibility is to read the Other Information. In
          doing so, we consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the Financial Report or our
          knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
          We are required to report if we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information, and
          based on the work we have performed on the Other Information that we obtained prior to the date of this
          Auditor’s Report, we have nothing to report.


          Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

          The Directors are responsible for:
           •   preparing a Financial Report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting
               Standards and the Corporations Act 2001;
           •   implementing necessary internal control to enable the preparation of a Financial Report that gives a true
               and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
           •   assessing the Group and Company’s ability to continue as a going concern and whether the use of the
               going concern basis of accounting is appropriate. This includes disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
               going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the
               Group and Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.




         SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
- 75 -                                                                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




         Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report

         Our objective is:
         •   to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Report as a whole is free from material
             misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
         •   to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes our opinion.
         Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
         accordance with Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
         Misstatements can arise from fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
         they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this
         Financial Report.
         A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report is located at the Auditing and
         Assurance Standards Board website at: https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf.
         This description forms part of our Auditor’s Report.

         Report on the Remuneration Report

         Opinion                                             Directors’ responsibilities
         In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of          The Directors of the Company are responsible for the
         Santana Minerals Limited for the year ended         preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report in
         30 June 2022, complies with Section 300A of         accordance with Section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.
         the Corporations Act 2001.
                                                             Our responsibilities
                                                             We have audited the Remuneration Report included in
                                                             Section 3 of the Directors’ Report for the year ended 30 June
                                                             2022.
                                                             Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
                                                             Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in
                                                             accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




         KPMG                                                Simon Crane
                                                             Partner


                                                             Brisbane
                                                             28 September 2022
- 76 -    ADDITIONAL INFORMATION


         Additional Information Required by the Listing Rules
         as at 26 September 2022
         List of the 20 Largest Shareholders
                                                                                                                                 % of Total
         Rank      Name                                                                                         Shares Held
                                                                                                                                    Shares
         1         DEPOT CORPORATION LIMITED                                                                     13,392,373           9.07
         2         MERRILL LYNCH (AUSTRALIA) PTY LIMITED                                                          9,239,124           6.26
         3         MUSTANG RESOURCES LIMITED                                                                      7,655,198           5.19
         4         CS FOURTH NOMINEES PTY LTD <HSBC CUST NOM AU LTD 11 A/C>                                       6,635,855           4.49
         5         CALM HOLDINGS PTY LTD <CLIFTON SUPER FUND A/C>                                                 3,620,000           2.45
         6         GOLDSTREAM FINANCE LIMITED                                                                     3,435,727           2.33
         7         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                  3,395,034           2.30
         8         MR NILS BISCHOFF                                                                               2,823,904           1.91
         9         ALL-STATES FINANCE PTY LIMITED                                                                 2,800,000           1.90
         10        SHARESIES NOMINEE LIMITED <CHILD A/C>                                                          2,368,576           1.60
         11        MARK DAVID ALDRIDGE & JUDITH ANNE ALDRIDGE & PETER JOHN ALDRIDGE <TIMA KAHA>                   2,142,915           1.45
         12        CHESTER NOMINEES WA PTY LTD <M W WILSON SUPER FUND A/C>                                        2,100,000           1.42
         13        DONALD IAN WHITE & D ROSS DANIEL MOORE                                                         2,050,931           1.39
         14        MARFORD GROUP PTY LTD                                                                          2,037,483           1.38
         15        MR CHRISTOPHER JOHN LEE & MRS GIOVANNA LEE                                                     2,007,765           1.36
         16        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) PTY LIMITED                                                  1,785,137           1.21
         17        UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                           1,629,780           1.10
         18        LONERGAN FOUNDATION PTY LTD <LONERGAN FOUNDATION A/C>                                          1,620,000           1.10
         19        ELPHINSTONE HOLDINGS PTY LTD                                                                   1,577,381           1.07
         20        SMT INVESTMENTS WA PTY LTD <SMT SUPER FUND A/C>                                                1,400,000           0-.95
         TOTAL OF TOP 20 SHAREHOLDERS                                                                            73,717,176          49.93
         BALANCE OF REGISTER                                                                                     73,920,112          50.07
         TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS                                                                                     147,637,288         100.00

         Substantial Shareholders
         Name                                                                                     Shares Held             % of Total Shares
         DEPOT CORPORATION LIMITED                                                                13,392,373                         9.07%
         REGAL FUNDS MANAGEMENT PTY LTD                                                           10,571,949                         7.16%
         MUSTANG RESOURCES LIMITED                                                                 7,655,198                         5.19%


         Distribution of Shareholder’s Holdings
         Ordinary Shares Held                                                         Number of Shareholders              Number of Shares
         1 – 1,000                                                                                      2,163                      191,976
         1,001 – 5,000                                                                                    296                      830,486
         5,001 – 10,000                                                                                   172                    1,352,501
         10,001 – 50,000                                                                                  364                    9,049,476
         50,001 – 100,000                                                                                  96                    7,037,414
         100,001 and over                                                                                 159                  129,175,438
         TOTAL                                                                                          3,250                  147,637,288
         Unmarketable Parcels                                                                           2,101                      136,050

         Details of Unlisted Options
         Details                                                                           Number of Holders             Number of Options
         3 NOVEMBER 2022 (Exercisable at $0.20)                                                             1                    1,140,310
         3 NOVEMBER 2023 (Exercisable at $0.25)                                                             1                    1,140,310
         3 NOVEMBER 2023 (Exercisable at $0.30)                                                             1                    1,140,310




          SANTANA MINERALS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                              SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION                    -77-

Shareholding Information

Enquiries

Shareholders with enquiries about any aspect of your shareholding should contact the Company’s Share Registry as
follows:

Link Market Services Limited


Telephone:            1300 554 474

Facsimile:            +61 2 9287 0303

Website:              www.linkmarketservices.com.au


Electronic Announcements and Reports

Shareholders, who wish to receive announcements made to the ASX as well as electronic copies of the Annual Report
and Half Year Report, are invited to provide their email address to the Company. This can be done by writing to the
Company Secretary or via the Company’s website.



Change of Name/Address

Shareholders should advise the share registry promptly of any change of name and/or address so that correspondence
with them does not go astray. All such changes must be advised in writing and cannot be accepted by telephone. Forms
can be found on the Share Registry website or obtained by contacting the Share Registry.

Shareholders who hold their shares via a broker should instruct their sponsoring broker in writing to notify the Share
Registry of any change of name and/or address.

In the case of a name change, the written advice must be supported by documentary evidence.



Consolidation of Shareholdings

Shareholders who wish to consolidate their separate shareholdings into one account should write to the Share Registry
or their sponsoring broker, whichever is applicable.



Stock Exchange Listing

The Company’s shares are listed on the ASX. Details of share transactions and prices are published in the financial
papers of daily capital city newspapers under the code SMI.
                                                                  CORPORATE DIRECTORY   -78-


Corporate Directory

Australian Business No.   37 161 946 989

Directors                 Norman A Seckold, Chairman

                          Richard E Keevers, Executive Director

                          Frederick J Bunting, Non-Executive Director

                          Warren D Batt, Non-Executive Director

                          Anthony J McDonald, Non-Executive Director

Corporate Secretary       Craig J McPherson

Registered Office         Level 1
                          371 Queen Street
                          Brisbane, QLD 4000

                          Phone:           +61 7 3221 7501
                          Email:           admin@santanaminerals.com
                          Website:         www.santanaminerals.com

Postal Address            P O Box 1305
                          Brisbane Qld 4001

Auditors                  KPMG
                          Level 16
                          Riparian Plaza
                          71 Eagle Street
                          Brisbane, Qld 4000

ASX Code                  SMI

Share Registrars          Australia
                          Link Market Services Limited
                          Level 21
                          10 Eagle Street
                          Brisbane, QLD 4000

Exchange                  Australian Stock Exchange
                          Level 8
                          Exchange Plaza
                          2 The Esplanade
                          Perth, WA 6000
