First
Quarter
Report
2024
FOR THE PERIOD ENDED
MARCH 31, 2024
            Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS




This document contains management’s discussion and analysis of the ﬁnancial
condition, ﬁnancial performance and cash ﬂows of Power Corporation
of Canada (the Corporation) for the three months ended March 31, 2024
and the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements
of the Corporation as at and for the three months ended March 31, 2024.
This document has been ﬁled with the securities regulatory authorities in
each of the provinces and territories of Canada and is available under the
Corporation’s proﬁle on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Power Corporation of Canada
PART A



Great-West Lifeco Inc.
PART B



IGM Financial Inc.
PART C




                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4     1
The trademarks contained in this report are owned by Power Corporation of Canada or by a Member of
the Power Corporation Group of Companies®. Trademarks that are not owned by Power Corporation are
used with permission.




     2                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
            Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                   PART A




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE A 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE A 72




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  1
                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND AN ALYSIS

                                       Abbreviations used throughout this Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) are defined in the section “Abbreviations”.

                                       CAU TIONAR Y STATEMENT R EGARDING F OR WAR D-LOOKING S TATEMENTS
                                       Certain statements in this MD&A, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reflect the Corporation’s
                                       current expectations, or with respect to disclosure regarding the Corporation’s public subsidiaries, reflect such subsidiaries’ current expectations as disclosed in their
                                       respective MD&A. Forward-looking statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the Corporation’s financial performance,
                                       financial position and cash flows as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about management’s current expectations and plans
                                       relating to the future, and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. These statements may include, without limitation,
                                       statements regarding the operations, business, financial condition, expected financial results, performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets, goals, ongoing
                                       objectives, strategies and outlook of the Corporation and its subsidiaries including the outlook for North American and international economies for the current fiscal
                                       year and subsequent periods, the Corporation’s NCIB commenced in 2024, statements concerning deferred taxes, impact of the strategic partnership transaction in
                                       Power Sustainable Manager, the expectation based on the Corporation’s preliminary assessment of the impact of Pillar Two income taxes on adjusted net earnings,
                                       management of standalone businesses to realize value over time, the fintech strategy, fundraising activities by investment platforms, capital commitments by the Power
                                       group and third parties, the objective to maintain a minimum level of cash and cash equivalents relative to fixed charges, GBL’s intent to grow its portfolio and third-
                                       party asset management activity, and the Corporation’s subsidiaries’ disclosed expectations, including in respect of the ongoing obligations resulting from the sale of
                                       Putnam to Franklin Templeton. Forward-looking statements include statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or
                                       include words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”, “forecasts” or negative versions thereof and
                                       other similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could”.
                                       By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that expectations,
                                       forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives, strategic goals and priorities
                                       will not be achieved. A variety of factors, many of which are beyond the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ control, affect the operations, performance and results of
                                       the Corporation and its subsidiaries and their businesses, and could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations of estimated or anticipated
                                       events or results. These factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated impact of general economic, political and market factors in North America
                                       and internationally, fluctuations in interest rates, inflation and foreign exchange rates, monetary policies, business investment and the health of local and global equity
                                       and capital markets, management of market liquidity and funding risks, risks related to investments in private companies and illiquid securities, risks associated with
                                       financial instruments, changes in accounting policies and methods used to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with significant judgments,
                                       estimates and assumptions), the effect of applying future accounting changes, business competition, operational and reputational risks, technological changes,
                                       cybersecurity risks, changes in government regulation and legislation, changes in tax laws, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, man-
                                       made disasters, terrorist attacks, wars and other conflicts, or an outbreak of a public health pandemic or other public health crises, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’
                                       ability to complete strategic transactions, integrate acquisitions and implement other growth strategies, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ success in anticipating
                                       and managing the foregoing factors, and with respect to forward-looking statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, the factors identified
                                       by such subsidiaries in their respective MD&A.
                                       The reader is cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                                       Information contained in forward-looking statements is based upon certain material assumptions that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or
                                       projection, including management’s perceptions of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, that any required approvals (including
                                       regulatory approvals) for strategic transactions, acquisitions, divestitures or other growth or optimization strategies will be received when and on such terms as are
                                       expected, as well as other considerations that are believed to be appropriate in the circumstances. In arriving at the preliminary assessment of the potential exposure
                                       to Pillar Two income taxes for the Corporation and its subsidiaries and the expectation regarding the impact on adjusted net earnings, management has relied on the
                                       interpretation of the relevant legislation by management of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. In estimating the impact on Lifeco, Lifeco management has assumed
                                       a starting point of its current mix of business and adjusted net earnings (defined as base earnings by Lifeco) growth consistent with its adjusted net earnings objectives
                                       disclosed in Part B of this MD&A. Other considerations also include the availability of cash to complete purchases under the NCIB, that the list of risks and uncertainties
                                       in the previous paragraph, collectively, are not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation and its subsidiaries, and with respect to forward-looking
                                       statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, the risks identified by such subsidiaries in their respective MD&A and Annual Information Form
                                       most recently filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada and available at www.sedarplus.ca. While the Corporation considers these assumptions to be
                                       reasonable based on information currently available to management, they may prove to be incorrect.
                                       Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events
                                       or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future
                                       events or results, or otherwise.
                                       Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the Corporation’s business and material factors or assumptions on which information contained in forward‐
                                       looking statements is based is provided in its disclosure materials, including this MD&A and its most recent Annual Information Form, filed with the securities regulatory
                                       authorities in Canada and available at www.sedarplus.ca.

                                       S TATEMENT R EG AR DING NON- IFRS F INANCIAL MEASUR ES AND OTHER MEAS UR ES
                                       This MD&A contains financial measures (including ratios) that do not have a standard meaning under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Terms by
                                       which non-IFRS financial measures are identified include, but are not limited to, “adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (adjusted net earnings)”, “adjusted
                                       net earnings from continuing operations per share (adjusted net earnings per share)”, “adjusted net asset value”, “adjusted net asset value per share”, “consolidated
                                       assets and assets under management”, “consolidated assets and assets under administration” and “fee-related earnings”. Management uses these financial measures
                                       in its presentation and analysis of the financial performance, financial condition and cash flows of Power Corporation, and believes that they provide additional
                                       meaningful information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. These non-IFRS financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures
                                       used by other entities. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-IFRS financial measures to
                                       measures prescribed by IFRS as well as additional details on each measure. Reconciliations of the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet
                                       are also included in the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value”.
                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (or adjusted net earnings) represents net earnings from continuing operations excluding Adjustments. Effective the
                                       first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings, a non-IFRS earnings measure, to better reflect the underlying performance of
                                       the Corporation. The definition of Adjustments, used to calculate adjusted net earnings, was modified to include the impact of the revaluation of non-controlling
                                       interests liabilities related to PSEIP which result from changes in fair value of assets held within the fund, and the share of earnings (losses) from the consolidated
                                       activities of PSEIP attributable to third-party investors. The comparative periods have been restated to reflect this change.
                                       This MD&A also includes other measures used to discuss activities of the Corporation, its consolidated publicly traded operating companies and alternative asset
                                       investment platforms including, but not limited to, “assets under management”, “assets under administration”, “assets under management and advisement”, “assets
                                       under management and advisement including strategic investments”, “book value per participating share”, “carried interest”, “fee-bearing capital”, “market
                                       capitalization”, “net asset value”, “net carried interest”, “unfunded commitments” and “weighted average management fee rate”. As well, the presentation of the
                                       holding company is used to present and analyze the financial position and cash flows of Power Corporation as a holding company. Refer to the section “Other
                                       Measures” in this MD&A for a definition of each measure.



                                             A  2                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


MAY 8, 2024
ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED.




                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following MD&A of Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation or the Corporation) (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E), a
public corporation, is for the three-month period ended March 31, 2024. This MD&A should be read in conjunction with the
unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of Power Corporation and notes thereto for the
three-month period ended March 31, 2024 (the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements), the MD&A for the year
ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Annual MD&A), and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements). Additional information
relating to Power Corporation, including its Annual Information Form, may be found on the Corporation’s website at
www.powercorporation.com and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.

ORGANIZATION OF THE INTERIM MD&A
The Corporation’s MD&A consists of three parts:
  Part A – Power Corporation, presented on a consolidated basis, and including a discussion of the contribution to the
    holding company from Lifeco, IGM, GBL, and its alternative asset investment platforms and other investments;
  Part B – Lifeco’s interim MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by Lifeco in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from Lifeco’s website (www.greatwestlifeco.com);
  Part C – IGM’s interim MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by IGM in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from IGM’s website (www.igmfinancial.com).
Lifeco (TSX: GWO) and IGM (TSX: IGM) are public companies listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. GBL is a public
company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange (EBR: GBLB). Market capitalizations reported in the following sections are at
March 31, 2024 (refer to the section “Other Measures”).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  3
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF CON TEN TS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       About the Corporation                                                                 Liquidity, Capital and Risk Management
                                       5    Power Corporation of Canada                                     5                52     Cash Flows                                                52
                                       6    Group Structure                                                 6                55     Capital Management                                        55
                                       9    Table of Holdings                                               9                57     Risk Management                                           57
                                       10   Financial Highlights                                            10               58     Financial Instruments and Other Instruments               58
                                                                                                                             59     Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements                            59
                                       Consolidated Operating Results                                                        59     Contingent Liabilities                                    59
                                       12   Results of Power Corporation                                    12               59     Commitments and Contractual Obligations                   59
                                       13   Consolidated Statements of Earnings                             13
                                       14   Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net Earnings          14               Accounting Policies
                                                                                                                             59     Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments    59
                                       Review of Segments and Operating Results                                              60     Changes in Accounting Policies                            60
                                       17   Lifeco                                                          17               60     Future Accounting Changes                                 60
                                       22   IGM Financial                                                   22
                                       28   GBL                                                             28
                                       Other Components                                                                      Other
                                       31   Sagard and Power Sustainable                                    31               60     Transactions with Related Parties                         60
                                       43   Other                                                           43               61     Internal Control over Financial Reporting                 61
                                                                                                                             61     Power Financial Corporation                               61
                                       Financial Position                                                                    62     Non-IFRS Financial Measures                               62
                                       45   Consolidated Balance Sheets                                     45               64     Reconciliations of IFRS and Non-IFRS Financial Measures   64
                                       47   Holding Company Balance Sheets                                  47               68     Other Measures                                            68
                                       50   Adjusted Net Asset Value                                        50               71     Summary of Quarterly Results                              71




                                            A  4                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
OVERVIEW
Incorporated in 1925, Power Corporation (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) is an international management and holding company that
focuses on financial services in North America, Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth
management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. Through Power
Financial, it holds a controlling interest in Lifeco and IGM and has an active fintech strategy. It also holds, jointly with the
Frère Group of Belgium, a controlling interest in GBL.
Power Corporation conducts its investment activities, built upon a network of deep and long-standing relationships, to
provide superior returns. Investment activities include investments in alternative asset managers, Sagard and Power
Sustainable, investment funds, and interests in China resulting from more than 40 years of engagement. The Corporation aims
to act as an owner with a long-term perspective and a strategic vision anchored in strong core values.
Power Corporation adheres to four overriding investing principles to pursue its objective of achieving sustainable long-term
value creation in the best interests of the Corporation:
  Long-term perspective;
  Leading franchises with attractive growth profiles;
  Strong governance oversight; and
  Prudent approach to risk management.

VALUE CREATION STRATEGY
Power Corporation’s value creation strategy is focused on financial services, designed to generate long-term sustainable
growth in earnings and dividends, and is based upon three key levers:
  Operating company organic levers: organic growth strategies at the publicly traded operating companies;
  Operating company inorganic levers: deployment and redeployment of capital; and
  Holding company levers: actions that can be taken at the Corporation and between the Corporation and its publicly
    traded operating companies and investments.
Power Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, is developing alternative asset management
businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several high-growth asset
classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management businesses through
raising third-party capital and the Corporation intends to continue to provide proprietary capital to the different investment
products managed by each.
The Corporation also has significant influence and controlling interests in several standalone businesses managed to create
and realize value over time.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  5
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       GROUP STRUCTURE
                                       The following chart reflects the economic interests held by the Corporation at March 31, 2024, which include the operating
                                       subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and its interest in GBL, held through Power Financial, and interests held through the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms.




                                          In bold: Publicly listed holdings
                                          [1] Lifeco, through Canada Life, holds a 3.9% interest in IGM, and IGM holds a 2.4% interest in Lifeco.
                                          [2] Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. The interest in Northleaf is held through an acquisition vehicle in which IGM holds an 80% equity interest
                                              and Lifeco holds a 20% equity interest.
                                          [3] Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco has a 45.2% voting interest in GBL. Refer to the section “GBL” for a list of investments.
                                          [4] Includes a controlling interest in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II, Portage Ventures III and Wealthsimple, held through Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM.
                                          [5] Refer to the section “Alternative Asset Investment Platforms” for a list of investments held by each investment platform.
                                          [6] The Corporation holds a 53.5% interest in SHMI. Refer to the section “Alternative Asset Investment Platforms”.




                                            A  6                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


As a holding company, the Corporation uses adjusted net asset value [1], which presents the fair value of the participating
shareholders’ equity of the holding company, to assess the value, composition and size of its investment holdings. The charts
below present the composition and relative size of investment holdings within the Power group of companies, as well as show




                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
the composition of the assets included in the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet, which are
discussed in detail later in this MD&A.


                                                         TOTAL HOLDING COMPANY ASSETS

                  IN ADJUSTED NET ASSET VALUE                                                                 IN HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEET




[1] Adjusted net asset value is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the sections “Adjusted Net Asset Value” and “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
[2] Includes fintech investments held by the Corporation including investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II, Portage Ventures III and Wealthsimple, held
    through Power Financial.
[3] Includes the Corporation’s other investments and investments in standalone businesses, cash and cash equivalents, and other assets held by the holding company.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                              A  7
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Publicly Traded Operating Companies
                                       The Corporation holds controlling interests, through Power Financial, in Lifeco and IGM. It also has significant holdings in a




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       portfolio of European-based global companies through its investment in GBL.

                                       LIF ECO
                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. (TSX: GWO), market capitalization of $40.4 billion (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at March 31,
                                       2024, is an international financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and
                                       investment services, asset management and reinsurance businesses. Lifeco operates primarily in Canada, the United States
                                       (U.S.) and Europe under the brands Canada Life, Empower and Irish Life.
                                       At March 31, 2024, Power Financial and IGM held interests of 68.1% and 2.4%, respectively, in Lifeco’s common shares,
                                       representing approximately 65% of the voting rights attached to all outstanding Lifeco voting shares. The Insurance
                                       Companies Act limits voting rights in life insurance companies to 65%.

                                       IG M FINANCIAL
                                       IGM Financial Inc. (TSX: IGM), market capitalization of $8.3 billion at March 31, 2024, is a leading wealth and asset
                                       management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and institutional investors throughout North
                                       America, Europe and Asia. IGM’s principal operating subsidiaries are wealth manager IG Wealth Management and asset
                                       manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that provide benefits to its operating
                                       subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects.
                                       At March 31, 2024, Power Financial and Canada Life, a subsidiary of Lifeco, held interests of 62.2% and 3.9%, respectively, in
                                       IGM’s common shares.

                                       GBL
                                       Power Financial Europe SA, a wholly owned subsidiary of Power Financial, and the Frère Group each hold a 50% interest in
                                       Parjointco. At March 31, 2024, Parjointco held a 31.0% indirect (45.2% of the voting rights) controlling interest in GBL, a
                                       Belgian holding company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange.
                                       GBL (EBR: GBLB), market capitalization of €10.3 billion at March 31, 2024, is an established investment holding company. As
                                       a leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family
                                       shareholder base and considers environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors as being inextricably linked to value
                                       creation. GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed, private and alternative investments. GBL Capital
                                       conducts the group’s alternative assets activity which provides additional sources of diversification to GBL’s portfolio. In
                                       addition, GBL is developing its third-party asset management activity through Sienna Investment Managers.

                                       Alternative Asset Investment Platforms
                                       Power Corporation continues to develop alternative asset investment platforms (investment platforms) that manage portfolios
                                       in several alternative asset classes principally in North America and Europe. The alternative asset investment platforms offer
                                       alternative strategies to traditional long-term investment strategies. Traditional long-term investment strategies generally
                                       invest in publicly traded shares and fixed income investments, whereas the alternative asset strategies include venture capital,
                                       private equity, private credit as well as real estate and infrastructure. At March 31, 2024, the alternative asset investments
                                       platforms had $37.8 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments (refer to the section “Other
                                       Measures”).

                                       S AG AR D
                                       Sagard is a multi-strategy alternative asset management firm with professionals principally located in Canada, the U.S., Europe
                                       and the Middle East. Sagard has active strategies in venture capital & growth, private equity, private credit, royalties and real
                                       estate. Sagard also engages in private wealth management and holds strategic interests in other alternative asset
                                       management businesses. Sagard seeks to generate attractive returns by matching investment opportunities with flexible
                                       capital solutions and pairing entrepreneurs with teams that have deep industry knowledge. Sagard develops long-term
                                       partnerships and empowers the growth of its investments through a unique global network of portfolio companies, limited
                                       partners, advisors and other valued relationships. At March 31, 2024, Sagard had $34.0 billion of assets under management,
                                       including unfunded commitments.
                                       The alternative investment management business of Sagard is consolidated under Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (SHMI).
                                       The Corporation, through Sagard, held a 53.5% controlling interest in SHMI at March 31, 2024 (same as at December 31, 2023).




                                             A  8                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER S US TAINABLE
Power Sustainable is a climate-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable finances
companies and projects aiming for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers institutional




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across multiple industries.
Power Sustainable invests in companies and projects that contribute to decarbonization, social progress and quality growth,
which are priorities shared by its global network of clients, asset owners, partners and employees. Power Sustainable is
currently comprised of three strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure, Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit and
Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food). At March 31, 2024, Power Sustainable had $3.8 billion of assets under management,
including unfunded commitments.

Other Investments and Standalone Businesses
Other investments and standalone businesses includes the Corporation’s investments held in investment funds as well as
equity investments in standalone businesses which are managed to create and realize value over time. The standalone
businesses include the Corporation’s interest in Peak and Lion Electric, as well as a controlling interest in LMPG.

TABLE OF HOLDINGS
At March 31, 2024, the Corporation’s main holdings were as follows:
                                                            % economic
Holdings                                                        interest        Nature of investment                  Accounting method
Publicly traded operating companies [1]
  Lifeco [2]                                                         68.1       Controlling interest                  Consolidation
  IGM [3]                                                            62.2       Controlling interest                  Consolidation
         [4]
  GBL                                                                15.5       Joint control                         Equity method
Alternative asset investment platforms
  Sagard
    SHMI [5]                                                         53.5       Controlling interest                  Consolidation
         PEM [6]                                                     38.0       Controlling interest                  Consolidation
         HalseyPoint                                                 40.0       Joint control                         Equity method
    Wealthsimple [1][7]                                              14.4       Controlling interest                  Consolidation
    Portage Ventures I [1][8]                                        63.0       Controlling interest                  Consolidation
    Portage Ventures II [1][9]                                       12.4       Controlling interest                  Consolidation
    Portage Ventures III [10]                                          2.4      Controlling interest                  Consolidation
    Portage Capital Solutions [11]                                   39.4       Controlling interest                  Consolidation
    Sagard Funds [12]                                             various       Investment                            Fair value through profit or loss
  Power Sustainable
    Power Sustainable Manager                                      100.0        Controlling interest                  Consolidation
    Power Sustainable Energy
     Infrastructure Partnership [13]                                 38.0       Controlling interest                  Consolidation
    Potentia                                                       100.0        Controlling interest                  Consolidation
    Nautilus                                                       100.0        Controlling interest                  Consolidation
Standalone businesses
  Peak                                                               42.6       Joint control                         Equity method
  LMPG                                                               49.6       Controlling interest                  Consolidation
  Lion                                                               34.1       Significant influence                 Equity method
[1] Investments held by the Corporation through Power Financial.
[2] IGM also holds a 2.4% interest in Lifeco.
[3] Canada Life also holds a 3.9% interest in IGM.
[4] Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco holds a controlling interest in GBL.
[5] At March 31, 2024, management of Sagard held a 12.7% interest in SHMI. Lifeco also held a 12.9% interest in SHMI. SHMI also has a long-term incentive program pursuant
    to which certain key members of management have received, or will receive in the future, compensation in the form of equity of SHMI vesting over a 6-year period.
[6] The Corporation, through Sagard, currently has an exercisable option to buy an additional 13.0% equity interest in PEM.
[7] Portage Ventures I and IGM also hold interests of 10.9% and 31.3%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (see also the section “Wealthsimple” in the section “Sagard and Power
    Sustainable”).
[8] Lifeco and IGM also hold equal interests of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
[9] Power Financial holds a 7.7% interest, Sagard holds a 4.7% interest, and Lifeco and IGM also hold equal interests of 7.7% in Portage Ventures II.
[10] Lifeco and IGM also hold interests of 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.
[11] Lifeco also holds a 34.8% interest in Portage Capital Solutions.
[12] The Corporation holds a non-controlling interest in various funds managed by SHMI. Lifeco also holds an investment in certain of these funds. Refer to the section “Asset
     Management Activities” in the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for a list of investments and the respective holdings.
[13] Lifeco also holds a 14.7% interest in PSEIP.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                   A  9
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                        March 31,          December 31,   March 31,
                                       (in millions of dollars; except per share and as otherwise noted)                                                                             2024                 2023         2023

                                       Net earnings [1]                                                                                                                                709                  406         313
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations [1]                                                                                                     758                  409         326
                                                                                                            [1][2]
                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                                727                  645         588

                                       Per share – basic [1]:
                                          Net earnings                                                                                                                                1.09                 0.63        0.47
                                          Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                                     1.17                 0.63        0.49
                                          Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations [3]                                                                                        1.12                 0.99        0.88


                                       Dividend declared (per participating share)                                                                                                 0.5625                0.5250     0.5250
                                                           [4]
                                       Dividend yield                                                                                                                                 5.9%                 5.5%       6.1%


                                       Total consolidated assets (in billions)                                                                                                         776                  749         725
                                                                                                                      [5]
                                       Total consolidated assets and assets under management                                (in billions)                                            1,191                1,321       1,259
                                       Total consolidated assets and assets under administration [5] (in billions)                                                                   3,140                3,108       2,860


                                       Adjusted net asset value [1][5]                                                                                                             34,513                34,917     31,233
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                          21,474                21,193     21,190

                                       Per share [1]:
                                          Adjusted net asset value [3]                                                                                                               53.10                53.53       46.89
                                          Book value [6]                                                                                                                             33.04                32.49       31.81

                                       Market capitalization [7]                                                                                                                   24,686                24,714     23,005

                                       Share price (Subordinate Voting Shares)
                                          Ending                                                                                                                                     37.98                37.89       34.54
                                          High                                                                                                                                       40.30                38.63       37.66
                                          Low                                                                                                                                        36.86                32.33       32.00

                                       Number of participating shares outstanding
                                          End of period                                                                                                                              650.0                652.2       666.0
                                          Average                                                                                                                                    650.6                655.2       666.8

                                       [1] Attributable to participating shareholders.
                                       [2] Non-IFRS financial measure. Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial
                                           Measures”. The comparative periods have been restated to reflect this change.
                                       [3] Non-IFRS ratio. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
                                       [4] Dividend yield is calculated as the annualized dividend per participating share based on the dividend declared during the reporting period divided by the share price of a
                                           Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the reporting period.
                                       [5] Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
                                       [6] Refer to the section “Other measures”.
                                       [7] Represents the closing price of a Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the reporting period multiplied by the aggregate of Subordinate Voting Shares and Participating
                                           Preferred Shares outstanding.




                                             A  10                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


SUMMARY OF THE CONTRIBUTIONS TO POWER CORPORATION’S EARNINGS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
                                                                                                                                 March 31,    December 31,         March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2024           2023               2023




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Lifeco [1]                                                                                                                            689             662               561
IGM [1]                                                                                                                               140             127               128
      [1]
GBL                                                                                                                                    54               (1)               19
Effect of consolidation [2]                                                                                                           (14)            (12)                 3
Publicly traded operating companies                                                                                                   869             776               711


Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                          (28)            (17)               (43)
ChinaAMC                                                                                                                                −               −                  2
Other investments and standalone businesses                                                                                             (9)           (12)                16
                                                                                                                                      832             747               686
Corporate operations and other [3]                                                                                                   (105)           (102)               (98)
Adjusted net earnings [4][5]                                                                                                         727              645               588
Adjustments [6]                                                                                                                        31            (236)              (262)
                [4]
Net earnings                                                                                                                         758              409               326
[1] Contribution based on earnings reported by Lifeco, IGM and GBL.
[2] Refer to the detailed table in the section “Results of Power Corporation”.
[3] Includes operating and other expenses, and dividends on non-participating shares of the Corporation and Power Financial.
[4] Attributable to participating shareholders.
[5] Non-IFRS financial measure. Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial
    Measures”. The comparative periods have been restated to reflect this change.
[6] Refer to the detailed table of Adjustments in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results”.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                   A  11
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       RESULTS OF POWER CORPORATION




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       This section presents:
                                         The “Consolidated Statements of Earnings in accordance with IFRS”; and
                                         The contributions to Power Corporation of its operating subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and GBL, which are held through
                                           Power Financial, the contribution of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and the Corporation’s other
                                           investments and standalone businesses to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation. A discussion
                                           of the contributions of each of the reportable segments and other components follows in the section “Review of Segments
                                           and Operating Results”.
                                       Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description
                                       and reconciliation of IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.

                                       BASIS OF PRESENTATION
                                       IFRS Financial Measures and Presentation
                                       The Interim Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation have been prepared in accordance with International
                                       Accounting Standard 34 – Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34) and are presented in Canadian dollars.
                                       The financial statements of the Corporation include the consolidated results of Power Financial which include the results of
                                       Lifeco, IGM, Wealthsimple and the Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Portage Ventures III funds, which are controlled
                                       by Power Financial. Power Financial’s investment in GBL is held through Parjointco. Parjointco is a holding company jointly
                                       controlled by Power Financial and the Frère Group, and is accounted for using the equity method.
                                       The investment platforms manage and operate alternative asset investment funds in which third-party investors, the
                                       Corporation and associated companies can participate. The Corporation controls a fund when it is exposed, or has rights, to
                                       variable returns from its involvement with the fund and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the
                                       relevant activities of the fund.

                                       Presentation of the Holding Company
                                       The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM Financial and GBL, which represent the Corporation’s investments
                                       in publicly traded operating companies, as well as the holding company. These reportable segments, in addition to the asset
                                       management activities, reflect Power Corporation’s management structure and internal financial reporting. The Corporation
                                       evaluates its performance based on the operating segment’s contribution to earnings.
                                       The holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
                                       presents the investment activities of the Corporation. The investment activities of the holding company, including the
                                       investments in Lifeco, IGM and controlled entities within the alternative asset investment platforms, are presented using the
                                       equity method. The holding company activities present the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash,
                                       investments, debentures and non-participating shares. The discussions included in the sections “Financial Position” and “Cash
                                       Flows” present the segmented balance sheets and cash flow statements of the holding company, which are presented in Note 20
                                       of the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements, and reconciliations of these statements are provided throughout this MD&A.




                                           A  12                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS IN ACCORDANCE WITH IFRS
Power Corporation’s consolidated statements of earnings for the three months ended March 31, 2024 are presented below.
The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM and GBL, as well as the holding company. This table reflects the




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
contributions to the net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s participating shareholders from its reportable segments
and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include controlled and
consolidated investment funds and investments, and the Corporation’s other investments and standalone businesses.
Consolidated Net Earnings – Three months ended
                                                                                          Alternative Asset
                                                                                                Investment
                                                                          Holding            Platforms and             Effect of                 Power Corporation
                                              Lifeco       IGM       GBL company                    Other [1]   consolidation [2]             Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                       March 31,    December 31,           March 31,
                                                                                                                                           2024           2023                 2023

Insurance service result
  Insurance revenue                           5,250           −         −            −                     −                     −        5,250             5,174             5,037
  Insurance service expenses                 (4,067)          −         −            −                     −                     −       (4,067)           (3,898)           (3,995)
  Net expense from reinsurance
   contracts                                   (386)          −         −            −                     −                     −         (386)             (386)             (342)
Total insurance service result                  797           −         −            −                     −                     −          797               890                 700
Net investment result
  Net investment income (loss) [3]              936         16          −          23                   194                      14       1,183           13,598              5,756
  Net investment result from
   insurance activities [4]                    (195)          −         −            −                     −                     −         (195)          (13,208)           (5,359)
Total net investment result                     741         16          −          23                   194                      14         988               390                 397
Fee income and other revenues                 1,672        824          −            −                  276                  (43)         2,729             2,601             2,433
Operating and administrative
 expenses                                    (1,871)      (568)         −          (43)                (455)                     37      (2,900)           (3,098)           (2,633)
Financing charges                              (100)       (32)         −          (14)                 (53)                     (2)       (201)             (187)             (191)
Earnings before investments in
 jointly controlled corporations
 and associates, and income taxes             1,239        240          −          (34)                 (38)                     6        1,413               596                 706
Share of earnings (losses) of
 investments in jointly controlled
 corporations and associates                     19         52         54            −                  (18)                 (43)            64                 7                 33
Earnings before income taxes                  1,258        292         54          (34)                 (56)                 (37)         1,477               603                 739
Income tax expense (recovery)                   169         67          −            −                    (8)                    6          234              (143)                120
Net earnings – continuing
 operations                                   1,089        225         54          (34)                 (48)                 (43)         1,243               746                 619
Net loss – discontinued
 operations                                    (115)          −         −            −                     −                     −         (115)                (3)               (19)
Net gain – disposal of
 discontinued operations                         44           −         −            −                     −                     −           44                 −                  −
Net earnings                                  1,018        225         54          (34)                 (48)                 (43)         1,172               743                 600
Attributable to
  Non-controlling interests                     377         92          −          35                   (11)                 (43)           450               324                 274
  Non-participating shareholders                   −          −         −          13                      −                     −           13                13                 13
  Participating shareholders of
   Power Corporation [2]                        641        133         54          (82)                 (37)                     −          709               406                 313
                                              1,018        225         54          (34)                 (48)                 (43)         1,172               743                 600
[1] “Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other” is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated investment
    funds, as well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and the Corporation’s other
    investments and standalone businesses.
[2] The results presented for Lifeco and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application
    of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common control. The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other
    to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation includes the effect of consolidation, and represents the contribution to the holding company.
[3] Includes net investment income and changes in fair value through profit or loss included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
[4] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.


As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each segment based on its contribution to net earnings
and adjusted net earnings attributable to participating shareholders. A discussion of the results of Lifeco, IGM and GBL is
provided in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            A  13
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONTRIBUTION TO NET EARNINGS AND ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS
                                       This section details the contribution to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s
                                       participating shareholders from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       investment platforms, which include the contribution from controlled and consolidated investments, and the Corporation’s
                                       other investments and standalone businesses.
                                                                                                                                                                           March 31,          December 31,    March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                      2024                 2023          2023

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations [1]
                                       Lifeco [2][3]                                                                                                                             689                  662          561
                                       IGM [2]                                                                                                                                   140                  127          128
                                       GBL                                                                                                                                         54                   (1)         19
                                       Effect of consolidation [4]                                                                                                                (14)                (12)           3
                                                                                                                                                                                 869                  776          711
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                               (28)                (17)         (43)
                                       ChinaAMC [5]                                                                                                                                 −                   −            2
                                       Other investments and standalone businesses                                                                                                  (9)               (12)          16
                                       Corporate operating and other expenses                                                                                                     (57)                (54)         (51)
                                       Dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares                                                                              (48)                (48)         (47)
                                                                                                                                                                                 727                  645         588
                                       Adjustments [6]
                                       Lifeco [2]                                                                                                                                  13                (155)        (144)
                                       IGM [2]                                                                                                                                      (1)               133          109
                                       Effect of consolidation                                                                                                                      (4)              (166)        (128)
                                                                                                                                                                                    8                (188)        (163)
                                       Power Sustainable                                                                                                                           23                 (48)         (45)
                                       ChinaAMC [5]                                                                                                                                 −                   −          (54)
                                                                                                                                                                                   31                (236)        (262)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations [7]
                                       Lifeco [2][3]                                                                                                                             702                  507          417
                                       IGM [2]                                                                                                                                   139                  260          237
                                       GBL                                                                                                                                         54                   (1)         19
                                       Effect of consolidation                                                                                                                    (18)               (178)        (125)
                                                                                                                                                                                 877                  588          548
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                                 (5)               (65)         (88)
                                       ChinaAMC [5]                                                                                                                                 −                   −          (52)
                                       Other investments and standalone businesses                                                                                                  (9)               (12)          16
                                       Corporate operating and other expenses                                                                                                     (57)                (54)         (51)
                                       Dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares                                                                              (48)                (48)         (47)
                                                                                                                                                                                 758                  409         326
                                       Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam [3]                                                                              (49)                  (3)        (13)
                                       Net earnings [7]                                                                                                                          709                  406         313
                                       [1] Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (adjusted net earnings) is a non-IFRS financial measure. Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified
                                           the definition of adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”. The comparative periods have been restated to reflect this change. For a
                                           reconciliation of Lifeco, IGM, and Sagard and Power Sustainable’s non-IFRS adjusted net earnings to their net earnings, refer to the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM Financial”,
                                           and “Sagard and Power Sustainable” in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below which detail the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net
                                           earnings of each.
                                       [2] Contribution based on earnings reported by Lifeco and IGM.
                                       [3] Comparative results have been restated to exclude net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations related to Putnam.
                                       [4] See table below for details on Effect of consolidation.
                                       [5] On January 12, 2023, the Corporation and IGM completed a transaction in which the interest in ChinaAMC was combined under IGM. The Corporation sold its 13.9%
                                           interest in ChinaAMC to IGM and no longer holds a direct interest in ChinaAMC. Refer to the section “Adjustments” below.
                                       [6] See the section “Adjustments” below, including details on Effect of consolidation.
                                       [7] Attributable to participating shareholders.




                                             A  14                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjusted and Net Earnings Per Share
                                                                                                                                 March 31,    December 31,     March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2024           2023           2023




                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Earnings per share – basic [1]
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                     1.12            0.99          0.88
Adjustments                                                                                                                          0.05            (0.36)       (0.39)
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                              1.17            0.63          0.49
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                                           (0.08)              −         (0.02)
Net earnings                                                                                                                         1.09            0.63          0.47
[1] Attributable to participating shareholders.


EFFECT OF CONSOLIDATION
Effect of consolidation reflects:
   The elimination of intercompany transactions; and
   The application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common control to the reported net
      earnings of the publicly traded operating companies, which include:
         i)     An adjustment related to Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP and SHMI;
         ii) An allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio, including Wealthsimple, Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II,
                Portage Ventures III and Portage Capital Solutions, to the contributions from Lifeco and IGM based on their
                respective interest.

The following table summarizes the effect of consolidation on adjusted net earnings for Lifeco and IGM:
                                                                                                                                 March 31,    December 31,     March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2024           2023           2023

Lifeco                                                                                                                                  (8)             (6)           8
IGM                                                                                                                                     (6)             (6)           (5)
                                                                                                                                      (14)            (12)            3


Per share [1]                                                                                                                       (0.01)           (0.01)           −
[1] Attributable to participating shareholders.


                                                                       Q1 2024 vs. Q1 2023 and Q4 2023

Net earnings
$709 million or $1.09 per share, compared with $313 million or $0.47 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, and $406 million or
$0.63 per share in the fourth quarter of 2023.

Net earnings from continuing operations
$758 million or $1.17 per share, compared with $326 million or $0.49 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, and $409 million or
$0.63 per share in the fourth quarter of 2023.

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
$727 million or $1.12 per share, compared with $588 million or $0.88 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase of
27.3% on a per share basis, and $645 million or $0.99 per share in the fourth quarter of 2023.

Contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from continuing operations from Lifeco, IGM and GBL
Contribution to net earnings from continuing operations of $877 million, compared with $548 million in the corresponding period in
2023, an increase of 60.0%, and $588 million in the fourth quarter of 2023.
Contribution to adjusted net earnings from continuing operations of $869 million, compared with $711 million in the corresponding
period in 2023, an increase of 22.2%, and $776 million in the fourth quarter of 2023.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                A  15
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Main Drivers of Earnings

                                       NET EAR NINGS AND ADJU STED NET EAR NING S FROM CONTINU ING OPERATIONS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation’s net earnings and adjusted net earnings for the three-month period ended March 31, 2024 increased by
                                       $432 million and by $139 million or 23.6%, respectively, from the corresponding quarter in 2023:
                                         Lifeco: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $285 million or 68.3% and by $128 million
                                           or 22.8%, respectively.
                                         IGM: contribution to net earnings decreased by $98 million or 41.4% and the contribution to adjusted net earnings
                                           increased by $12 million or 9.4%.
                                         GBL: contribution to net earnings of $54 million in the first quarter of 2024, compared with a contribution of $19 million
                                           in the first quarter of 2023.
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable: net earnings include a positive contribution of $5 million from Sagard and a negative
                                           contribution of $10 million from Power Sustainable in the first quarter of 2024, compared with a negative contribution
                                           from Sagard and Power Sustainable of $11 million and $77 million, respectively, in 2023. Adjusted net earnings include
                                           a positive contribution of $5 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $33 million from Power Sustainable,
                                           compared with a negative contribution from Sagard and Power Sustainable of $11 million and $32 million, respectively,
                                           in 2023.

                                       A discussion of the results of Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable is provided in the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM
                                       Financial”, “GBL” and “Sagard and Power Sustainable” in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.
                                       For additional discussion of the results of Lifeco and IGM, refer to Part B and C, respectively, of this MD&A.




                                           A  16                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


REVIEW OF SEGMENTS AND OPERATIN G RESULTS




                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
PUBLICLY TRADED OPERATING COMPANIES

Lifeco

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S
Lifeco is an international financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and
investment services, asset management and reinsurance businesses. Lifeco operates primarily in Canada, the U.S. and Europe
under the brands Canada Life, Empower and Irish Life. For reporting purposes, Lifeco has four major reportable segments:
Canada, the United States, Europe, and Capital and Risk Solutions. Lifeco has enhanced its reporting and disclosures to
provide greater clarity and transparency into how it is creating value for shareholders and growing its business. Lifeco focuses
on three key value drivers for its business: Workplace Solutions (including group life & health, group retirement, and pension
administration and record-keeping services); Wealth & Asset Management (including retail savings and wealth products); and
Insurance & Risk Solutions (including life insurance, disability, and critical illness coverage for individuals, and payout annuities
for individuals and pension plans as well as reinsurance). On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam
Investments to Franklin Templeton, and as a result of the transaction Putnam is classified as discontinued operations.
The Canada segment is operated by Canada Life, offering a broad portfolio of financial and benefit plan solutions for
individuals, families, businesses and organizations primarily through the Workplace Solutions, Individual Wealth
Management, and Insurance & Annuities business units. Through the Workplace Solutions business unit, Lifeco offers group
life and health benefits, group creditor and group retirement and investment products, including life, accidental death and
dismemberment, critical illness, disability, health and dental protection, and creditor insurance, as well as retirement savings
and income and annuity products and other speciality products to group clients in Canada. Through the Individual Wealth
Management business unit, Lifeco provides wealth savings and income products and services to individual customers. The
Insurance & Annuities business unit offers individual life, disability and critical illness insurance products and services, as well
as individual life annuities and single-premium group annuities.
The United States segment is operated by Empower through the Empower Defined Contribution and the Empower Personal
Wealth business units, as well by PanAgora through the Asset Management business unit. The Empower Defined Contribution
business unit helps people with saving, investing and advice through employer-sponsored defined contribution, defined
benefit and non-qualified plans. The Empower Personal Wealth business unit offers individual product solutions and provides
retail wealth management products and services to individuals, including individual retirement accounts and after-tax
investment accounts. The Asset Management business unit provides investment management services, related administrative
functions and distribution services, and offers a broad range of investment products. The Corporate business unit includes
items not associated directly with or allocated to the Empower and PanAgora Asset Management business units, including a
retained block of life insurance, predominately participating policies, which are now administered by Protective Life Insurance
Company, as well as a closed retrocession block of life insurance. The United States segment also includes the results of
Putnam, classified as discontinued operations.
The Europe segment operates under the Canada Life brand in the U.K. and Germany and under the Irish Life brand in Ireland
along with other acquired brands within the broker market in Ireland. The Workplace Solutions business unit consists of group
life and health insurance business in the U.K. and Ireland as well as group retirement and employee benefit consulting services
in Ireland. The Individual Wealth & Asset Management business unit consists of investment products (including life bonds,
retirement drawdown and pension) offered in the U.K., pension, savings and investment products offered in Ireland and
pension products offered in Germany. Irish Life Investment Managers (ILIM) is one of Lifeco’s fund management operations
in Ireland. In addition to managing assets on behalf of companies in the Lifeco group, ILIM also manages assets for a wide
range of institutional clients across Europe and North America. The Insurance & Annuities business unit consists of bulk and
individual payout annuities offered in the U.K. and Ireland, equity-release mortgages offered in the U.K., and individual
insurance offered in Ireland and Germany.
The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Lifeco’s reinsurance business under the Insurance & Risk Solutions value
driver, which operates primarily in the U.S., Barbados, Bermuda and Ireland. Reinsurance products are provided through
Canada Life and its subsidiaries and include both reinsurance and retrocession business transacted directly with clients or
through reinsurance brokers.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  17
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       2024 DEVELOPMENTS
                                       Putnam Investments: On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of Putnam to Franklin Resources,
                                       Inc., operating as Franklin Templeton, in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash, and contingent




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       consideration of up to US$375 million over a five- to seven-year period. In the first quarter of 2024, Lifeco recorded a net loss
                                       of $115 million reflecting closing costs as well as a $44 million final gain on sale within discontinued operations. Lifeco
                                       retained its controlling interest in PanAgora, a leading quantitative asset manager. Lifeco currently holds approximately
                                       31.6 million Franklin Templeton shares and will hold a majority of these shares for a minimum five-year period.
                                       In addition to the sale, Lifeco, along with the Corporation and Franklin Templeton, has entered into a strategic partnership to
                                       distribute Franklin Templeton products. Lifeco will provide an initial long-term asset allocation of US$25 billion of assets under
                                       management to Franklin Templeton within 12 months of closing, with the potential for that amount to increase over the next
                                       several years.
                                       See Part B of this MD&A for additional information on Lifeco.

                                       R ES U LTS
                                       Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                                          March 31,           December 31,    March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                     2024                  2023          2023

                                       Average direct ownership (%)                                                                                                             68.1                 68.2         68.0
                                       Contribution to earnings
                                         Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                                 689                  482          408
                                         Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                        681                  656          569


                                       Dividend received                                                                                                                         353                  330          330


                                       Contribution to holding company balance sheets
                                         Investment in Lifeco, carrying value                                                                                                15,624                15,326      15,032
                                         % of total holding company assets                                                                                                      57.6                 57.1         56.0

                                         Investment in Lifeco, fair value                                                                                                    27,528                27,871      22,762
                                         % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                       68.5                 68.7         61.7



                                       Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                                           March 31,          December 31,    March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                      2024                 2023          2023

                                       Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
                                         Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
                                           As reported by Lifeco                                                                                                                 689                  662          561
                                           Effect of consolidation [1]                                                                                                              (8)                 (6)          8
                                                                                                                                                                                 681                  656          569
                                         Adjustments
                                           As reported by Lifeco                                                                                                                   13                (155)        (144)
                                           Effect of consolidation [2]                                                                                                              (5)                (19)        (17)
                                                                                                                                                                                    8                (174)        (161)
                                         Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                                 689                  482          408
                                         Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                                                (48)                  (3)        (13)
                                         Net earnings                                                                                                                            641                  479          395
                                       [1] The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                           common control including an adjustment for Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP and SHMI and an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
                                       [2] Refer to the section “Adjustments” below for details of Effect of consolidation.




                                             A  18                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by Lifeco




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                  March 31,    December 31,          March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                    2024           2023                2023

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations [1][2][3]                                                                            1.09            1.04                0.89
Adjustments [4]                                                                                                                       0.01            (0.24)             (0.23)
Net earnings from continuing operations [1]                                                                                           1.10            0.80                0.66
                 [1]
Net earnings                                                                                                                          1.03            0.79                0.64
[1] Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
[2] Defined as “base earnings per common share” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” in Part B of this MD&A.
[3] Comparative results have been restated to exclude net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations related to Putnam.
[4] See the section “Adjustments” below.

Contribution to adjusted and net earnings by segments as reported by Lifeco
                                                                                                                                  March 31,    December 31,          March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                    2024           2023                2023

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations [1][2]
  Canada                                                                                                                               302             301                 278
  United States [3]                                                                                                                    286             261                 218
  Europe                                                                                                                               204             213                 178
  Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                           222             236                 157
  Lifeco Corporate                                                                                                                       (2)           (40)                 (5)
                                                                                                                                     1,012             971                 826
Adjustments [4]
  Market experience relative to expectations [5]                                                                                       107            (213)               (168)
  Assumption changes and management actions [5]                                                                                          (1)            83                   7
  Other non-market related impacts [6]                                                                                                 (87)            (98)                (51)
                                                                                                                                        19            (228)               (212)
Net earnings from continuing operations [1]
  Canada                                                                                                                               353             166                 233
  United States                                                                                                                        233             194                 170
  Europe                                                                                                                               187             217                  40
  Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                           260             215                 184
  Lifeco Corporate                                                                                                                       (2)           (49)                (13)
                                                       [1]
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                              1,031             743                 614
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam [3]                                                                         (115)              (3)               (19)
Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations – Putnam                                                                              44               −                   −
Net earnings [1]                                                                                                                       960             740                 595
[1] Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
[2] Defined as “base earnings (loss)” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation by
    segment.
[3] Comparative results have been restated to exclude net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations related to Putnam.
[4] See the section “Adjustments” below. Described as “items excluded from base earnings” by Lifeco; refer to Part B of this MD&A.
[5] Refer to Part B of this MD&A for more details, including a definition of these Adjustments.
[6] Includes business transformation impacts (including restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs) and amortization of acquisition-related
    intangible assets.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                    A  19
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                                                                             Q1 2024 vs. Q1 2023 and Q4 2023

                                       Net earnings




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       $960 million or $1.03 per share, compared with $595 million or $0.64 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase of
                                       60.9% on a per share basis, and $740 million or $0.79 per share in the fourth quarter of 2023.

                                       Net earnings from continuing operations
                                       $1,031 million or $1.10 per share, compared with $614 million or $0.66 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase of
                                       66.7% on a per share basis, and $743 million or $0.80 per share in the fourth quarter of 2023.

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
                                       $1,012 million or $1.09 per share, compared with $826 million or $0.89 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase of
                                       22.5% on a per share basis, and $971 million or $1.04 per share in the fourth quarter of 2023.



                                       CANADA
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024 increased by $120 million to $353 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2023. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024 were $302 million,
                                       an increase of $24 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023, reflecting:
                                         Strong group disability results driven by improved morbidity experience and management pricing actions;
                                         An increase in Insurance & Annuities driven by improved mortality and longevity experience and favourable estimates of
                                           income tax provisions; and
                                         The addition of IPC and Value Partners.
                                         Partially offset by a favourable tax item from 2023 in Individual Wealth Management, which did not repeat, and lower
                                           earnings on surplus.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024 excluded Adjustments of positive $51 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of negative $45 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. Market experience relative to
                                       expectations was positive $67 million in the first quarter of 2024, compared with negative $43 million in the corresponding
                                       quarter in 2023, mainly due to favourable changes in risk-free interest rates in the first quarter of 2024 and decreases in risk-
                                       free interest rates in the corresponding quarter in 2023. This increase was partially offset by business transformation impacts
                                       of negative $17 million mainly related to provisions for restructuring costs.

                                       UNITED STATES (CONTINUING OPERATIONS)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024 increased by US$44 million
                                       (C$63 million) to US$172 million (C$233 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023. Adjusted net earnings
                                       were US$211 million (C$286 million) in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024, an increase of US$48 million
                                       (C$68 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023, primarily due to:
                                         An increase in fee income due to higher equity markets and growth in the business; and
                                         Higher earnings on surplus assets and US$20 million of pre-tax dividend income on the Franklin Templeton shares
                                           acquired through the Putnam divestiture.
                                         Partially offset by higher paid crediting rates resulting in lower spread income, and in part due to higher marketing spend.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024 excluded Adjustments of negative US$39 million
                                       (C$53 million), compared with negative US$35 million (C$48 million) in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The increase in
                                       negative Adjustments was primarily due to higher restructuring and integration costs associated with the Prudential
                                       acquisition.

                                       EUROPE
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024 increased by $147 million to $187 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2023. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024 were $204 million,
                                       an increase of $26 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023, primarily due to:
                                         Growth in earnings on surplus driven by higher yields from increasing interest rates in the U.K.;
                                         An increase in fee income from higher assets under administration; and
                                         Improved mortality experience in Ireland.
                                         Partially offset by adverse group health claims experience.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024 excluded Adjustments of negative $17 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of negative $138 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The decrease in negative
                                       Adjustments was primarily due to improved market experience related to interest rates and commercial property values in
                                       the U.K. compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023.


                                           A  20                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CAPITAL AND RISK SOLUTIONS
Net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024 increased by $76 million to $260 million, compared with the
corresponding quarter in 2023. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024 were $222 million,




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
an increase of $65 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023, primarily due to growth in the structured
business and favourable experience primarily driven by the U.S. traditional life business.
Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024 excluded Adjustments of positive $38 million,
compared with positive $27 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The increase in Adjustments was due to relative
market experience from interest rate and spread movements.

ADJUSTMENTS
Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings from continuing operations in the determination of adjusted net earnings
by Lifeco’s management. Refer to the further discussion above in each of Lifeco’s operating segments.
In the first quarter of 2024, Adjustments with a net positive earnings impact of $19 million after tax consist of:
  Market experience relative to expectations of positive $107 million after tax ($136 million pre-tax).
 Partially offset by:
  Assumption changes and management actions of negative $1 million after tax (positive $3 million pre-tax);
  A negative earnings impact from business transformation impacts of $49 million after tax ($67 million pre-tax); and
  Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of $38 million after tax ($50 million pre-tax).
In the first quarter of 2023, Adjustments with a net negative earnings impact of $212 million after tax consisted of:
  Market experience relative to expectations of negative $168 million after tax ($209 million pre-tax);
  Business transformation impacts of $19 million after tax ($26 million pre-tax); and
  Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of $32 million after tax ($43 million pre-tax).
  Partially offset by a positive earnings impact from assumption changes and management actions of $7 million after tax
    ($9 million pre-tax).
In the fourth quarter of 2023, Adjustments with a net negative earnings impact of $228 million after tax consisted of:
  Market experience relative to expectations of negative $213 million after tax ($351 million pre-tax);
  Business transformation impacts of $67 million after tax ($137 million pre-tax); and
  Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of $31 million after tax ($42 million pre-tax).
  Partially offset by a positive earnings impact from assumption changes and management actions of $83 million after tax
    (negative $28 million pre-tax).


The information above has been derived from Lifeco’s interim and most recent Annual MD&A; see Part B of this MD&A for
additional information on Lifeco’s interim results. Lifeco’s interim and most recent Annual MD&A are available under its profile
on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  21
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       IGM Financial

                                       OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       IGM is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and
                                       institutional investors throughout North America, Europe and Asia. IGM’s core business is comprised of wealth manager
                                       IG Wealth Management and asset manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that
                                       provide benefits to the operating subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects. IGM has three reportable segments:
                                       Wealth Management, Asset Management, and Corporate and Other.
                                       The Wealth Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally
                                       focused on providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities
                                       of IG Wealth Management, a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its securities dealer,
                                       mutual fund dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. IG Wealth Management
                                       provides comprehensive personal financial planning by offering a broad range of financial products and services in the areas
                                       of advanced financial planning, mortgage banking, insurance, and securities. IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from
                                       its competition by offering comprehensive planning to its clients that synchronizes their financial lives. This segment also
                                       includes the investment management activities of these organizations, including mutual fund management and discretionary
                                       portfolio management services, as well as IGM’s strategic investments in Rockefeller (classified as an investment in an
                                       associate) and Wealthsimple (classified by IGM as an investment at FVOCI).
                                       The Asset Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on
                                       providing investment management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which provides
                                       investment management services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third-party dealers and financial
                                       advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional investors.
                                       Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management solutions provider and provides investment management and
                                       related services with a wide range of investment mandates through a boutique structure and multiple distribution channels.
                                       Mackenzie seeks to be Canada’s preferred global asset management solutions provider and business partner. This segment
                                       also includes IGM’s strategic investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf which are both classified as an investment in an
                                       associate.
                                       The Corporate and Other segment primarily represents the investments made by IGM in Lifeco and the Portage Ventures
                                       funds (refer to the section “Alternative Asset Investment Platforms”), IGM’s unallocated capital, as well as consolidation
                                       elimination entries.
                                       See Part C of this MD&A for additional information on IGM.




                                           A  22                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


R ES U LTS

Contribution to Power Corporation




                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                    March 31,    December 31,     March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                      2024           2023           2023

Average direct ownership (%)                                                                                                            62.2            62.1          62.2
Contribution to earnings
  Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                                134             107             121
  Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                       134             121             123


Dividend received                                                                                                                         83              83              83


Contribution to holding company balance sheets
  Investment in IGM, carrying value                                                                                                    3,784           3,702         3,556
  % of total holding company assets                                                                                                     13.9            13.8          13.3

  Investment in IGM, fair value                                                                                                        5,167           5,179         5,975
  % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                      12.9            12.8          16.2



Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                    March 31,    December 31,     March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                      2024           2023           2023

Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
  Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
    As reported by IGM [1][2]                                                                                                            140             127             128
                                [3]
    Effect of consolidation                                                                                                                (6)             (6)            (5)
                                                                                                                                         134             121             123
  Adjustments
    As reported by IGM [2]                                                                                                                 (1)           133             109
    Effect of consolidation [2][4]                                                                                                         1            (147)         (111)
                                                                                                                                           −             (14)             (2)
  Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                                134             107             121
  Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations
    Effect of consolidation [5]                                                                                                            (1)             −              −
  Net earnings                                                                                                                           133             107             121
[1] Based on adjusted net earnings available to IGM common shareholders.
[2] In the first quarter of 2024, IGM modified its definition of adjusted net earnings to exclude its proportionate share of items that Lifeco excludes from its net earnings
    reported in accordance with IFRS. The comparative information for the Corporation’s share of adjusted net earnings and adjustments reported by IGM and the Effect of
    consolidation have been restated to reflect this change.
[3] The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
    common control including an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
[4] Refer to the section “Adjustments” below for details of Effect of consolidation.
[5] Represents IGM’s share of the discontinued operations of Lifeco.




                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                A  23
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by IGM




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                           March 31,          December 31,   March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                      2024                 2023         2023

                                       Adjusted net earnings [1][2][3]                                                                                                           0.94                0.86        0.87
                                       Adjustments [3][4][5]                                                                                                                        −                0.90        0.73
                                                        [1]
                                       Net earnings                                                                                                                              0.94                1.76        1.60
                                       [1] Available to IGM common shareholders.
                                       [2] Adjusted net earnings per share is a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures” in Part C of this MD&A.
                                       [3] In the first quarter of 2024, IGM modified its definition of adjusted net earnings to exclude its proportionate share of items that Lifeco excludes from its net earnings
                                           reported in accordance with IFRS. The comparative information has been restated to reflect this change.
                                       [4] See the section “Adjustments” below.
                                       [5] Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.


                                       Contribution to adjusted net earnings by segments and net earnings as reported by IGM
                                                                                                                                                                           March 31,          December 31,   March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                      2024                 2023         2023

                                       Wealth Management [1][2]                                                                                                                  111                  104         107
                                                                [1][2]
                                       Asset Management                                                                                                                            87                  77          77
                                       Corporate and Other [1][2]                                                                                                                  26                  24          22
                                                                     [3][4]
                                       Adjusted net earnings                                                                                                                     224                  205         206
                                                       [4][5]
                                       Adjustments                                                                                                                                  (1)               215         175
                                       Net earnings [3]                                                                                                                          223                  420         381
                                       [1] In the fourth quarter of 2023, IGM realigned its reportable segments to better characterize and simplify its business lines into wealth management and asset management
                                           segments. The revised segments reflect a realignment of Rockefeller and Wealthsimple to the wealth management segment and ChinaAMC and Northleaf to the asset
                                           management segment. These changes have no impact on the reported earnings of IGM. The comparative information has been restated to reflect the realigned segments.
                                       [2] Debt and interest expense is allocated to each segment based on IGM’s assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
                                       [3] Available to IGM common shareholders.
                                       [4] Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part C of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation. IGM does not allocate
                                           Adjustments to segments. In the first quarter of 2024, IGM modified its definition of adjusted net earnings to exclude its proportionate share of items that Lifeco excludes
                                           from its net earnings reported in accordance with IFRS. The comparative information has been restated to reflect this change.
                                       [5] Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.


                                                                                                           Q1 2024 vs. Q1 2023 and Q4 2023

                                       Net earnings
                                       $223 million or $0.94 per share, compared with $381 million or $1.60 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, a decrease of
                                       41.3% on a per share basis, and $420 million or $1.76 per share in the fourth quarter of 2023.
                                       Net earnings in 2023 include IGM’s gain of $175 million recognized on the sale of a portion of its interest in Lifeco to the Corporation in
                                       the first quarter, and its gain of $221 million recognized on the sale of IPC to Lifeco in the fourth quarter. The Corporation eliminated
                                       these gains on consolidation.

                                       Adjusted net earnings
                                       $224 million or $0.94 per share, compared with $206 million or $0.87 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase of 8.0%
                                       on a per share basis, and $205 million or $0.86 per share in the fourth quarter of 2023.




                                             A  24                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjusted net earnings exclude Adjustments of a negative earnings impact of $1 million in the three-month period ended
March 31, 2024, compared with Adjustments of a positive earnings impact of $175 million in the corresponding quarter in
2023. These Adjustments are not allocated to segments. The following is a summary of each segment’s net earnings and




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
adjusted net earnings:

WEALTH MANAGEMENT
Net earnings increased by $4 million to $111 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024, compared with
the corresponding quarter in 2023. Net earnings of Wealth Management include a negative contribution from strategic
investments of $6 million, compared with a negative contribution of $1 million in the corresponding quarter of 2023. As well,
net earnings of Wealth Management in the corresponding quarter of 2023 included $3 million of net earnings of IPC, which
IGM has presented as discontinued operations. The increase in net earnings is mainly related to an increase in net earnings
of IG Wealth Management of $13 million, primarily due to:
  An increase in income from advisory fees of $18 million to $309 million, primarily due to the increase in average assets
    under advisement of 8.1%, partially offset by a decrease in the advisory fee rate. The average advisory fee rate for the
    three-month period was 100.3 basis points of average assets under advisement, compared with 102.8 basis points in
    2023. Fee rates are determined based on client assets under advisement levels and the average rate will fluctuate based
    on changes in a client’s assets under advisement as well as product mix;
  An increase in income from product and program fees of $16 million to $234 million, primarily due to the increase in
    average assets under management of 6.5%. The average product and program fee rate for the three-month period was
    85.6 basis points of assets under management, compared with 85.8 basis points in 2023;
  An increase in other financial planning revenues of $16 million to $41 million, primarily due to higher earnings from
    mortgage banking operations and higher revenues from the distribution of insurance products, partially offset by lower
    revenues from the distribution of banking products. The increase in earnings from mortgage banking operations was due
    to fair value adjustments and higher interest income on mortgages held prior to securitization; and
  An increase in net investment income and other of $2 million to $5 million. Net investment income and other consists of
    unrealized gains or losses on investments in proprietary funds in the three-month period, and investment income earned
    on cash and cash equivalents and securities and other income not related to IG Wealth Management’s core business. It
    also includes a charge from the Corporate and Other segment for the use of unallocated capital.
 Partially offset by:
  An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $21 million to $244 million in the three-month period
    which includes compensation paid to advisors, the majority of which varies directly with asset or sales levels. Asset-based
    compensation increased by $12 million to $157 million, primarily due to increases in assets under advisement and other
    compensation changes. Sales-based compensation payments are based upon the level of new assets contributed to
    client accounts and are capitalized and amortized as they reflect incremental costs to obtain a client contract. Sales-based
    compensation increased by $4 million to $25 million. Other advisory and business development expenses increased by
    $5 million to $62 million in the three-month period, primarily due to higher compensation paid on the distribution of
    insurance products and timing of certain projects and other expenses;
  An increase in operations and support expenses of $7 million to $115 million, which includes costs that support wealth
    management and other general and administrative functions such as product management, technology and operations,
    as well as other functional business units and corporate expenses;
  An increase in sub-advisory expenses of $3 million to $45 million, primarily due to changes in assets under management;
  An increase in interest expense of $4 million to $26 million, which includes allocated interest expense on long-term debt
    and interest expense on leases. Long-term debt interest expense is calculated based on an allocation of IGM’s long-term
    debt to IG Wealth Management. The allocation of debt increased during the second quarter of 2023, as a result of the
    issuance of long-term debt by IGM; and
  An increase in income taxes of $4 million to $43 million.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  25
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ASSET MANAGEMENT
                                       The Asset Management segment includes the fees received from IGM’s mutual funds, Wealth Management segment and
                                       third parties for investment management services.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Net earnings increased by $10 million to $87 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024, compared with the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2023. Net earnings of Asset Management include a positive contribution of $30 million from
                                       strategic investments, compared with $29 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The net earnings of Mackenzie
                                       increased by $9 million to $57 million, primarily due to:
                                          An increase in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses, of
                                              $6 million to $189 million. Net asset management fees – third party were $160 million, an increase of $5 million compared
                                              with the corresponding quarter in 2023 primarily due to an increase in the average assets under management of 4.6%,
                                              partially offset by a decrease in the net asset management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was
                                              53.0 basis points for the three months ended March 31, 2024, compared with 54.2 basis points in 2023. The decrease in
                                              rate was mainly driven by a change in the composition of assets under management. In addition, there was one more
                                              calendar day in the three-month period of 2024. Asset management fees – Wealth Management were $29 million, an
                                              increase of $1 million from the corresponding quarter in 2023;
                                          An increase in net investment income and other of $2 million to $7 million. Net investment income and other primarily
                                              includes investment returns related to Mackenzie’s investments in proprietary funds, which are generally made in the
                                              process of launching a fund and are sold as third-party investors subscribe; and
                                          A decrease in expenses of $6 million to $111 million, primarily due to a decrease in operations and support expenses of
                                              $4 million and a decrease in advisory and business development expenses of $1 million in the three-month period.
                                              Advisory and business development expenses primarily include wholesale distribution activities which vary directly with
                                              assets or sales levels. Operations and support expenses include costs associated with business operations, including
                                              technology and business processes, in-house investment management and product shelf management, corporate
                                              management and support functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation, technology and other service
                                              provider expenses.
                                          Partially offset by an increase in income taxes of $3 million to $21 million.

                                       ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT AND ADVISEMENT
                                       Assets under advisement (AUA) are a key performance indicator for the Wealth Management segment.
                                       Assets under management (AUM) are the key driver of the Asset Management segment and an additional driver of revenues
                                       and expenses within the Wealth Management segment in relation to its investment management activities. Refer to the section
                                       “Other Measures” for a definition of AUM and AUA.
                                       Total assets under management and advisement (AUM&A) were as follows:
                                                                                                                                    March 31,              December 31,                         March 31,   December 31,
                                       (In billions of dollars)                                                                         2024                     2023                               2023          2022

                                       Wealth Management [1]
                                         IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                       113.6                       107.6                          104.1           99.3
                                         IG Wealth Management other AUA                                                                   14.4                        13.6                          11.8           11.5
                                       Assets under advisement                                                                          128.0                       121.2                          115.9          110.8
                                       Asset Management
                                         Third-party AUM                                                                                124.2                       118.9                          117.0          113.1
                                         Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management                                                        79.5                        76.8                          76.8           73.5
                                       Assets under management                                                                          203.7                       195.7                          193.8          186.6
                                       Consolidated [1][2]
                                         Assets under management                                                                        237.7                       226.6                          222.3          213.6
                                         Assets under management and advisement [3]                                                     252.2                       240.2                          234.1          224.2
                                       [1] Excludes AUM and AUM&A of IPC, reported as discontinued operations by IGM in 2023; comparative information presented has been restated to exclude IPC.
                                       [2] Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. In the Wealth Management segment, assets under management is a component part of assets under advisement. All
                                           instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its products through the Wealth Management segment
                                           are eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s operating companies.
                                       [3] Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.




                                              A  26                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Total average assets under management and advisement were as follows:
                                                                                                                                2024                                2023
(In billions of dollars)                                                                                                          Q1      Q4      Q3      Q2            Q1




                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                            [1]
Wealth Management
  IG Wealth Management AUA                                                                                                      124.0   117.1   116.9   116.1      114.7
  IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                                                      110.0   104.2   104.7   104.2      103.3
Asset Management
  Third-party AUM                                                                                                               121.0   114.1   115.5   116.3      115.7
  Total AUM                                                                                                                     198.9   189.3   191.9   193.1      192.0
                   [1][2]
Consolidated
  Assets under management                                                                                                       231.0   219.2   221.5   221.8      220.2
                                                          [3]
  Assets under management and advisement                                                                                        245.0   232.1   233.7   233.6      231.6
[1] Excludes AUM and AUM&A of IPC, reported as discontinued operations by IGM in 2023; comparative information presented has been restated to exclude IPC.
[2] Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. All instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its
    products through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s
    operating companies.
[3] Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.



ADJUSTMENTS
Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings in the determination of adjusted net earnings by IGM’s management.
In the first quarter of 2024, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $1 million related to IGM’s proportionate
share of Lifeco’s adjustments.
In the first quarter of 2023, adjusted net earnings excluded a positive impact of $175 million after tax ($179 million pre-tax)
related to IGM’s sale of a portion of its investment in Lifeco to the Corporation. The Corporation has not included the amount
of the gain on the sale of Lifeco in its Adjustments as this gain was eliminated on consolidation.
In the fourth quarter of 2023, adjusted net earnings excluded a net positive impact of $215 million comprised of a positive
impact of $221 million after tax ($221 million pre-tax) related to IGM’s net gain, net of transaction costs, recognized on the
sale of IPC to Lifeco, partially offset by a negative impact of $6 million related to IGM’s proportionate share of Lifeco’s
adjustments. The Corporation has not included the amount of the gain on the sale of IPC in its Adjustments as this gain was
eliminated on consolidation.


The information above has been derived from IGM’s interim and most recent Annual MD&A; see Part C of this MD&A for
additional information on IGM’s interim results. IGM’s interim and most recent Annual MD&A are available under its profile
on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                   A  27
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       GBL

                                       OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       GBL is an established investment holding company. As a leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term
                                       value creation with the support of a stable family shareholder base and considers ESG factors as being inextricably linked to
                                       value creation. GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed, private and alternative investments. GBL
                                       Capital, the group’s alternative assets activity, provides additional sources of diversification to GBL’s portfolio. In addition,
                                       GBL is developing its third-party asset management activity through Sienna Investment Managers, a wholly owned subsidiary.
                                       GBL’s portfolio is composed of global companies, leaders in their sectors, in which GBL can contribute to value creation by
                                       being an active professional investor.
                                       At March 31, 2024, GBL’s portfolio was mainly comprised of the following investments (% equity ownership):

                                       PUBLICLY LISTED
                                            Imerys (EPA: NK) (54.6%) – industrial mineral-based specialty                         Umicore (EBR: UMI) (15.9%) – automotive catalysts, cathode
                                             solutions                                                                              materials for batteries and precious metals recycling
                                            SGS (SIX: SGSN) (19.3%) – testing, inspection and certification                       Concentrix (NASDAQ: CNXC) (13.4%) – global provider of
                                             solutions                                                                              customer experience (CX) services and technologies
                                            Pernod Ricard (EPA: RI) (6.7%) – wines and spirits                                    Ontex (EBR: ONTEX) (19.98%) – provider of personal hygiene
                                            adidas (XETR: ADS) (6.9%) – design, development and distribution                       solutions
                                             of sporting goods


                                       PRIVATELY HELD
                                            Affidea (99.1%) – provider of advanced diagnostics and                                Parques Reunidos (23.0%) – operator of leisure parks
                                             outpatient services                                                                   Voodoo (15.6%) – developer and publisher of mobile games
                                            Sanoptis (83.3%) – provider of ophthalmology services
                                            Canyon (48.7%) – direct-to-consumer manufacturer of
                                             premium bicycles


                                       Through GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers, GBL has expanded its activities into alternative asset management
                                       and is developing an alternative investment portfolio including investments in funds externally managed and direct co-
                                       investments in private equity, and offers a full range of investment strategies with a strong ESG focus through its multi-
                                       expertise third-party asset managers. Strategies managed by Sienna Investment Managers include listed assets, private
                                       equity, private credit, venture capital and real estate.
                                       GBL reported a net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at March 31, 2024 of €16,998 million, compared with
                                       €16,671 million at December 31, 2023.
                                       GBL’s financial results and other disclosures are derived from publicly disclosed information, as issued by GBL in its first
                                       quarter of 2024 press release. Further information on GBL’s results is available on its website (www.gbl.com).

                                       2024 DEVELOPMENTS
                                         Portfolio Rotation: During the first quarter of 2024, GBL continued to rotate its portfolio, and completed the disposal of
                                             a portion of its interest in adidas, reducing its interest from 7.6% at December 31, 2023 to 6.9% at March 31, 2024,
                                             generating total proceeds of approximately €258 million and a net capital gain of €155 million for GBL (no impact on the
                                             net consolidated result in accordance with IFRS 9).
                                         Share Repurchases: During the first quarter of 2024, GBL repurchased, directly and through its subsidiaries, 0.7 million
                                             shares of its own capital for a total consideration of €47 million. On May 2, 2024, subsequent to quarter-end, GBL
                                             cancelled 8.3 million of its treasury shares.




                                             A  28                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


R ES U LTS

Contribution to Power Corporation




                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                 March 31,    December 31,     March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2024           2023           2023
Average direct ownership (%) [1]                                                                                                     15.5            15.5          14.9
Contribution to net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                54               (1)           19


Contribution to holding company balance sheets
  Investment in GBL, carrying value                                                                                                 3,780           3,717         3,582
  % of total holding company assets                                                                                                  13.9            13.8          13.4

  Investment in GBL, fair value                                                                                                     2,260           2,295         2,560
  % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                    5.6              5.7            6.9

[1] Average direct ownership presented does not consider the effect of the treasury shares held by GBL. The average economic ownership including the effect of treasury
    shares was 17.6% for the three-month period ended March 31, 2024 (16.4% in the first quarter of 2023).




Contribution to net earnings (loss) as reported by GBL
Three months ended                                                                                                               March 31,    December 31,     March 31,
(in millions of euros)                                                                                                               2024           2023           2023

Share of earnings (loss) of associates and consolidated operating companies of:
     Imerys                                                                                                                            38              (73)           56
     Canyon                                                                                                                             (3)             (6)            1
     Affidea                                                                                                                            (8)             (9)            (3)
     Sanoptis                                                                                                                         (12)             (15)            7
     Parques Reunidos/Piolin II                                                                                                       (27)             (23)           (27)
     Webhelp                                                                                                                            −               −             10
     GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers                                                                                        30              34              (1)
                                                                                                                                       18              (92)           43
Net dividends from investments:
     SGS                                                                                                                              126               −             118
     Concentrix                                                                                                                         4               2              −
     Pernod Ricard                                                                                                                      −              46              −
     Other                                                                                                                              −               −              1
                                                                                                                                      130              48             119
Other financial income (expenses)
     Derivatives associated with exchangeable and convertible bonds                                                                     1              (10)           (12)
     Change in value of liability to Webhelp’s minority shareholders                                                                    −               −             (44)
     Other financial income (expenses)                                                                                                 54              76             48
                                                                                                                                       55              66              (8)
Other operating income (expenses)
     Change in value of liability for Webhelp’s employee incentive plan                                                                 −               −             (38)
     Other operating income (expenses)                                                                                                (37)             (39)           (29)
                                                                                                                                      (37)             (39)           (67)
Gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets                                                         30              14              (1)
Interest income (expenses)                                                                                                              (2)             1              (9)
Taxes                                                                                                                                   −               (1)            −
Net earnings (loss) [1][2]                                                                                                            194               (3)           77
[1] Described as “IFRS consolidated net result” in GBL’s publicly disclosed information.
[2] Attributable to GBL shareholders.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                A  29
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                                                                                  Q1 2024 vs. Q1 2023 and Q4 2023

                                       Net earnings (loss)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Net earnings of €194 million, compared with net earnings of €77 million in the corresponding period in 2023, and a net loss of €3 million in the
                                       fourth quarter of 2023.




                                       For the three-month period ended March 31, 2024, net earnings increased by €117 million to €194 million, compared with
                                       the corresponding quarter in 2023. The increase in net earnings was mainly due to:
                                         An increase in other financial income of €63 million to income of €55 million in the three-month period ended March 31,
                                            2024, compared with financial expenses of €8 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The increase in other financial
                                            income is primarily due to:
                                              A gain of €1 million on marking to market derivatives associated with the exchangeable and convertible bonds issued
                                                 by GBL, compared with a loss of €12 million in the corresponding period in 2023;
                                              A net increase in the fair value of GBL Capital’s investments in alternative funds and direct co-investments in private
                                                 equity classified as FVPL, of €61 million, compared with a net increase in fair value of €33 million in the corresponding
                                                 quarter in 2023;
                                              A loss of €13 million on the mark to market of the Concentrix earnout shares; and
                                              The first quarter of 2023 included a negative impact of €44 million related to the increase in the liability to Webhelp’s
                                                 minority shareholders, which was extinguished on closing of the transaction with Concentrix in 2023.
                                         An increase in the contribution from investments consolidated or accounted for using the equity method by GBL Capital
                                            and Sienna Investment Managers of €31 million to a contribution to GBL’s earnings of €30 million, compared with a
                                            contribution of negative €1 million for the three-month period of 2023;
                                         An increase in the contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of
                                            €31 million to a contribution to GBL of €30 million, compared with a contribution of negative €1 million in the
                                            corresponding quarter in 2023. The gain in the first quarter of 2024 relates to the sale of one investment by GBL Capital;
                                         An increase in dividends of €11 million to €130 million, mainly due to an increase in the dividend received from SGS; and
                                         A decrease in other operating expenses of €30 million to €37 million. The first quarter of 2023 included an increase in
                                            liabilities recorded for Webhelp’s employee incentive plan of €38 million, which was extinguished at the closing of the
                                            transaction with Concentrix in 2023.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         A decrease in the contribution from Sanoptis to GBL’s earnings of €19 million to a contribution to GBL of negative
                                            €12 million, compared with a positive contribution of €7 million for the corresponding quarter in 2023;
                                         A decrease in the contribution from Imerys to GBL’s earnings of €18 million to a contribution to GBL of €38 million,
                                            compared with a contribution of €56 million for the corresponding quarter in 2023;
                                         A decrease in the contribution from Affidea to GBL’s earnings of €5 million to a contribution to GBL of negative €8 million,
                                            compared with a contribution of negative €3 million for the corresponding quarter in 2023;
                                         A decrease in the contribution from Canyon to GBL’s earnings of €4 million to a contribution to GBL of negative €3 million,
                                            compared with a contribution of €1 million for the corresponding quarter in 2023; and
                                         A decrease in the contribution from Webhelp of €10 million as it was deconsolidated in the third quarter of 2023 following
                                            the closing of the transaction with Concentrix.

                                       Average Exchange Rates
                                       The average exchange rates for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                  March 31,               March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                             2024                    2023    Change %

                                       Euro/CAD                                                                                                                      1.4641                1.4515          0.9


                                       The information above has been derived from GBL’s publicly disclosed financial information, as issued by GBL in its first
                                       quarter of 2024 press release. Further information on GBL’s results is available on its website (www.gbl.com).




                                            A  30                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


OTHER COMPONENTS OF EARNINGS

Sagard and Power Sustainable




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, is developing alternative
asset management businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several
high-growth asset classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management
businesses through raising third-party capital as well as the expansion of strategies and asset classes:
  Sagard is a multi-strategy alternative asset management firm with professionals principally located in Canada, the U.S.,
    Europe and the Middle East. Sagard has active strategies in venture capital & growth, private equity, private credit,
    royalties and real estate. Sagard also engages in private wealth management and holds strategic interests in other
    alternative asset management businesses. Sagard looks to generate attractive returns by matching investment
    opportunities with flexible capital solutions and pairing entrepreneurs with teams that have deep industry knowledge.
  Power Sustainable is a climate-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable
    finances companies and projects aiming for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers
    institutional investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across
    multiple industries. Power Sustainable is currently comprised of three strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure,
    Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food) and Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit.
Sagard and Power Sustainable comprise the results of the investment platforms, which include income earned from asset
management and investing activities. Earnings from asset management activities include income earned from management
fees and carried interest, net of investment platform expenses. Earnings from investing activities comprise income earned on
the capital invested by the Corporation (proprietary capital) in the investment funds managed by each platform and the share
of earnings (losses) of controlled and consolidated subsidiaries held within the investment platforms.

2024 DEVELOPMENTS

Sagard
  In January 2024, SHMI completed the previously announced transaction to acquire a strategic interest in Performance
    Equity Management, LLC (PEM), a global, multi-product, private equity investment firm. Sagard’s investment in PEM
    marks its establishment of a fund of funds, secondary and co-investment platform. The agreement includes a path for
    Sagard to acquire all of the remaining equity of PEM on December 31, 2028. Upon the closing of the transaction, the
    Corporation has determined that it has control of PEM, through Sagard, in accordance with IFRS 10, Consolidated
    Financial Statements. As a result, the Corporation has consolidated PEM on the date of the acquisition. PEM had
    $12.0 billion (US$8.8 billion) of assets under management at March 31, 2024.
  On March 8, 2024, SHMI completed the acquisition of a 40% interest and strategic partnership with HalseyPoint Asset
    Management, LLC (HalseyPoint), a U.S.-based collateralized loan obligations (CLO) manager. The HalseyPoint CLO
    strategy broadens Sagard’s credit offering, which includes opportunistic credit and senior lending products across North
    America. Upon the closing of the transaction, the Corporation has determined that it has joint control of HalseyPoint,
    through Sagard. As a result, the Corporation’s investment in HalseyPoint is accounted for using the equity method.
    HalseyPoint had $4.3 billion (US$3.2 billion) of assets under management at March 31, 2024.

Power Sustainable
  In the first quarter of 2024, Power Sustainable made a strategic decision as part of the realignment of its management
    business to wind down its China public equity strategy, which included the closing of its investment management
    operations in China. Power Sustainable is focused on growing its alternative asset management business primarily
    through fundraising third-party capital, and will reallocate resources to other strategies which are well positioned to raise
    capital and meet investors’ needs. At March 31, 2024, the investments managed through the China public equity strategy
    were held in cash and will be returned to investors accordingly. Power Sustainable recognized a restructuring charge of
    $12 million in the first quarter of 2024 related to this realignment.
    At March 31, 2024, the Corporation’s investments held within Power Sustainable China have been included, according
    to their nature, within cash and cash equivalents or other investments in the holding company balance sheet. The
    Corporation will remain invested in China with investments in mainland China’s public equity markets through its
    Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (QFII) licence. The Power group of companies also remains invested in China
    through IGM’s 27.8% strategic investment in ChinaAMC. The Corporation will continue to explore opportunities to deploy
    capital that are in line with its strategy to maximize value and meet return objectives.
  On May 6, 2024, subsequent to quarter end, Power Sustainable and Lifeco jointly announced that they have entered into
    a new long-term strategic partnership. Under the transaction, Lifeco has become a minority shareholder in the
    management business of Power Sustainable (PSM), with an ownership interest of slightly below 20% on a fully diluted
    basis, and has agreed to invest in certain funds across Power Sustainable’s investment strategies in the future. This
    ongoing relationship will enable Power Sustainable to accelerate its growth and market penetration in sustainable private
    equity and infrastructure, while supporting Lifeco’s value creation strategy as part of a responsible transition.


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  31
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONTRIBU TION TO POWER COR POR ATION
                                       Summary of Adjusted and net earnings (loss) from Sagard and Power Sustainable:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                       March 31,          December 31,         March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                  2024                 2023               2023

                                       Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
                                         Adjusted net earnings (loss)
                                           Asset management activities
                                              Sagard                                                                                                                            (1)                   4              (10)
                                              Power Sustainable                                                                                                               (14)                   (16)            (12)
                                           Investing activities (proprietary capital)
                                              Sagard                                                                                                                            6                    17               (1)
                                              Power Sustainable                                                                                                               (19)                   (22)            (20)
                                                                                                                                                                              (28)                   (17)            (43)
                                         Adjustments
                                              Power Sustainable                                                                                                                23                    (48)            (45)
                                       Net earnings (loss)                                                                                                                      (5)                  (65)            (88)


                                       The following sections discuss the overview and results of the asset management and investing activities of the investment
                                       platforms.

                                       ASS ET MANAG EMENT ACTIVITIES

                                       Overview of the businesses

                                       SAGARD
                                       At March 31, 2024, Sagard had $34.0 billion (US$25.1 billion) of assets under management ($21.3 billion (US$16.1 billion) at
                                       December 31, 2023), including unfunded commitments (refer to the section “Other Measures”), across five asset classes: venture
                                       capital & growth, private equity, private credit, royalties and real estate, including $1.4 billion through its private wealth
                                       investment platform ($1.5 billion at December 31, 2023). At March 31, 2024, assets under management include $4.7 billion
                                       (US$3.5 billion) and $7.3 billion (US$5.3 billion), managed through PEM’s fund of funds, direct investment funds and separately
                                       managed accounts, and are presented within the venture capital & growth and private equity assets classes, respectively.
                                       Sagard manages assets within funds, separately managed accounts and co-investment vehicles. The composition of the assets
                                       under management by strategy is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                        March 31,           December 31,
                                       (In billions of dollars)                                                                                                                             2024                  2023

                                       Venture Capital & Growth [1]                                                                                                                            8.7                   3.8
                                       Private Equity                                                                                                                                         11.3                   4.2
                                       Private Credit                                                                                                                                          3.7                   3.4
                                       Royalties                                                                                                                                               2.2                   1.7
                                       Real Estate                                                                                                                                             6.7                   6.7
                                       Other [2]                                                                                                                                               1.4                   1.5

                                       Assets under management                                                                                                                                34.0                 21.3
                                           Power Corporation                                                                                                                                   1.6                   1.6
                                           Third parties and associated companies [3]                                                                                                         32.4                  19.7

                                       Fee-bearing capital [1][4][5]                                                                                                                          23.6                 14.0
                                           Power Corporation                                                                                                                                   1.0                   1.0
                                           Third parties and associated companies [3]                                                                                                         22.6                  13.0
                                       [1] Includes inter-fund eliminations of Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II interests in the Diagram Funds within the Venture Capital & Growth asset class
                                            at March 31, 2024.
                                       [2] Includes assets managed through its private wealth investment platform.
                                       [3] Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco, IGM and GBL.
                                       [4] Refer to the section “Other Measures”.
                                       [5] Excludes the fee bearing capital of Sagard’s private wealth investment platform of $1.4 billion at March 31, 2024 (same as at December 31, 2023).

                                       Sagard’s weighted average management fee rate (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was 1.09% for the three-month
                                       period ended March 31, 2024, compared with 1.38% in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The decrease is primarily due to
                                       the change in the composition of assets under management and related fee rates following the acquisition of PEM, a fund of
                                       funds manager, in the first quarter of 2024.


                                              A  32                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


The following table summarizes the funds managed by Sagard and the Corporation’s interests in each of the funds:
March 31, 2024                                                                                                              Interest held                           Manager compensation
(in millions; except as                                                      Capital             Power Associated                                                                 Carried




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
   otherwise noted)                            Currency         Vintage commitments         Corporation companies [1] Third parties         Fees [2]                            interest [2]
                                                                                     ($)               (%)            (%)            (%)                (%)                             (% )

Venture Capital & Growth
Portage Ventures I [3][4]                            C$           2016              466              38.0           62.0               −               2.00 Invested capital         10.0
Portage Ventures II [3][5]                           C$           2018              427              12.4           16.8           70.8                2.00 Invested capital         20.0
Portage Ventures III                               US$            2021              655               2.4           15.3           82.3                2.25 Committed capital        20.0
Portage Capital Solutions [6]                      US$            2022              381              39.4           34.8           25.8                2.00 Committed capital        20.0
                    [7]
Diagram Funds                                        C$ 2016-2023                   370              19.2           19.5           61.3      1.00-2.50 Committed capital         nil-20.0

Private Equity
Sagard Private Equity Canada                         C$           2021              407               3.7           13.7           82.6                2.00 Committed capital        20.0
                          [5]
Sagard MidCap II                                       €          2006              728              22.4           25.6           51.9                1.75 Invested capital         20.0
Sagard MidCap 3 [5][8]                                 €          2013              729               0.2           26.9           72.9                2.00 Invested capital         20.0
Sagard MidCap 4                                        €          2020              815              18.6           27.2           54.2                1.75 Committed capital        20.0
Sagard NewGen                                          €          2020              313               6.0           23.8           70.2                2.00 Committed capital        20.0

Private Credit
Sagard Credit Partners I                           US$            2017              557              18.0             1.0          81.0                1.50 Invested capital         15.0
Sagard Credit Partners II                          US$            2020           1,167                4.3             5.2          90.5                1.50 Invested capital         20.0
                                         [6]
Sagard Senior Lending Partners                     US$            2022              338                 −           15.1           84.9                1.25 Invested capital         15.0

Royalties
Sagard Healthcare Partners [6][9]                  US$            2019           1,026               10.6             0.5          88.9      1.50-1.75 Committed capital             20.0

Real Estate
USPF [10]                                          US$            2002              916               1.7           21.5           76.8      0.75-0.98 Net asset value                   −

[1] Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco ($33 million in Portage Ventures II, US$59 million in Portage
    Ventures III, up to US$143 million in Portage Capital Solutions, $50 million in SPEC, €50 million in Sagard MidCap 4, US$50 million in Sagard Credit Partners II, up to
    US$120 million in SSLP, and US$197 million in USPF), IGM ($33 million in Portage Ventures II and US$26 million in Portage Ventures III), Pargesa (€33 million in Sagard
    MidCap II), and GBL (€102 million in Sagard MidCap II, €192 million in Sagard MidCap 3, €150 million in Sagard MidCap 4 and €50 million in Sagard NewGen). Lifeco
    and IGM have invested $27 million and $262 million, respectively, in Portage Ventures I.
[2] Represents the base management fees and carried interest of each fund.
[3] Includes an interest in Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II of 38.0% and 7.7%, respectively, held through Power Financial.
[4] Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple.
[5] During the investment period, management fees were based on committed capital. Since the close of the investment period, management fees are based on invested
    capital, which may include a reserve for follow-on investments.
[6] Fundraising activities continue for Portage Capital Solutions, Sagard Senior Lending Partners, Sagard Healthcare Partners and USPF.
[7] The Diagram Funds include Diagram Ventures I, Diagram Ventures II, Diagram Ventures III, Diagram Opportunity and Diagram ClimateTech. Total capital commitments
    includes amounts committed by Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II. Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments
    from Portage Ventures I ($10 million in Diagram Ventures I) and Portage Ventures II ($10 million in Diagram Ventures I and $35 million in Diagram Ventures II). Diagram
    Ventures I and II do not have performance fees.
[8] The Corporation’s interest is held in carried interest units.
[9] Represents Series I and II; the interest in the fund is based on invested capital as of March 31, 2024. During the third quarter of 2023, Sagard Healthcare Partners
    completed the first close of the second series raising total capital commitments of up to US$300 million. The investment period is completed for the first series which
    represents a total commitment of $726 million; base compensation changed from 1.75% on committed capital to 1.50% on invested capital.
[10] USPF is managed by Sagard Real Estate through a management service agreement. USPF is an open-end real estate fund and generally invests all committed capital; as
     such the capital commitments of the fund is representative of the net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”).




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                A  33
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The following table summarizes the activities of each of the funds managed by Sagard:
                                       March 31, 2024                                                                                                             Commitments
                                       (in millions; except as                                                                                                                                 Distributions




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                          otherwise noted)                                Currency               Total funded                Unfunded                  Unfunded                    to date [1]   NAV [2]
                                                                                                                             ($)                      ($)                     (%)                         ($)        ($)

                                       Venture Capital & Growth
                                       Portage Ventures I [3]                                   C$                        466                          −                        −                       621      1,375
                                       Portage Ventures II                                      C$                        401                        26                       6.1                         55       804
                                       Portage Ventures III                                   US$                         298                       357                     54.6                           −       308
                                       Portage Capital Solutions                              US$                           87                      294                     77.1                           −        81
                                       Diagram Funds                                            C$                        155                       215                     58.1                          76       196

                                       Private Equity
                                       Sagard Private Equity Canada                             C$                        144                       263                     64.5                           −       140
                                       Sagard MidCap II                                          €                        722                          6                      0.9                     1,163         41
                                       Sagard MidCap 3                                           €                        677                        52                       7.2                     1,078        602
                                       Sagard MidCap 4                                           €                        580                       235                     28.8                           −       661
                                                             [4]
                                       Sagard NewGen                                             €                        210                       125                     40.0                          32       241

                                       Private Credit
                                       Sagard Credit Partners I [4]                           US$                         548                       279                     50.0                        518        176
                                                                     [4]
                                       Sagard Credit Partners II                              US$                         446                       753                     64.5                          32       505
                                       Sagard Senior Lending Partners                         US$                           81                      257                     75.9                           −        83

                                       Royalties
                                       Sagard Healthcare Partners [4]                         US$                         763                       384                     37.5                        168        685

                                       [1] Excludes distributions which have been recalled by the fund for reinvestment, as well as distributions made by the fund due to rebalancing from increases in fund size.
                                       [2] Net asset value (NAV) of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities, and includes the controlled and consolidated
                                           investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments
                                           to controlled and consolidated investments.
                                       [3] Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple, which represents
                                           a fair value of $1.3 billion at March 31, 2024 ($1.1 billion at December 31, 2023).
                                       [4] Total funded commitments represent the net cash funded for portfolio investments and fund expenses since inception, excluding amounts that have been recalled by
                                           the fund. The unfunded commitments of Sagard NewGen, Sagard Credit Partners I, Sagard Credit Partners II and Sagard Healthcare Partners includes amounts
                                           distributed of €23 million, US$270 million, US$32 million and US$121 million, respectively, which are recallable by the fund.




                                             A  34                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Venture Capital & Growth (fintech investments)
  Sagard’s venture capital & growth asset class is managed under the Portage, Diagram and PEM platforms.




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
PORTAGE
  Portage has a mission to empower entrepreneurs reshaping financial services by partnering with ambitious companies
      across all stages through Portage Ventures and Portage Capital Solutions.
        Portage Ventures is a global fintech venture capital investment strategy dedicated to supporting fintech innovators
          in insurance, consumer & small and medium business finance, wealth & asset management, and fintech enablers.
          Through its funds, Portage Ventures has invested in more than 100 fintech companies and investment funds.
        Portage Capital Solutions is a capital partner for fintech and financial services businesses which aims to deliver flexible
          equity capital solutions and resources to later-stage fintech and financial services companies, and will generally target
          investments over US$50 million.

DIAGRAM
  Diagram is a venture builder that conceives and launches technology companies, primarily in the financial services
      (fintech) and climate tech spaces. Diagram has launched and invested in more than 20 companies across five funds.

PEM
  PEM has a venture capital fund of funds program with an emphasis on access-constrained U.S. early and late-stage
      technology-centric asset managers. This investment strategy, through funds and separately managed accounts, provides
      investors with access to selected managers, many of which are closed to new investors.
      Between 2005 and 2022, PEM has launched five funds under this strategy, representing total capital commitments of
      US$2.0 billion. PEM earns management fees ranging between 0.30% to 0.90%, based on committed capital, as well as
      carried interest between 5.0% to 10.0%. The investment period is currently closed for these funds.

Private Equity
  Sagard’s private equity asset class is managed under the Sagard and PEM platforms.

SAGARD
  Sagard, under its private equity asset class, manages three strategies including Sagard Private Equity Canada, Sagard
      Midcap (Europe), and Sagard NewGen (Europe).
        Sagard Private Equity Canada is a private equity strategy investing in the Canadian middle market, with a focus on
          business and financial services, as well as manufacturing.
        Sagard MidCap is a European private equity investment strategy which invests in middle-market business services,
          healthcare, food & consumer, and industrial sectors.
        Sagard NewGen is a European lower-middle-market private equity investment strategy that invests in high-growth
          technology and healthcare industry leaders, with investment sizes typically between €10 million and €50 million.

PEM
  PEM manages an investment strategy which focuses on a diversified portfolio of primarily U.S. small and middle market
      buyout sourced from selected asset managers, including co-investment opportunities. PEM offers this investment
      strategy through funds and separately managed accounts.
      Between 2014 and 2022, PEM has launched three funds under this strategy, representing total capital commitments of
      US$0.6 billion. PEM earns management fees of 1.0%, based on invested or committed capital, as well as carried interest
      of 10.0%. The investment period is closed for two of the related funds and fundraising activities continue for the fund
      launched in 2022.

Private Credit
  Sagard, under the private credit asset class, manages two strategies, Sagard Credit and Sagard Senior Lending and
      includes a strategic investment in HalseyPoint.
         Sagard Credit is a non-sponsor, direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market public and private companies in
           North America. It provides bespoke debt solutions across the credit spectrum in first- and second-lien loans, such as
           unsecured and mezzanine financings, tailored to a company’s specific needs.
        Sagard Senior Lending is a senior direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market companies in North America. It
          provides non-sponsor first-lien, floating-rate debt to public and private middle-market companies to help fund
          growth and other strategic initiatives.
        HalseyPoint, a manager jointly controlled by Sagard, manages CLOs focused on the U.S. leveraged loan and high-
          yield bond asset class. HalseyPoint has raised to date seven CLOs.



                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  35
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Royalties
                                         Sagard Healthcare, a biopharmaceutical royalties investment strategy, invests in royalties and credit backed by approved
                                           and commercialized biopharmaceutical products, diagnostics and medical devices. Sagard Healthcare aims to accelerate




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                           the returns on innovation for owners of intellectual property, while offering investors an attractive healthcare exposure
                                           largely uncorrelated to other asset classes.
                                       Real Estate
                                         Sagard Real Estate (formerly EverWest) is a full-service real estate investment platform operating in acquisitions,
                                           development, asset management, and property management in specific sub-markets within the United States. Sagard
                                           Real Estate is headquartered in Denver, Colorado with regional offices throughout the United States.
                                           Sagard Real Estate offers a variety of investment strategies including separately managed accounts and funds.
                                       Private Wealth Investment Platform
                                         Sagard indirectly holds a 65.0% controlling interest in Grayhawk, a private wealth investment platform offering
                                           independent, bespoke and client-centric investment solutions for Canadian families. Grayhawk had $1.4 billion in assets
                                           under management at March 31, 2024 ($1.5 billion at December 31, 2023).




                                           A  36                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER SUSTAINABLE
At March 31, 2024, Power Sustainable had $3.8 billion of assets under management ($4.5 billion at December 31, 2023),
including unfunded commitments. Assets under management reflect the fair value of assets, net of liabilities and project debt,




                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
and includes unfunded commitments.
Power Sustainable manages assets within funds and separately managed accounts. The composition of assets under
management is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                      March 31,                 December 31,
(in millions of dollars)                                                                                                                                  2024                        2023

Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure                                                                                                                  2,788                         2,748
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit                                                                                                                    816                              797
Power Sustainable Lios                                                                                                                                     219                              221
Power Sustainable China [1]                                                                                                                                     −                           715
Assets under management                                                                                                                                  3,823                         4,481
    Power Corporation                                                                                                                                     1,111                         1,605

    Third parties and associated companies        [2]
                                                                                                                                                          2,712                         2,876

Fee-bearing capital [1][3]                                                                                                                               2,207                         2,835
    Power Corporation                                                                                                                                       974                         1,456

    Third parties and associated companies [2]                                                                                                            1,233                         1,379
[1] Power Sustainable China managed open-end funds and assets on behalf of clients through separate investment management agreements. In the first quarter of 2024,
    Power Sustainable has realigned its strategies and wound down the Power Sustainable China strategy; at March 31, 2024, the portfolio has been liquidated, and is not
    presented within the AUM and fee-bearing capital. Refer to the section “2024 Developments”.
[2] Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco.
[3] Refer to the section “Other Measures”.


Power Sustainable’s weighted average management fee rate was 1.0% for the three-month period ended March 31, 2024,
comparable with the corresponding period in 2023.
The following table summarizes the strategies managed by Power Sustainable and the Corporation’s interests in each of the
strategies:
March 31, 2024                                                                                          Commitments                                                 Interest held
                                                                                           Capital                Total                Power      Associated              Third
(in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)       Currency      Vintage       commitments               funded            Corporation   companies [1]            parties            NAV
                                                                                                  ($)                ($)                 (%)             (%)                 (%)             ($)

Power Sustainable Energy
 Infrastructure Partnership [2][3]                              C$        2021                1,800                944                  38.0           14.7                47.3        1,431
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit                        US$        2023                  600                 59                     −          100.0                    −             61
Power Sustainable Lios [4]                                      C$        2022                  234                 57                     −           18.5                81.5              42

[1] Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco of $220 million in PSEIP, $40 million in Power Sustainable Lios and
    US$600 million in Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit.
[2] NAV of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities and project debt, and includes the controlled and consolidated
    investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments
    to controlled and consolidated investments.
[3] The interest in the fund is based on invested capital as of March 31, 2024. Excludes direct investments in energy assets, which have a net asset value of $501 million. At
    March 31, 2024, PSEIP had distributed an amount of $80 million since inception.
[4] Fund commitments of up to $263 million, of which $234 million is currently callable.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                     A  37
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure (Power Sustainable Energy) operates a leading North American-focused renewable
                                       energy platform with 2.3 GW of utility-scale and distributed energy assets, including assets under construction, and assets in




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       advanced development projects. Through its wholly owned operating companies, Potentia Renewables and Nautilus Solar,
                                       Power Sustainable Energy has a dedicated team of over 170 in-house professionals to oversee the development, construction,
                                       financing and operation of renewable energy assets across North America.
                                         Potentia Renewables: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Potentia, a renewable energy generation company,
                                            which is a fully integrated developer, operator and manager of solar and wind energy assets, active in North America.
                                         Nautilus Solar: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Nautilus, a company headquartered in New Jersey, U.S. that
                                            acquires, develops, finances and manages distributed solar projects across community, municipal/utility-scale,
                                            commercial and industrial markets.
                                       The Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure platform actively manages investments through Power Sustainable Energy
                                       Infrastructure Partnership (PSEIP) and through direct investments in energy infrastructure.
                                       The following table details the composition of the total megawatts of utility-scale and distributed energy assets managed:
                                                                                                                                                                                          March 31,     December 31,
                                       (in megawatts (MW))                                                                                                                                    2024            2023

                                       Advanced development                                                                                                                                      106            129
                                       Under construction                                                                                                                                        262            410
                                                     [1]
                                       Operating                                                                                                                                                1,889         1,690
                                                                                                                                                                                                2,257         2,229
                                       [1] Includes projects in which PSEIP has a joint interest representing 312 MW at March 31, 2024 (same as at December 31, 2023).


                                       Power Sustainable Energy earns management fees of 0.80% to 1.00% charged on the net asset value of PSEIP as well as a
                                       carried interest of 15%. Power Sustainable Energy also earns management fees of 0.85% charged on the net asset value of
                                       direct investments.
                                       At March 31, 2024, the total assets on a consolidated basis of PSEIP and direct investments were $4.6 billion ($4.4 billion at
                                       December 31, 2023).

                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit
                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, a global infrastructure credit platform launched in 2023, targets global investments
                                       in energy, transportation, social, digital and other sustainable infrastructure. The platform, based in the U.S., targets sub-
                                       investment-grade infrastructure investments and seeks to support sustainable assets, portfolios and operating companies
                                       with tailored financing solutions.

                                       Power Sustainable Lios
                                       Power Sustainable Lios is a specialized North American agri-food private equity investment platform supporting the
                                       sustainability transformation occurring within our food system. Lios Fund I, its inaugural fund, invests in growth-oriented, mid-
                                       market companies across the food value chain in North America to drive positive and sustainable change.




                                             A  38                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RESULTS – Asset Management Activities
Asset management activities includes fee-related earnings (a non-IFRS financial measure, refer to the section “Non-IFRS
Financial Measures”), which is comprised of management fees less investment platform expenses. Asset management




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
activities also includes carried interest and income from other management activities.
Summary of the composition of net earnings (loss) from asset management activities:
                                                                                                                                 March 31,    December 31,          March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2024           2023                2023

Adjusted net earnings (loss)
SAGARD

  Management fees [1]                                                                                                                  51              43                  45
  Investment platform expenses                                                                                                        (55)            (47)                (47)
                                   [2]
  Fee-related earnings (loss)                                                                                                           (4)             (4)                (2)
  Net carried interest [3]                                                                                                              3               (1)                (2)
          [2]
  Other                                                                                                                                 3               4                  (5)
                                                                                                                                        2               (1)                (9)
  Loss from private wealth platform and other
   asset management activities [4]                                                                                                      (1)             (1)                (2)
  Non-controlling interests [5]                                                                                                         (2)             6                   1
                                                                                                                                        (1)             4                 (10)
POWER SUSTAINABLE

  Management fees [1]                                                                                                                   7               7                   6
                                         [6]
  Investment platform expenses                                                                                                        (17)            (18)                (17)
  Fee-related earnings (loss) [2]                                                                                                     (10)            (11)                (11)
                                                         [3]
  Net performance fees and carried interest                                                                                             (1)             9                   6
  Other [2][6][7]                                                                                                                       (3)           (14)                 (7)
                                                                                                                                      (14)            (16)                (12)
Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                                                          (15)            (12)                (22)

Adjustments
POWER SUSTAINABLE

  Restructuring charges                                                                                                               (12)              −                   −
Net earnings (loss)                                                                                                                   (27)            (12)                (22)
[1] Includes management fees charged by the investment platform on proprietary capital. Management fees paid by the Corporation are deducted from income from
    investing activities. In the first quarter of 2023, Sagard recognized a retroactive adjustment for management fees of $6 million, related to new capital committed in the
    fundraising close of Sagard NewGen.
[2] Fee-related earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Items excluded from fee-related earnings have been included in Other. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial
    Measures” for a description and reconciliation.
[3] Net carried interest is comprised of carried interest earned, net of employee costs which are recognized over the vesting period. Carried interest is recognized based
    on changes in fair value of investments held within each consolidated fund, and based on carried interest earned when it is highly probable that a significant reversal will
    not occur with respect to unconsolidated funds. The Corporation’s share of carried interest expense payable by the fund is included in investing activities.
[4] Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) from Sagard’s private wealth investment platform and other asset management activities as well as its interest in
    HalseyPoint.
[5] Non-controlling interests represent equity interests held in SHMI and PEM, and includes interests held in SHMI by Lifeco and management of Sagard.
[6] Certain amounts were reclassified in comparative figures to conform with the current presentation.
[7] Other includes customer acquisition, development and asset management activities provided by Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP. The loss in the fourth quarter
    of 2023 is mainly due to expenses incurred related to customer acquisition costs, which were not recoverable from PSEIP.


ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)

Power Sustainable
In the first quarter of 2024, Power Sustainable realigned its strategies and made a strategic decision to wind down its China
public equity strategy, which included the closing of its investment management operations in China. Power Sustainable
recognized a restructuring charge of $12 million in the first quarter. Refer to the section “2024 Developments”.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                    A  39
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       INVES TING ACTIVITIES

                                       Overview




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Power Corporation invests proprietary capital in the strategies of its investment platforms to support their growth and
                                       development as asset managers. The investment platforms’ growth strategy is focused primarily on raising third-party capital,
                                       and the Corporation expects that its proprietary capital will represent an increasingly smaller proportion of future funds. The
                                       Corporation seeks to earn attractive returns on its proprietary capital investments commensurate with the risk profile of the
                                       underlying investments in each strategy. Returns are expected to be realized over differing time horizons:
                                          Income-related strategies such as Private Credit, Royalties and Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership are
                                             expected to generate returns on a regular basis; and
                                          Capital appreciation strategies such as Venture Capital & Growth and Private Equity are expected to generate returns as
                                             investments are monetized.
                                       The Corporation holds investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable. The following table summarizes the
                                       investments held, by asset class, including the investments held through Power Financial:
                                                                                                                                                 March 31, 2024                                                  December 31, 2023
                                                                                                         Investments          Distributions                                   Investments          Distributions
                                       (in millions of dollars)                                             to date [1]           to date [1]           Fair value               to date [1]           to date [1]       Fair value

                                       Sagard
                                         Venture Capital & Growth [2]                                             362                   274                  687                       359                  274               611
                                         Private Equity                                                        1,131                 1,338                   248                    1,125                 1,331               244
                                         Private Credit                                                           198                   164                    73                      198                  163                69
                                         Royalties                                                                155                    73                    99                      146                    71               85
                                         Real Estate                                                               32                      1                   30                       32                      1              30
                                                                            [3]
                                         Cash and other investments                                                  1                     −                     9                        1                    −               23
                                       Power Sustainable
                                         Power Sustainable China [4][5]                                           420                   880                     −                      417                  372               508
                                         Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                           PSEIP [6]                                                              351                    32                  511                       335                    32              482
                                           Direct investments [7]                                              1,162                    514                  501                    1,144                   514               500
                                         Other investments                                                         11                      −                   12                         9                    −                 9

                                       [1] Includes distributions which have been recalled by the fund and distributions due to rebalancing.
                                       [2] Includes investment in the controlled and consolidated subsidiary, Wealthsimple, at fair value.
                                       [3] Fair value includes $7 million of cash held within the Sagard investing activities at March 31, 2024 (cash and other assets of $21 million at December 31, 2023).
                                       [4] The fair value of the investments at December 31, 2023 includes $98 million held in cash. Refer to the section “2024 Developments”.
                                       [5] Investments to date includes $182 million invested in the Power Sustainable China platform since 2005 to fund expenses ($179 million at December 31, 2023).
                                       [6] Includes the Corporation’s share of investments in controlled and consolidated subsidiaries held through PSEIP at fair value. Investments to date include amounts
                                           previously held through direct investments which were transferred to PSEIP in 2021 and in each of the third quarters of 2022 and 2023.
                                       [7] Includes the direct investments in energy infrastructure at fair value. Investments to date include funding related to the acquisitions of Potentia and Nautilus and related
                                           platform expenses prior to the establishment of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure.




                                             A  40                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINTECH INVESTMENTS
Fintech investments are comprised of the Corporation’s investments, primarily held through Power Financial, in the Portage
Ventures and Diagram funds and Wealthsimple. The Corporation’s investments in the Portage Ventures and Diagram funds




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
allow it to deepen its knowledge and accelerate the adoption of innovation within the Power group of companies, while
significant investments such as Wealthsimple give direct access to novel capabilities.
Wealthsimple
At March 31, 2024, Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM collectively held, through a limited partnership controlled
by Power Financial, an undiluted equity interest in Wealthsimple of 56.6% (same as at December 31, 2023), representing a
voting interest of 59.2% and a fully diluted equity interest of 43.4%. Wealthsimple, founded in 2014, is one of Canada’s fastest-
growing financial technology companies, and provides simple digital tools for growing and managing money.
Wealthsimple continues to strengthen its presence in the marketplace and offers a suite of financial products, ranging from
investing to spending, saving and tax. At March 31, 2024, Wealthsimple had 2.4 million clients, excluding tax filers, across the
Canadian market with assets under administration of $38.7 billion, compared with $31.0 billion at December 31, 2023.
At March 31, 2024, the Power group had invested $340 million in Wealthsimple (same as at December 31, 2023), and had
received total proceeds of $500 million from a secondary transaction in 2021.
The fair value of the Power group’s interest in Wealthsimple was $1.3 billion at March 31, 2024 ($1.1 billion at December 31,
2023). The fair value of the Corporation’s 15.8% equity interest in Wealthsimple, including its indirect interest held through
Portage Ventures I, on a fully diluted basis, was $490 million at March 31, 2024 ($413 million at December 31, 2023). The increase
in fair value is consistent with the increase in public market peer valuations, as well as Wealthsimple’s business performance and
revised revenue expectations.

RESULTS – Investing Activities
Investing activities comprises income earned on the capital invested by the Corporation (proprietary capital) in the investment
funds managed by the investment platforms and the share of earnings (losses) of controlled and consolidated subsidiaries
held within the investment platforms. The results of certain consolidated funds and controlled and consolidated subsidiaries
included in investing activities are not aligned with the fair value changes of the Corporation's respective investment, due to
the accounting treatment required for the underlying investments and activities.
The following table summarizes the classification of the investments held by the controlled and consolidated funds and direct
investments managed by the investment platforms:
Investment                                                   Classification of Investments held by the fund                      Measurement [1]
                       [2]
Portage Ventures I                                           FVPL                                                                Fair value
Portage Ventures II                                          FVPL                                                                Fair value
Portage Ventures III                                         FVPL                                                                Fair value
Portage Capital Solutions                                    FVPL                                                                Fair value
Diagram Funds                                                FVPL                                                                Fair value
Chinese Public Equities                                      FVOCI                                                               Fair value

[1] The Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture
    capital organization at FVPL.
[2] Excludes investment in Wealthsimple which is controlled and consolidated by the Corporation.


The Corporation consolidates the activities of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership on a historical cost basis;
therefore, the increase in fair value of the Corporation’s interest held in PSEIP is not recognized in earnings. However, the
limited partner equity interests held by third parties which have redemption features, subject to certain restrictions, have been
classified as a financial liability and are remeasured at their redemption value. Effective the first quarter of 2024, the impact
from the revaluation of the non-controlling interests liabilities has been excluded from adjusted net earnings. Refer to the
section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
Income earned from investment activities (proprietary capital) is volatile in nature as it depends on many factors, including
changes in fair value.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                  A  41
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Summary of adjusted and net earnings (loss) from investing activities (proprietary capital):
                                                                                                                                                                            March 31,          December 31,    March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                       2024                 2023          2023




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Adjusted net earnings (loss)
                                       SAGARD

                                         Private equity and other strategies                                                                                                          9                 30            9
                                                                                        [1]
                                         Venture capital (fintech investments)                                                                                                       (3)               (13)         (10)
                                                                                                                                                                                      6                 17            (1)
                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE

                                         Public equity                                                                                                                               (2)                 (1)          (2)
                                                                    [2]
                                         Energy infrastructure                                                                                                                     (17)                (21)         (18)
                                                                                                                                                                                   (19)                (22)         (20)
                                       Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                                                                (13)                  (5)        (21)

                                       Adjustments
                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE

                                         Revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities                                                                                      (19)                (48)         (45)
                                         Reclassification to earnings of foreign currency gains on Power Sustainable China                                                          54                   −            −
                                                                                                                                                                                    35                 (48)         (45)
                                       Net earnings (loss)                                                                                                                          22                 (53)         (66)
                                       [1] Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) of Wealthsimple. The net increase in fair value of the Corporation’s investments, including its investments held
                                           through Power Financial in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II, Portage Ventures III and Wealthsimple, was $71 million in the three-month period ended March 31,
                                           2024, compared with a net decrease of $6 million in fair value in the corresponding period in 2023.
                                       [2] Consists of the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) from direct investments in energy infrastructure and in the consolidated activities of PSEIP. Share of losses in the
                                           fourth quarter of 2023 included unrealized gains on derivative contracts hedging energy infrastructure projects of $11 million. The first and fourth quarters of 2023
                                           included the Corporation’s share of carried interest expense of $5 million and $7 million, respectively, which resulted from an increase in fair value of assets held in PSEIP.


                                       ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)

                                       Power Sustainable
                                       For the three-month period ended March 31, 2024, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of a net positive impact of
                                       $35 million, which include:
                                          The closing of Power Sustainable China, a foreign operation, resulted in a recovery of $54 million from the reclassification
                                             of the related cumulative translation adjustment to net earnings. Refer to the section “2024 Developments”.
                                          Partially offset by a charge of $19 million related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests
                                             liabilities resulting from changes in fair value of assets held in PSEIP, and the share of earnings (losses) from the
                                             consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to third-party investors. The Corporation controls and consolidates the
                                             activities of PSEIP on a historical cost basis; however, equity interests held by third parties have redemption features and
                                             are classified as a financial liability, which are remeasured at their redemption value. The first quarter of 2024 includes a
                                             charge of $10 million related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which
                                             mainly resulted from an increase in fair value of assets held in PSEIP.
                                       For the three-month period ended March 31, 2023, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of negative $45 million
                                       related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities, as explained above. The first quarter
                                       of 2023 included a charge of $33 million related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests
                                       liabilities which mainly resulted from an increase in fair value of assets held in PSEIP.
                                       For the three-month period ended December 31, 2023, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of negative $48 million
                                       related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities, as explained above. The fourth
                                       quarter of 2023 included a charge of $35 million related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling
                                       interests liabilities which mainly resulted from an increase in fair value of assets held in PSEIP.




                                             A  42                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Other Investments and Standalone Businesses

OVER VIEW




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Other investments and standalone businesses includes the Corporation’s investments held in investment funds as well as the
following equity investments in standalone businesses which are managed to create and realize value over time.

Standalone Businesses
   Peak: Sagard held a 42.6% equity interest and a 50% voting interest in Peak at March 31, 2024 (same as at December 31,
      2023). Peak designs, develops and commercializes sports equipment and apparel for ice hockey and lacrosse under
      iconic brands including Bauer. Peak also holds a minority interest in Rawlings, a leading brand in baseball. The
      Corporation’s investment is accounted for using the equity method.
   LMPG: Power Sustainable, through Power Sustainable Energy, held a controlling interest of 49.6% at March 31, 2024
      (same as at December 31, 2023) in LMPG, an internationally recognized designer, developer, and manufacturer of a wide
      range of high-performance and sustainable specification-grade LED solutions for commercial, institutional, and urban
      environments.
   Lion Electric (NYSE: LEV) (TSX: LEV): Power Sustainable, through Power Sustainable Energy, held a 34.1% equity interest
      at March 31, 2024 (same as at December 31, 2023) in Lion Electric. An innovative manufacturer of zero-emission vehicles,
      Lion Electric creates, designs and manufactures all-electric Class 5 to Class 8 commercial urban trucks and all-electric
      buses. Lion designs, builds and assembles many of its vehicles’ components, including chassis, battery packs, truck cabins
      and bus bodies.
      At March 31, 2024, Power Sustainable also held 9,842,519 warrants. The fair value of the warrants was $4 million at
      March 31, 2024 ($5 million at December 31, 2023).

R ES U LTS
Summary of other investments and standalone businesses:
                                                                                                                                 March 31,    December 31,      March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2024           2023            2023

Other investments
  Investment funds                                                                                                                      7               2               −
          [1]
  Other                                                                                                                                16               7              21
Standalone businesses [2]                                                                                                             (32)             (21)             (5)
Net earnings                                                                                                                            (9)            (12)            16
[1] Includes foreign exchange gains or losses and interest on cash and cash equivalents.
[2] Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) of Lion, LMPG, and Peak.


For the three-month period ended March 31, 2024, the net loss from other investments and standalone businesses was
$9 million, compared with net earnings of $16 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. Standalone businesses had a net
loss of $32 million, compared with a net loss of $5 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The first quarter of 2024
included a non-cash impairment charge of $17 million after tax ($20 million pre-tax) on the Corporation’s investment in Lion,
which reflected a decline in market value at March 31, 2024 (impairment charge of $7 million after tax ($8 million pre-tax) in
the fourth quarter of 2023).

Corporate Operations (of the holding company)
Corporate operations include operating expenses, financing charges, depreciation and income taxes.

OPERATING AND OTHER EX PENS ES
Summary of corporate operating and other expenses of the Corporation and Power Financial shown on a combined basis:
                                                                                                                                 March 31,    December 31,      March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2024           2023            2023

Operating expenses                                                                                                                     41              42              31
Depreciation                                                                                                                            1               1               2
Fair value change of TSARs, net of hedge [1]                                                                                            1               (3)             4
Financing charges [2]                                                                                                                  14              14              14
                                                                                                                                       57              54              51
[1] The Corporation has attached tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs) to certain options, which are classified as cash-settled share-based payments. The Corporation
    has entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of a portion of its cash-settled share-based payments and related liability. The fair
    value change of TSARs represents the change in fair value of the liability, net of the gain on the remeasurement to fair value of the derivative instrument.
[2] Financing charges related to Power Financial were $4 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024 (same as in the corresponding quarter in 2023).




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                A  43
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjustments (excluded from adjusted net earnings)
                                       The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                          March 31,           December 31,    March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                     2024                  2023          2023

                                       Lifeco [1]
                                         Market experience relative to expectations                                                                                               73                 (145)        (114)
                                                                                                     [2]
                                         Assumption changes and management actions                                                                                                 (1)                 56            5
                                         Other non-market related impacts [2]                                                                                                    (59)                 (66)         (35)
                                                                                                                                                                                  13                 (155)        (144)
                                                                     [3][4]
                                         Effect of consolidation                                                                                                                   (5)                (19)         (17)
                                                                                                                                                                                    8                (174)        (161)
                                       IGM [1]
                                         Gain on disposal of IPC                                                                                                                   −                  137            −
                                         Gain on disposal of Lifeco Shares                                                                                                         −                    −          109
                                         Share of Lifeco’s adjustments                                                                                                             (1)                  (4)          −
                                                                                                                                                                                   (1)                133          109
                                         Effect of consolidation [3]                                                                                                                1                (147)        (111)
                                                                                                                                                                                   −                  (14)           (2)
                                       Power Sustainable
                                         Reclassification to earnings of foreign currency gains on Power Sustainable China                                                        54                    −            −
                                         Revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities [4]                                                                                (19)                 (48)         (45)
                                         Restructuring charges                                                                                                                   (12)                   −            −
                                                                                                                                                                                  23                  (48)         (45)
                                       ChinaAMC [5]
                                         Transaction costs on disposal of ChinaAMC                                                                                                 −                    −          (14)
                                         Income taxes on disposal of ChinaAMC                                                                                                      −                    −          (40)
                                                                                                                                                                                   −                    −          (54)
                                                                                                                                                                                  31                 (236)        (262)
                                       [1] As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
                                       [2] Includes business transformation impacts (including restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs) and amortization of acquisition-related
                                           intangible assets.
                                       [3] The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions, including the gain recognized by IGM on the sale of a portion of its interest in Lifeco
                                           to the Corporation and the gain recognized by IGM on the sale of IPC to Lifeco; ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common
                                           control to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM; and iii) IGM’s share of Lifeco’s Adjustments, in accordance with the Corporation’s definition of Adjusted net
                                           earnings from continuing operations.
                                       [4] Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”. The comparative
                                           periods have been restated to reflect this change.
                                       [5] On January 12, 2023, the Corporation and IGM completed a transaction in which the group’s interest in ChinaAMC was combined under IGM. The Corporation sold its
                                           13.9% interest in ChinaAMC to IGM. As the Power group continues to hold a 27.8% interest in ChinaAMC, the Corporation did not record a gain on the disposal of its
                                           interest. As a result of the transaction, the Corporation incurred transaction costs of $14 million and income taxes of $40 million. The Corporation has recorded these
                                           amounts as an Adjustment.


                                       For additional information on each of Lifeco, IGM and Sagard and Power Sustainable, refer to their respective “Adjustments”
                                       sections above. Also refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.




                                             A  44                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL POSITION




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONDENSED)
The condensed balance sheets of Lifeco, IGM, and the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and
Power Financial, as well as the alternative asset investment platforms and other, are presented below. These tables reconcile the
holding company balance sheet with the condensed consolidated balance sheets of the Corporation at March 31, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, which are included in Note 20 of the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                                                                                                                                         March 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                  Alternative Asset                              Power
                                                                                                                                        Investment                         Corporation
                                                                                                                      Holding        Platforms and           Effect of    Consolidated
                                                                                   Lifeco               IGM          company                Other [1]   consolidation     balance sheet
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                         7,708                 500              1,577                 628              (266)          10,147
Investments                                                                    218,729               5,237                 139               1,601               167          225,873
Investments in publicly traded operating
  companies, investment platforms and other:
    Lifeco and IGM                                                                   398                598            19,408                     −          (20,404)                −
    GBL [2]                                                                             −                  −             3,780                    −                 −            3,780
    Other                                                                            466                827              1,977                    −           (3,270)                −
Investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates                                                        372             3,041                    3              1,474              (401)            4,489
Insurance contract assets                                                         1,282                    −                  −                   −                 −            1,282
Reinsurance contract held assets                                                 17,407                    −                  −                   −                 −          17,407
Other assets                                                                     25,230              4,339                 267             12,043               (140)          41,739
Intangible assets [3]                                                             4,493              1,253                    1                832               153             6,732
Goodwill [3]                                                                     11,314              2,637                    −                588               195           14,734
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                                449,323                     −                  −                   −                 −         449,323
Total assets                                                                   736,722              18,432             27,152              17,166            (23,966)         775,506
Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                                 145,018                     −                  −                   −                 −         145,018
Investment contract liabilities                                                  87,599                    −                  −                   −                 −          87,599
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                679                   −                  −                   −                 −              679
Obligations to securitization entities                                                  −            4,647                    −                   −                 −            4,647
Power Corporation’s debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                                −                  −               647                    −                 −              647
Non-recourse debentures and
  other debt instruments [4]                                                      9,059              2,400                 250               3,214                (88)         14,835
Other liabilities                                                                14,805              4,440               1,001             11,387               (499)          31,134
Insurance contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                                  62,468                    −                  −                   −                 −          62,468
Investment contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                                386,855                     −                  −                   −                 −         386,855
Total liabilities                                                              706,483              11,487               1,898             14,601               (587)         733,882
Equity
Limited recourse capital notes                                                    1,500                    −                  −                   −           (1,500)                −
Perpetual preferred shares                                                        2,720                    −             2,830                    −           (5,550)                −
Non-participating shares                                                                −                  −               950                    −                 −              950
Participating shareholders’ equity                                               23,078              6,886             21,474                2,145           (32,109)          21,474
Non-controlling interests [5][6]                                                  2,941                  59                   −                420           15,780            19,200
Total equity                                                                     30,239              6,945             25,254                2,565           (23,379)          41,624
Total liabilities and equity                                                   736,722              18,432             27,152              17,166            (23,966)         775,506
[1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
[2] Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 20 of the
    Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
[3] The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
[4] The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
[5] Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
[6] Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated investments.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            A  45
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                                                                                                                                                                                                December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                                                        Alternative Asset                                   Power
                                                                                                                                                                              Investment                              Corporation
                                                                                                                                                         Holding           Platforms and                Effect of    Consolidated




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                     Lifeco                IGM          company                   Other [1]        consolidation     balance sheet

                                       Assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                     7,742                 545              1,218                    639                   (207)           9,937
                                       Investments                                                                217,868               5,260                 107                  2,017                    110          225,362
                                       Investments in publicly traded operating
                                         companies, investment platforms and other:
                                           Lifeco and IGM                                                              387                 589            19,028                        −               (20,004)                −
                                           GBL [2]                                                                        −                   −             3,717                       −                      −           3,717
                                          Other                                                                        446                 712              2,499                       −                (3,657)                −
                                       Investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates                                                   367              3,070                    3                 1,392                   (397)           4,435
                                       Insurance contract assets                                                     1,193                    −                  −                      −                      −           1,193
                                       Reinsurance contract held assets                                            17,332                     −                  −                      −                      −          17,332
                                       Assets held for sale                                                          4,467                    −                  −                      −                      −           4,467
                                       Other assets                                                                24,739               4,599                 282                  9,439                   (300)          38,759
                                       Intangible assets [3]                                                         4,484              1,251                    2                   801                    152            6,690
                                       Goodwill [3]                                                                11,249               2,637                    −                   549                    195           14,630
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                            422,956                     −                  −                      −                      −         422,956
                                       Total assets                                                               713,230              18,663             26,856                 14,837                 (24,108)         749,478
                                       Liabilities
                                       Insurance contract liabilities                                             144,388                     −                  −                      −                      −         144,388
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                             88,919                     −                  −                      −                      −          88,919
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                           648                    −                  −                      −                      −             648
                                       Liabilities held for sale                                                     2,407                    −                  −                      −                      −           2,407
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                             −             4,688                    −                      −                      −           4,688
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                        other debt instruments                                                            −                   −               647                       −                      −             647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                        other debt instruments [4]                                                   9,046              2,400                 250                  3,017                     (88)         14,625
                                       Other liabilities                                                           15,015               4,855                 986                  8,509                   (430)          28,935
                                       Insurance contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                             60,302                     −                  −                      −                      −          60,302
                                       Investment contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                            362,654                     −                  −                      −                      −         362,654
                                       Total liabilities                                                          683,379              11,943               1,883                11,526                    (518)         708,213
                                       Equity
                                       Limited recourse capital notes                                                1,500                    −                  −                      −                (1,500)                −
                                       Perpetual preferred shares                                                    2,720                    −             2,830                       −                (5,550)                −
                                       Non-participating shares                                                           −                   −               950                       −                      −             950
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                          22,616               6,660             21,193                   2,844                (32,120)          21,193
                                       Non-controlling interests [5][6]                                              3,015                  60                   −                   467                15,580            19,122
                                       Total equity                                                                29,851               6,720             24,973                   3,311                (23,590)          41,265
                                       Total liabilities and equity                                               713,230              18,663             26,856                 14,837                 (24,108)         749,478
                                       [1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
                                       [2] Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 20 of the
                                           Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       [3] The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
                                       [4] The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                       [5] Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
                                       [6] Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated investments.




                                             A  46                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Consolidated assets and liabilities
Total assets of the Corporation increased to $775.5 billion at March 31, 2024, compared with $749.5 billion at December 31,




                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
2023, primarily due to the impact of equity market movement, partially offset by the divestiture of Putnam.
Liabilities increased to $733.9 billion at March 31, 2024, compared with $708.2 billion at December 31, 2023, mainly due to
the following, as disclosed by Lifeco:
   Insurance contract liabilities increased by $0.6 billion, primarily due to market movements, partially offset by normal
      business movements.
   Investment contract liabilities decreased by $1.3 billion, primarily due to normal business movements.
   Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $26.4 billion, primarily
      due to the combined impact of market value gains and investment income of $23.3 billion, and the positive impact of
      currency movement of $3.2 billion, partially offset by net withdrawals (net of policyholder deposits) of $1.3 billion.
Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in-force. Insurance
and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards
established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional information.
Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the consolidated balance sheets of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.

HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEETS
In the holding company balance sheets shown below, Power Corporation and Power Financial are shown on a combined
basis; investments in subsidiaries are presented using the equity method. This presentation assists the reader by identifying
changes in the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and Power Financial, and presents the
investment activities, as well as the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, debentures and non-
participating shares.
                                                                                                                                      March 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                                                          2024                  2023

Holding company assets
Cash and cash equivalents [1]                                                                                                             1,577                   1,218
Investment in:
  Lifeco                                                                                                                                15,624                   15,326
  IGM                                                                                                                                     3,784                   3,702
  GBL [2]                                                                                                                                 3,780                   3,717
                                                   [3]
  Alternative asset investment platforms                                                                                                  1,370                   1,861
  Other investments and standalone businesses                                                                                                749                   748
               [4]
Other assets                                                                                                                                 268                   284
Total holding company assets                                                                                                            27,152                   26,856

Holding company liabilities
Debentures and other debt instruments [5]                                                                                                    897                   897
Other liabilities                                                                                                                         1,001                    986
Total holding company liabilities                                                                                                         1,898                   1,883
Holding company equity
Perpetual preferred shares [6]                                                                                                            2,830                   2,830
Non-participating shares                                                                                                                     950                   950
Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                      21,474                   21,193
Total holding company equity                                                                                                            25,254                   24,973
Total holding company liabilities and equity                                                                                            27,152                   26,856
[1] Cash equivalents include $265 million ($304 million at December 31, 2023) of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months. In accordance with
    IFRS, these are classified as investments in the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
[2] Indirectly held through Parjointco.
[3] Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, presented using the equity method.
[4] Includes $83 million of dividends declared in the first quarter by IGM (same as at December 31, 2023) and received by Power Financial on April 30, 2024.
[5] Includes Power Financial’s debentures of $250 million at March 31, 2024 (same as at December 31, 2023).
[6] Perpetual preferred shares issued by Power Financial.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                 A  47
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Cash and cash equivalents
                                       Cash and cash equivalents held by the Corporation and Power Financial amounted to $1,577 million at March 31, 2024,




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       compared with $1,218 million at the end of December 2023 (see “Holding Company Statements of Cash Flows” below for
                                       details).
                                       The cash and cash equivalents held within the investment activities of Sagard and Power Sustainable amounted to $9 million
                                       at March 31, 2024 ($120 million at December 31, 2023) and are included in the carrying amount of the investment platforms.

                                       Investments

                                       INVES TMENTS IN LIFECO, IG M AND GBL (A T E Q U I T Y )
                                       The table below presents a continuity of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and GBL, which are presented using the equity method
                                       for the purposes of the holding company presentation. The carrying value of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and GBL,
                                       accounted for using the equity method, increased to $23,188 million at March 31, 2024, compared with $22,745 million at
                                       December 31, 2023:
                                                                                                                                               Lifeco                       IGM                       GBL [1]          Total

                                       Carrying value, at the beginning of the year                                                          15,326                      3,702                        3,717          22,745
                                         Contribution from adjusted net earnings                                                                 681                        134                          54             869
                                         Contribution from adjustments                                                                              8                          −                           −              8
                                         Contribution from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                       (48)                        (1)                          −             (49)
                                         Share of other comprehensive income (loss)                                                               30                         32                            1             63
                                         Dividends                                                                                              (353)                       (83)                           −           (436)
                                         Effect of changes in ownership and other                                                                 (20)                         −                           8             (12)
                                       Carrying value, at March 31, 2024                                                                     15,624                      3,784                        3,780          23,188
                                       [1] Indirectly held through Parjointco.


                                       ALTERNATIVE ASS ET INVES TMENT PLATFORMS
                                       The table below presents the components of the alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable. The
                                       asset management companies, and controlled and consolidated investments held through the investment platforms, are
                                       presented using the equity method for the purposes of the holding company presentation.
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms are comprised of the following investments:
                                                                                                                                                                                                  March 31,     December 31,
                                       Carrying value, as at                                                                                                                                          2024            2023

                                       Asset management companies
                                         Sagard                                                                                                                                                        107              108
                                         Power Sustainable                                                                                                                                               9                −
                                       Investing activities
                                         Sagard [1]                                                                                                                                                    732              721
                                         Power Sustainable                                                                                                                                             522            1,032
                                                                                                                                                                                                     1,370            1,861
                                       [1] Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.


                                       OTHER INVES TMENTS AND STANDALONE BUS INESS ES
                                       The table below presents the components of other investments and standalone businesses; certain controlled standalone
                                       businesses are presented using the equity method for the purposes of the holding company presentation.
                                       Other investments and standalone businesses are comprised of the following:
                                                                                                                                                                                                  March 31,     December 31,
                                       Carrying value, as at                                                                                                                                          2024            2023

                                       Other investments [1]                                                                                                                                           136              107
                                       Standalone businesses                                                                                                                                           613              641
                                                                                                                                                                                                       749              748
                                       [1] Includes portfolio investments in private investment funds, classified as FVPL. At March 31, 2024, includes an investment in a private fund in China, which was previously
                                           presented within Power Sustainable China. At March 31, 2024, the Corporation had outstanding commitments to make future capital contributions to these funds for an
                                           aggregate amount of $33 million.




                                             A  48                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Income Taxes
The non-capital losses of the holding company, at March 31, 2024, were $1,346 million ($1,304 million for which the benefits




                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
have not been recognized) and are available to reduce future taxable income (including capital gains). These losses expire
from 2028 to 2044.
The capital losses of the holding company, at March 31, 2024, were $144 million ($50 million for which the benefits have not
been recognized) and can be used indefinitely to offset capital gains.

Equity

NON- PAR TICIPATING S HAR ES
Non-participating (preferred) shares of the Corporation consist of five series of First Preferred Shares with an aggregate share
capital of $950 million at March 31, 2024 (same as at December 31, 2023), all of which are non-cumulative. All series are
perpetual preferred shares and are redeemable in whole or in part solely at the Corporation’s option.
The terms and conditions of the outstanding First Preferred Shares are described in Note 20 of the Corporation’s 2023
Consolidated Financial Statements.

PAR TICIPATING S HAR EHOLDERS ’ EQU ITY
Participating shareholders’ equity was $21,474 million at March 31, 2024, compared with $21,193 million at December 31, 2023:
Three months ended March 31                                                                                                   2024            2023

Participating shareholders’ equity, at the beginning of the year                                                            21,193       20,911
Changes in participating shares
  Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                            (38)            (18)
  Issuance of subordinate voting shares (241,417 shares in 2024 and 113,902 shares in 2023)
    under the Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plans                                                                         8               4
                                                                                                                               (30)            (14)
Changes in retained earnings
 Net earnings before dividends on non-participating shares                                                                    722             326
 Dividends declared                                                                                                           (379)           (363)
 Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                             (59)            (24)
 Realized gains (losses) on FVOCI equity instruments transferred to retained earnings                                          11              (18)
 Effects of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries, and other                                                         −              48
                                                                                                                              295              (31)
Changes in reserves
 Other comprehensive income (loss)
   Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                    (55)            95
   Investment revaluation and cash flow hedges                                                                                  (3)            52
   Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                                          110              (40)
   Share of Parjointco and other jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                (16)           222
 Share-based compensation, including the effect of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries                            (20)             (5)
                                                                                                                               16             324
Participating shareholders’ equity, at March 31                                                                             21,474       21,190


The book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) of the Corporation was $33.04 at March 31,
2024, compared with $32.49 at the end of 2023.




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4             A  49
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OU TS TANDING NU MBER OF PAR TICIPATING S HARES
                                       At the date of this MD&A, there were 54,860,866 participating preferred shares of the Corporation outstanding (same as
                                       at December 31, 2023), and 594,355,790 subordinate voting shares of the Corporation outstanding, compared with




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       597,387,873 at December 31, 2023.
                                       At the date of this MD&A, options were outstanding to purchase up to an aggregate of 23,718,331 subordinate voting shares
                                       of the Corporation, including 9,696,328 subordinate voting shares issuable pursuant to options under the Power Financial
                                       Employee Stock Option Plan, which has been assumed by the Corporation.

                                       NOR MAL COURS E ISSU ER BIDS
                                       The Corporation’s Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) that commenced on March 1, 2023 expired on February 29, 2024. The
                                       Corporation repurchased 2.1 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $82 million pursuant to this bid in the first quarter
                                       of 2024 (1.2 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $42 million in the first quarter of 2023).
                                       On March 1, 2024, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2025 and the
                                       date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to
                                       this bid, the Corporation may purchase up to 25 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing
                                       approximately 4.6% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding at February 16, 2024) at market prices. At
                                       March 31, 2024, the Corporation had repurchased 0.4 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $15 million.
                                       In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
                                       parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
                                       NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
                                       self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
                                       NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion. The ASPP has been effective since March 1, 2024, the commencement
                                       date of the NCIB.

                                       SUBSEQUENT EVENT
                                       Subsequent to quarter-end, the Corporation purchased, as at May 8, 2024, an additional 0.7 million Subordinate Voting
                                       Shares pursuant to its current NCIB for a total of $28 million.


                                       ADJUSTED N ET ASSET VALUE

                                       Adjusted net asset value is presented for Power Corporation and represents management’s estimate of the fair value of the
                                       participating shareholders’ equity of the Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is calculated as the fair value of the assets of
                                       the combined Power Corporation and Power Financial holding company less their net debt and preferred shares. In
                                       determining the fair value of assets, investments in subsidiaries, jointly controlled corporations and associates are adjusted to
                                       fair value as follows:
                                         Investments in publicly traded companies are valued at their market value, measured as the closing share price on the
                                           reporting date;
                                         Investments in private entities are valued at fair value based on management’s estimate using consistently applied
                                           valuation models either based on a valuation multiple or discounted cash flows. Certain valuations are prepared by
                                           external valuators or subject to review by external valuators. Market-comparable transactions are generally used to
                                           corroborate the estimated fair value. The value of investments in private entities is presented net of any management
                                           incentives; and
                                         Investments in investment funds are valued at the fair value reported by the fund which is net of carried interest or other
                                           incentives.
                                       The presentation of the participating shareholders’ equity at fair value is not in accordance with IFRS; adjusted net asset value
                                       is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description and a reconciliation of
                                       IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.




                                           A  50                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


The Corporation’s adjusted net asset value is presented on a look-through basis. The combined holding company balance
sheets of Power Corporation and Power Financial include the investments held in public entities through Power Financial
(Lifeco, IGM and GBL), and the net debt and preferred shares of Power Financial. The adjusted net asset value per share, a non-




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
IFRS ratio, was $53.10 at March 31, 2024, compared with $53.53 at December 31, 2023, representing a decrease of 0.8%. The
Corporation’s book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was $33.04 at March 31, 2024,
compared with $32.49 at December 31, 2023, representing an increase of 1.7%.
                                                                                                               March 31, 2024                                 December 31, 2023
                                                                            Holding                                                        Holding
                                                                           company              Fair value         Adjusted net           company      Fair value   Adjusted net
                                                                       balance sheet           adjustment           asset value       balance sheet   adjustment     asset value
Holding company assets
Investments
  Power Financial
    Lifeco                                                                    15,624               11,904                27,528            15,326        12,545          27,871
    IGM                                                                        3,784                 1,383                5,167             3,702         1,477           5,179
    GBL [1]                                                                    3,780                (1,520)               2,260             3,717         (1,422)         2,295
  Alternative asset investment platforms
    Asset management companies [2]
      Sagard                                                                      107                  174                   281              108           157              265
      Power Sustainable                                                              9                    −                       9              −             −               −
    Investing activities
      Sagard [3][4]                                                               732                  414                1,146               721           341           1,062
      Power Sustainable [5]                                                       522                  502                1,024             1,032           467           1,499
  Other investments and standalone businesses
    Other investments [5]                                                         136                     −                  136              107              −             107
    Standalone businesses [6]                                                     613                  182                   795              641           159              800
Cash and cash equivalents [5]                                                  1,577                      −               1,577             1,218              −          1,218
Other assets                                                                      268                     −                  268              284              −             284
Total holding company assets                                                  27,152               13,039                40,191            26,856        13,724          40,580
Holding company liabilities and
 non-participating shares
Debentures and other debt instruments                                             897                     −                  897              897              −             897
Other liabilities [7]                                                          1,001                      −               1,001               986              −             986
Non-participating shares and
 perpetual preferred shares                                                    3,780                      −               3,780             3,780              −          3,780
Total holding company liabilities and
 non-participating shares                                                      5,678                      −               5,678             5,663              −          5,663
Net value
Participating shareholders’ equity (IFRS) /
 Adjusted net asset value (non-IFRS)                                          21,474               13,039                34,513            21,193        13,724          34,917
Per share                                                                      33.04                                      53.10             32.49                         53.53
[1] The Corporation’s share of GBL’s reported net asset value was $3.9 billion (€2.6 billion) at March 31, 2024 ($3.8 billion (€2.6 billion) at December 31, 2023).
[2] The management company of Sagard is presented at its fair value. The management company of Power Sustainable is presented at its carrying value.
[3] Includes the Corporation’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, held by Power Financial.
[4] Includes $7 million of cash held within the Sagard investing activities at March 31, 2024 (cash and other assets of $21 million at December 31, 2023).
[5] At March 31, 2024, the Corporation’s investments held within Power Sustainable China have been included, according to their nature, within cash and cash equivalents
    or other investments as a result of the wind-down of the strategy.
[6] An additional deferred tax liability of $4 million has been included in the adjusted net asset value at March 31, 2024 (same as at December 31, 2023) with respect to the
    investments in standalone businesses at fair value, without taking into account possible tax planning strategies. The Corporation has tax attributes (not otherwise
    recognized on the balance sheet) that could be available to minimize the tax if the Corporation were to dispose of its interests held in the standalone businesses.
[7] In accordance with IAS 12, Income Taxes, no deferred tax liability is recognized with respect to temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and
    jointly controlled corporations as the Corporation is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences
    will not reverse in the foreseeable future. If the Corporation were to dispose of an investment in a subsidiary or a jointly controlled corporation, income taxes payable on
    such disposition would be minimized through careful and prudent tax planning and structuring, as well as with the use of available tax attributes not otherwise recognized
    on the balance sheet, including tax losses, tax basis, safe income and foreign tax surplus associated with the subsidiary or jointly controlled corporation.


Investments measured at market value and cash represent 91.7% of the total assets at fair value at March 31, 2024
(92.2% at December 31, 2023). A 10% change in the market value of publicly traded investments would result in a change in
the Corporation’s adjusted net asset value of $3,518 million or $5.41 per share.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                      A  51
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CASH FLOWS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONDENSED)
                                       The condensed cash flows of Lifeco, IGM and the holding company cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial on
                                       a combined basis, as well as the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, are presented below. These tables
                                       reconcile the holding company statement of cash flows to the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows of the
                                       Corporation for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, which are included in Note 20 of the Interim
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements. This presentation assists the reader in assessing the cash flows of the holding company.
                                       Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                                                           2024
                                                                                                                                                                          Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                                                                                Investment                                  Power
                                                                                                                                                            Holding          Platforms and                Effect of    Corporation
                                                                                                                  Lifeco                   IGM             company                  Other [1]        consolidation    Consolidated

                                       Cash flows from:
                                         Operating activities                                                       253                    132                   416                    (68)                 (368)            365
                                         Financing activities                                                      (536)                  (191)                 (480)                   (91)                  687            (611)
                                         Investing activities                                                      (214)                    14                   423                   142                   (378)            (13)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates
                                         on cash and cash equivalents                                                 88                      −                     −                      6                     −             94
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and
                                         cash equivalents                                                          (409)                   (45)                  359                   (11)                    (59)          (165)
                                       Cash and cash equivalents,
                                         beginning of the year                                                    8,117                    545                 1,218                   639                   (207)        10,312
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at March 31                                     7,708                    500                 1,577                   628                   (266)        10,147
                                       [1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.


                                       Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                                                           2023
                                                                                                                                                                          Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                                                                                Investment                                  Power
                                                                                                                                                            Holding          Platforms and                Effect of    Corporation
                                                                                                                  Lifeco                   IGM             company                  Other [1]        consolidation    Consolidated

                                       Cash flows from:
                                         Operating activities [2]                                                   179                   112                    289                    (20)                 (339)            221
                                         Financing activities                                                      (752)                  (146)                 (416)                  540                    277            (497)
                                         Investing activities [2]                                                   (77)                  (492)                  513                   (507)                 (108)           (671)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates
                                         on cash and cash equivalents                                                 26                      −                     −                     −                      1             27
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and
                                         cash equivalents                                                          (624)                  (526)                  386                     13                  (169)           (920)
                                       Cash and cash equivalents,
                                         beginning of the year                                                    7,290                 1,073                  1,277                   493                   (285)          9,848
                                       Cash and cash equivalents from continuing
                                         and discontinued operations, at March 31                                 6,666                   547                  1,663                   506                   (454)          8,928
                                       Less: cash and cash equivalents from
                                         discontinued operations, at March 31 [3]                                  (204)                      −                     −                     −                      −           (204)
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at March 31                                     6,462                   547                  1,663                   506                   (454)          8,724
                                       [1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
                                       [2] The cash flows related to Lifeco’s sales, maturities, repayments and purchases of portfolio investments have been reclassified to Operating activities to align with its practice
                                           of managing the matching of general fund assets with insurance and investment contract liabilities. This activity had previously been presented in Investing activities.
                                       [3] On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam to Franklin Templeton. The cash flows related to the discontinued operations have been presented separately.




                                             A  52                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Consolidated cash and cash equivalents decreased by $165 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024,
compared with a decrease of $920 million in the corresponding period in 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Operating activities produced a net inflow of $365 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024, compared with
a net inflow of $221 million in the corresponding period in 2023.
Cash flows from financing activities, which include the issuance and repayment of capital instruments, the issuance and
repurchase of participating and preferred shares, the issuance and redemption of common shares, limited-life fund and
redeemable units by subsidiaries, dividends paid on the participating and non-participating shares of the Corporation, and
dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests and increases and repayments of obligations to securitization
entities by IGM, represented a net outflow of $611 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024, compared with
a net outflow of $497 million in the corresponding period in 2023.
Cash flows from investing activities resulted in a net outflow of $13 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024,
compared with a net outflow of $671 million in the corresponding period in 2023.
Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the cash flows of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.

HOLDING COMPANY STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
As Power Corporation is a holding company, corporate cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income
from investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income
taxes, and non-participating and participating share dividends.
The following combined statements of cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial present the cash flows of the
holding company. This presentation has been prepared to assist the reader as it isolates the cash flows of the activities of the
holding company.
Three months ended March 31                                                                                                           2024             2023

Operating activities of the holding company
Dividends
 Lifeco                                                                                                                               353               330
 IGM                                                                                                                                    83                  83
Corporate operations, net of non-cash items [1]                                                                                        (20)            (124)
                                                                                                                                      416               289
Financing activities of the holding company
Dividends paid on:
 Non-participating shares                                                                                                              (13)             (13)
 Participating shares                                                                                                                 (343)            (330)
 Perpetual preferred shares                                                                                                            (35)             (34)
Issuance of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                    8                  3
Repurchase of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                (97)             (42)
                                                                                                                                      (480)            (416)
Investing activities of the holding company
Distributions and proceeds from disposal of investments [2]                                                                           493             1,205
Purchase of additional interest in Lifeco                                                                                                −             (553)
Purchase of investments                                                                                                                (69)            (139)
Other                                                                                                                                   (1)                 −
                                                                                                                                      423               513
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                      359               386
Cash and cash equivalents, at the beginning of the year                                                                              1,218            1,277
Cash and cash equivalents, at March 31                                                                                               1,577            1,663
[1] Includes changes in short-term receivables from, and payables to, investment platforms.
[2] Includes proceeds from disposal of the Corporation’s investments within Power Sustainable China in 2024 and its interest in ChinaAMC in 2023.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                       A  53
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Cash and cash equivalents of the Corporation and Power Financial increased by $359 million in the three-month period ended
                                       March 31, 2024, compared with an increase of $386 million in the corresponding period in 2023.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Operating activities resulted in a net inflow of $416 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024, compared with
                                       a net inflow of $289 million in the corresponding period in 2023. Dividends received from the publicly traded operating
                                       companies include:
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                 March 31, 2024                               March 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                       Dividend            Total dividend                  Dividend     Total dividend
                                       (in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)                                             per share                 received                  per share          received

                                         Lifeco                                                                                          0.5550                       353                   0.5200               330
                                         IGM                                                                                             0.5625                         83                  0.5625                 83


                                       The Corporation’s financing activities during the three-month period ended March 31, 2024 resulted in a net outflow of
                                       $480 million, compared with a net outflow of $416 million in the corresponding period in 2023, and included:
                                          Dividends paid on non-participating and participating shares by the Corporation of $356 million, compared with
                                             $343 million in the corresponding period in 2023. In the three-month period ended March 31, 2024, dividends paid on
                                             the Corporation’s participating shares were $0.5250 per share, compared with $0.4950 in the corresponding period in 2023.
                                          Dividends paid on preferred shares by Power Financial of $35 million, compared with $34 million in the corresponding
                                             period in 2023.
                                          Issuance of subordinate voting shares of the Corporation for $8 million pursuant to the Corporation’s Executive Stock
                                             Option Plan and the Power Financial Employee Stock Option Plan, compared with issuance for an amount of $3 million
                                             in the corresponding period in 2023.
                                          Repurchase of subordinate voting shares of $97 million, as part of the NCIB, in the three-month period ended March 31,
                                             2024, compared with repurchase for an amount of $42 million in the corresponding period in 2023.
                                       The Corporation’s investing activities during the three-month period ended March 31, 2024 resulted in a net inflow of
                                       $423 million, compared with a net inflow of $513 million in the corresponding period in 2023.
                                       Proceeds from disposal of investments and purchase of investments are comprised of investment activities of the Corporation
                                       and in its investment platforms.
                                       The Corporation decreased its level of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months, resulting in a net
                                       inflow of $39 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024, compared with a net outflow of $149 million in the
                                       corresponding period in 2023.




                                             A  54                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CAPITAL MANAGEMENT




                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:
   provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
   provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
      and other investments as opportunities arise;
   maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent
      capital;
   maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
   maintain available cash and cash equivalents at a minimum of two times fixed charges.
The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
to shareholders or issue capital.
The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
management.
With the exception of debentures and other debt instruments, the Corporation’s capital is permanent, matching the long-
term nature of its investments. The capital structure of the Corporation consists of: debentures, non-participating shares,
participating shareholders’ equity, and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-
effective source of permanent capital.
The Corporation’s consolidated capitalization includes the debentures, preferred shares and other equity instruments, and
other debt instruments issued by its consolidated subsidiaries. Debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power
Financial, Lifeco, IGM and controlled investments are non-recourse to the Corporation. The Corporation does not guarantee
debt issued by its subsidiaries. Non-participating shares and total equity accounted for 73% of consolidated capitalization at
March 31, 2024.
                                                                                                                                           March 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                                                               2024                2023

Debentures and other debt instruments
Power Corporation                                                                                                                               647                   647
Power Financial                                                                                                                                 250                   250
Lifeco                                                                                                                                        9,059                 9,046
IGM                                                                                                                                           2,400                 2,400
Other [1]                                                                                                                                     3,214                 3,017
Effect of consolidation                                                                                                                          (88)                  (88)
                                                                                                                                            14,835                 14,625
                                                                                                                                            15,482                 15,272
Non-participating shares and other equity instruments
Power Corporation                                                                                                                               950                   950
Power Financial                                                                                                                               2,830                 2,830
Lifeco                                                                                                                                        4,220                 4,220
                                                                                                                                              7,050                 7,050
                                                                                                                                              8,000                 8,000
Equity
Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                          21,474                 21,193
Non-controlling interests [2]                                                                                                               12,150                 12,072
                                                                                                                                            33,624                 33,265
                                                                                                                                            57,106                 56,537
[1] Includes other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments and standalone businesses; consists of $451 million ($299 million in 2023) of debt including
    revolving credit facilities held by the investment funds, $2,527 million ($2,490 million in 2023) of project-related debt held within the Power Sustainable Energy
    Infrastructure platform, and $236 million ($228 million in 2023) of other debt held by standalone businesses. The other debt instruments are secured by the assets of the
    controlled investments which are non-recourse to the Corporation. See Note 9 B) to the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
[2] Represents the non-controlling equity interests of the Corporation’s subsidiaries excluding Power Financial and Lifeco’s preferred shares and limited recourse capital
    notes, which are shown in this table as non-participating shares.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                 A  55
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Power Corporation
                                         The Corporation filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated November 16, 2022, pursuant to which, for a period of




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                           25 months thereafter, the Corporation may issue First Preferred Shares, subordinate voting shares, subscription receipts
                                           and unsecured debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to
                                           access debt and equity markets on a timely basis.
                                         The Corporation commenced a NCIB on March 1, 2024 which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2025 and the
                                           date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of subordinate voting shares. Refer to the
                                           section “Participating Shareholders’ Equity” for more information.

                                       Power Financial
                                         Power Financial filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated December 5, 2022, pursuant to which, for a period of
                                           25 months thereafter, Power Financial may issue up to an aggregate of $3 billion of First Preferred Shares and unsecured
                                           debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to access debt and
                                           equity markets on a timely basis through Power Financial.

                                       The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements; however, Lifeco and certain of its
                                       main subsidiaries, IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital
                                       requirements. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe the capital management activities of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.
                                       See Note 23 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

                                       RATINGS
                                       The current rating by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) of the Corporation’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. Dominion Bond
                                       Rating Service’s (DBRS) current rating on the Corporation’s debentures is “A” with a stable rating trend.
                                       Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of the securities of a
                                       corporation and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in
                                       accordance with the terms of each obligation. Descriptions of the rating categories for each of the agencies set forth below
                                       have been obtained from the respective rating agencies’ websites. These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or
                                       hold the securities of a corporation and do not address market price or other factors that might determine suitability of a
                                       specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of
                                       securities and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.
                                       The “A+” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by S&P is the fifth highest of the 22 ratings used for long-term debt.
                                       A long-term debenture rated “A+” is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and
                                       economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories; however, the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial
                                       commitment on the obligation is still strong.
                                       The “A” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by DBRS is the sixth highest of the 26 ratings used for long-term
                                       debt. A long-term debenture rated “A” implies that the capacity for repayment is substantial, but of lesser credit quality than
                                       AA, and may be vulnerable to future events, although qualifying negative factors are considered manageable.
                                       The current rating by S&P of Power Financial’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. DBRS’ current rating on Power
                                       Financial’s debentures is “A (High)” with a stable trend.
                                       Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the ratings of the debentures of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                                           A  56                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RISK MANAGEMENT




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,
Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses
including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. The Corporation, through Power Financial, holds a controlling
interest in Lifeco and IGM and also holds a joint controlling interest in Parjointco, which itself holds a controlling interest in
GBL. As a result, the Corporation bears the risks associated with being a significant shareholder of these operating companies.
A complete description of these risks is presented in their public disclosures. The respective boards of directors of Lifeco,
IGM and GBL are responsible for the risk oversight function at their respective companies. The risk committees of the boards
of directors of Lifeco and IGM are responsible for their risk oversight. Certain officers of the Corporation are members of these
boards and committees of these boards, including the risk committees, and, consequently, in their role as directors, they
participate in the risk oversight function at the operating companies. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe risks related
to Lifeco and IGM, respectively.

RISK OVERSIGHT
The Corporation believes that a prudent approach to risk is achieved through a governance model that focuses on the active
oversight of its investments. The Board of Directors and executive officers of the Corporation have overall oversight and
responsibility for risk management associated with the investment activities and operations of the holding company and
maintain a comprehensive and appropriate set of policies and controls.
The Board of Directors provides oversight and carries out its risk management mandate and addresses operational risks
primarily through the following committees:
  The Audit Committee addresses risks related to financial reporting and cybersecurity.
  The Human Resources Committee considers risks associated with the Corporation’s compensation policies and practices.
  The Governance and Sustainability Committee oversees the Corporation’s approach to appropriately address potential
    risks related to governance and sustainability matters.
  The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee reviews and considers for approval transactions with related parties
    of the Corporation.
There are certain risks inherent in an investment in the securities of the Corporation and in the activities of the Corporation,
which investors should carefully consider before investing in securities of the Corporation. The 2023 Annual MD&A reviews
certain risks that could impact the financial condition and financial performance, and the value of the equity of the
Corporation. This description of risks does not include all possible risks, and there may be other risks of which the Corporation
is not currently aware.
During the three-month period ended March 31, 2024, there were no significant changes to the Corporation’s risk oversight
approach, and the identification and management of the specific risks.

Tax risk
In December 2021, the OECD published the Pillar Two model rules outlining a structure for a new 15% global minimum tax
regime. A number of countries in which the Corporation and its subsidiaries operate, including Ireland, Germany, the United
Kingdom and Barbados, currently have enacted or substantively enacted Pillar Two legislation, effective January 1, 2024.
Pillar Two draft legislation in Canada has not been substantively enacted and therefore not reflected in the results for the
three months ended March 31, 2024. It is expected that if Canada substantively enacts its legislation, it will apply retroactively
to January 1, 2024.
The global minimum tax is expected to apply to income in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man, jurisdictions where the statutory
tax rate is below 15%. For the three months ended March 31, 2024, a current tax expense of $4 million has been recognized
by Lifeco, primarily related to its operations in Ireland, the Corporation’s share of which is $3 million. Although Barbados has
substantively enacted legislation imposing a domestic minimum top-up tax, the imposition of this tax, for 2024 only, is
contingent upon Canada enacting Pillar Two legislation; consequently, no Barbadian top-up tax was recorded for the three
months ended March 31, 2024. If Canada had substantively enacted legislation, the additional top-up tax recognized for the
three months ended March 31, 2024 would have been approximately $35 million at Lifeco, the Corporation’s share of which
would have been $24 million.
When legislation is enacted in all jurisdictions, the Corporation expects a decrease in the range of 2-4% of Lifeco’s contribution
to the Corporation’s adjusted net earnings.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  57
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       FINANCIAL INSTRU MENTS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
                                       At March 31, 2024, there have been changes to the carrying amounts and fair value of the Corporation and its subsidiaries’
                                       assets and liabilities recorded at fair value since December 31, 2023. These changes did not have a material impact on the
                                       financial condition of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. See Note 19 to the Corporation’s Interim Consolidated Financial
                                       Statements for additional disclosure of the Corporation’s fair value measurement.

                                       DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                       In the course of their activities, the Corporation and its subsidiaries use derivative financial instruments. When using such
                                       derivatives, they only act as limited end-users and not as market makers in such derivatives.
                                       The use of derivatives is monitored and reviewed on a regular basis by senior management of the Corporation and by senior
                                       management of its subsidiaries. The Corporation and its subsidiaries have each established operating policies, guidelines
                                       and procedures relating to the use of derivative financial instruments, which in particular focus on:
                                         prohibiting the use of derivative instruments for speculative purposes;
                                         documenting transactions and ensuring their consistency with risk management policies;
                                         demonstrating the effectiveness of the hedging relationships; and
                                         monitoring the hedging relationships.
                                       There were no major changes to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ policies and procedures with respect to the use of
                                       derivative instruments in the three-month period ended March 31, 2024. The following table provides a summary of the
                                       Corporation and its subsidiaries’ derivatives portfolio:
                                                                                                                                 March 31, 2024                                             December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                  Maximum                     Total                                Maximum                Total
                                                                                               Notional           credit risk            fair value               Notional         credit risk       fair value

                                       Power Corporation                                            367                     9                    6                     367                20               20
                                       Power Financial                                               67                   11                    11                      67                10               10
                                       Lifeco                                                   54,478                1,869                   310                  51,909             2,219               931
                                       IGM                                                       2,267                    39                   (11)                 1,903                 43                (7)
                                       Other subsidiaries                                        1,380                    77                    73                  1,270                 57               44
                                                                                                58,192                1,996                   383                  55,149             2,329               978
                                                                                                58,559                2,005                   389                  55,516             2,349               998


                                       During the three-month period ended March 31, 2024, there was an increase of $3.0 billion in the notional amount of
                                       derivatives outstanding, primarily due to increases in volume of regular hedging activities by Lifeco. The Corporation and its
                                       subsidiaries’ exposure to derivative counterparty risk (which represents the current fair value of instruments in a gain position)
                                       decreased to $2,005 million at March 31, 2024 from $2,349 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven
                                       by the impact of the U.S. dollar strengthening against the Canadian dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay U.S. dollars and
                                       receive Canadian dollars.
                                       Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the types of derivative financial instruments used by Lifeco and IGM,
                                       respectively.
                                       See Note 29 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                                             A  58                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS




                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
GUARANTEES
In the normal course of their operations, the Corporation and its subsidiaries may enter into certain agreements, the nature
of which precludes the possibility of making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount the Corporation or
subsidiary could be required to pay third parties, as some of these agreements do not specify a maximum amount and the
amounts are dependent on the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be
determined. See also Note 35 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.

LETTERS OF CREDIT
In the normal course of its reinsurance business, Lifeco provides letters of credit to other parties or beneficiaries. A beneficiary
will typically hold a letter of credit as collateral to secure statutory credit for insurance and investment contract liabilities ceded
to or amounts due from Lifeco. Lifeco may be required to seek collateral alternatives if it is unable to renew existing letters of
credit on maturity. See also Part B of this MD&A and Note 35 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Corporation and its subsidiaries are from time to time subject to legal actions, including arbitrations and class actions,
arising in the normal course of business. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of any of these proceedings with
certainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial
position of the Corporation. However, based on information presently known, it is not expected that any of the existing legal
actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the
Corporation. See also Parts B and C of this MD&A and Note 34 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.


COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

At March 31, 2024, there have been no material changes in the contractual obligations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries
from those reported in the 2023 Annual MD&A.


SUMMARY OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AN D JU DGMENTS

In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries are
required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. The results of the Corporation reflect the judgments of the
managements of the Corporation and its subsidiaries regarding the impact of prevailing market conditions related to global
credit, equities, investment properties and foreign exchange, as well as, with respect to Lifeco, prevailing health and mortality
experience. Key sources of estimation uncertainty and areas where significant judgments are made by the management of
the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries include: the entities to be consolidated or accounted for using the
equity method, fair value measurements, expected credit losses, valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, valuation of
insurance, reinsurance held and investment contract liabilities, income taxes, and pension plans and other post-employment
benefits. These are described in the Corporation’s 2023 Annual MD&A and the notes to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated
Financial Statements.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4     A  59
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       There were no changes to the Corporation’s accounting policies from those reported at December 31, 2023, except for:
                                       The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows, IFRS 7, Financial Instruments:
                                       Disclosures, and IFRS 16, Leases effective January 1, 2024. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact
                                       on the Corporation’s financial statements.


                                       FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES

                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the International Accounting
                                       Standards Board (IASB) and analyze the effect that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial
                                       statements when they become effective. The following sets out standards released and updates to the Corporation’s 2023
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       Standard                      Summary of future changes

                                       IFRS 18 –                     In April 2024, the IASB published IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (IFRS 18). The
                                       Presentation and Disclosure   standard aims to improve how companies communicate information in their financial statements, with a
                                       in Financial Statements       focus on information about financial performance in the statement of earnings.
                                                                     IFRS 18 will require corporations to:
                                                                         Provide defined subtotals in the statement of earnings;
                                                                         Disclose information for any management-defined performance measures related to the statement of
                                                                            earnings; and
                                                                         Implement principles for the grouping of information in the financial statements, and whether to
                                                                            provide it in the primary financial statements or notes.
                                                                     The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with earlier
                                                                     application permitted. The Corporation is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard.




                                       TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES

                                       Power Corporation has a Related Party and Conduct Review Committee composed entirely of Directors who are independent
                                       of management and independent of the Corporation’s controlling shareholder. The mandate of this Committee is to review
                                       proposed transactions with related parties of the Corporation, including its controlling shareholder, and to approve only those
                                       transactions that it deems appropriate and that are done at market terms and conditions.
                                       In the normal course of business, Power Corporation and its subsidiaries enter into various transactions which include capital
                                       commitments to investment funds, including commitments from management, performance and base management fees paid
                                       to subsidiaries of the group, employee ownership participations and loans to employees. Such transactions are at market
                                       terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
                                       In the normal course of business, Canada Life and other Lifeco subsidiaries enter into various transactions with related
                                       companies which include providing group insurance benefits and sub-advisory services to other companies within the Power
                                       Corporation group of companies. Such transactions are at market terms and conditions. These transactions are reviewed by
                                       the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
                                       Lifeco provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating to
                                       pension and other post-employment benefits for employees of Power Corporation, Power Financial, and Lifeco and its
                                       subsidiaries. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related party and
                                       conduct review committee.
                                       IGM enters into transactions with subsidiaries of Lifeco. These transactions are in the normal course of operations and include
                                       i) providing certain administrative and technology services; ii) distributing insurance products; and iii) the sale of residential
                                       mortgages to Canada Life. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related
                                       party and conduct review committee.
                                       On May 6, 2024, subsequent to quarter-end, Lifeco and Power Sustainable announced that they have entered into a long-
                                       term strategic partnership and Lifeco acquired a minority interest in Power Sustainable Manager, a subsidiary of Power
                                       Sustainable. This transaction was at market terms and conditions and was reviewed by the relevant related party and conduct
                                       review committee. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.
                                       See Note 33 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                                            A  60                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and that the preparation of financial statements for external purposes is in accordance with
IFRS. The Corporation’s management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, is
responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All internal control systems
have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even those systems
determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation.
As a management and holding company, the Corporation’s business activities are carried out through its investments in
businesses, each of which has its own management team. Accordingly, the Corporation’s management relies on the
certifications filed by management of Lifeco and IGM pursuant to National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure in
Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings, as well as a sub-certification process by management at its other significant subsidiaries
and investees in order to make determinations regarding the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting.
There have been no changes in the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting during the three-month period
ended March 31, 2024 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s internal
control over financial reporting.


POWER FINANCIAL CORPORATION

Power Financial relies on certain of the continuous disclosure documents filed by Power Corporation of Canada pursuant to
an exemption from the requirements of National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations (NI 51-102) and as
provided in the decision of the Autorité des marchés financiers and the Ontario Securities Commission, dated January 19,
2021, regarding Power Financial and Power Corporation. The following disclosure is provided further to the requirements of
such decision:
                                                                                                           Corporate                  Effect of             Total               Total
At March 31, 2024                                                           Lifeco              IGM       and other [1]          consolidation    Power Financial   Power Corporation

Total assets                                                            736,722             18,432            34,358                  (21,847)          767,665             775,506
Total liabilities                                                       706,483             11,487            10,221                     (333)          727,858             733,882
[1] Includes Power Financial’s investment activities including its investment in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.



For the three months ending March 31, 2024                                                                                                        Power Financial   Power Corporation

Cash flows from operations                                                                                                                                  447                   365




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            A  61
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       DEFINITIONS
                                       This MD&A presents and discusses financial measures which are not in accordance with IFRS. Management uses these
                                       financial measures in its presentation and analysis of the financial performance of Power Corporation, and believes that they
                                       provide additional meaningful information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. See also “Statement
                                       Regarding Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Measures”. The non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios used in
                                       this MD&A are defined as follows:
                                       Non-IFRS financial measure         Definition                                                                    Purpose
                                                                                                                                 [1]
                                       Adjusted net earnings              Net earnings from continuing operations                      excluding        Assists in the comparison of the current period’s
                                       from continuing                    Adjustments.                                                                  underlying operating performance to that of
                                       operations [1]                                                                                                   previous periods as it reflects management’s view
                                                                                                                                                        of the operating performance of the Corporation
                                                                                                                                                        and its subsidiaries, excluding items that are not
                                                                                                                                                        considered to be part of the underlying business
                                                                                                                                                        results.
                                                                                                                                                        As a holding company, management reviews and
                                                                                                                                                        assesses the performance of each operating
                                                                                                                                                        company’s contribution to net earnings and
                                                                                                                                                        adjusted net earnings.


                                         Adjustments                       After-tax impact of any item that in management’s                            Identifies items that are not considered part of
                                                                           judgment, including those identified by management                           operating performance by management,
                                                                           of its publicly traded operating companies, would                            including items identified by management of its
                                                                           make the period-over-period comparison of results                            publicly traded operating companies.
                                                                           from operations less meaningful.
                                                                           Includes the Corporation’s share of Lifeco’s impact of
                                                                           market-related impacts, where actual market returns
                                                                           in the current period are different than longer-term
                                                                           expected returns, assumption changes and
                                                                           management actions that impact the measurement of
                                                                           assets and liabilities, realized gains (losses) on the
                                                                           sale of assets measured at FVOCI, direct equity and
                                                                           interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus
                                                                           assets and liabilities, and amortization of acquisition-
                                                                           related finite life intangible assets, as well as items
                                                                           that management believes are not indicative of the
                                                                           underlying business results which include those
                                                                           identified by a subsidiary or a jointly controlled
                                                                           corporation. Items that management and
                                                                           management of its subsidiaries believe are not
                                                                           indicative of the underlying business results include
                                                                           business transformation impacts (including
                                                                           restructuring or reorganization and integration costs,
                                                                           acquisition and divestiture costs), material legal
                                                                           settlements, material impairment charges, impacts of
                                                                           income tax rate changes on the remeasurement of
                                                                           deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax
                                                                           impairments, certain non-recurring material items, net
                                                                           gains, losses or costs related to the disposition or
                                                                           acquisition of a business, and other items that, when
                                                                           removed, assist in explaining underlying operating
                                                                           performance.
                                                                           Effective the first quarter of 2024, the definition of
                                                                           Adjustments was modified to include the impact of
                                                                           the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities
                                                                           related to PSEIP which result from changes in fair
                                                                           value of assets held within the fund, and the share of
                                                                           earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of
                                                                           PSEIP attributable to third-party investors. The
                                                                           comparative periods have been restated to reflect
                                                                           this change.

                                       [1] Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.




                                             A  62                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Non-IFRS financial measure    Definition                                                                         Purpose

Adjusted net asset value      Adjusted net asset value represents the fair value of                              Presents the fair value of the participating




                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                              the participating shareholders’ equity of Power                                    shareholders’ equity of the holding company and
                              Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is calculated as                             is used to assist in assessing value.
                              the fair value of the assets of the combined Power                                 This measure may be used by investors and
                              Corporation and Power Financial holding company                                    analysts in determining or comparing the fair
                              less their net debt and preferred shares.                                          value of investments held by the holding company
                              The investments held in publicly traded entities                                   or its overall fair value.
                              (including Lifeco, IGM and GBL) are measured at their
                              market value and investments in private entities and
                              investment funds are measured at management’s
                              estimate of fair value.

Consolidated assets and       Consolidated assets and assets under management                                    Consolidated assets and assets under
assets under                  includes total assets per the financial statements as                              management and Consolidated assets and assets
management, and               well as assets managed on behalf of clients which are                              under administration provide an indicator of the
Consolidated assets and       beneficially owned by clients and are not recognized                               size and volume of the Corporation’s consolidated
assets under                  in the consolidated financial statements including:                                businesses, including the publicly traded
administration                                                                                                   operating companies and alternative asset
                                 Internally and externally managed funds,
                                     including proprietary mutual funds, exchange-                               investment platforms.
                                     traded funds and institutional assets, where the                            Consolidated assets and assets under
                                     Corporation’s publicly traded operating                                     administration includes assets in which the
                                     companies and alternative asset investment                                  Corporation’s consolidated publicly traded
                                     platforms have oversight of the investment                                  operating companies and investment
                                     policies; and                                                               management services businesses only provide
                                 The fair value of assets managed on behalf of the                              administration services, which are an important
                                     clients by asset managers controlled within the                             aspect of the overall business and should be
                                                                                                                 considered when comparing volumes, size and
                                     investment platforms, including assets managed
                                                                                                                 trends.
                                     through a separately managed account.
                              Services provided in respect of assets under
                              management include the selection of investments, the
                              provision of investment advice and discretionary
                              portfolio management on behalf of clients.
                              Consolidated assets and assets under administration
                              includes consolidated assets under management and
                              other assets under administration. Other assets under
                              administration includes assets where the Corporation’s
                              consolidated publicly traded operating companies
                              and investment management services businesses only
                              provide administration services for which they earn
                              fees and other income. These assets are beneficially
                              owned by the clients and the Corporation’s operating
                              subsidiaries do not direct the investing activities.
                              Services provided relating to assets under
                              administration include record keeping, safekeeping,
                              collecting investment income, settling of transactions
                              or other administrative services.

Fee-related earnings          Fee-related earnings is presented for Sagard and                                   This measure is presented for the alternative asset
(of alternative asset         Power Sustainable and includes revenues from                                       investment platforms, Sagard and Power
investment platforms)         management fees earned across all asset classes, less                              Sustainable, and is used to assess the profitability
                              investment platform expenses which include i) fee-                                 from their asset management activities. This
                              related compensation including salary, bonus, and                                  financial measure provides insight as to whether
                              benefits, and ii) operating expenses. Fee-related                                  recurring revenues from management fees, which
                              earnings is presented on a gross pre-tax basis,                                    are not based on future realization events, are
                              including non-controlling interests.                                               sufficient to cover associated operating expenses.
                              Fee-related earnings excludes i) share-based
                              compensation expenses, ii) amortization of
                              acquisition-related finite life intangible assets,
                              iii) foreign exchange-related gains and losses,
                              iv) net interest, and v) other items that in
                              management’s judgment are not indicative of
                              underlying operating performance of the alternative
                              asset investment platforms, which include
                              restructuring costs, transaction and integration costs
                              related to business acquisitions and certain non-
                              recurring material items.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                     A  63
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Non-IFRS ratio                     Definition                                                                    Purpose

                                       Adjusted net earnings              Earnings per share calculated using adjusted net                              Assists in comparing adjusted net earnings from




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       from continuing                    earnings from continuing operations.                                          continuing operations on a per share basis; refer
                                       operations per share               Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                              to “Adjusted net earnings from continuing
                                                                          divided by the weighted average number of                                     operations” definition above.
                                                                          participating shares outstanding.

                                       Adjusted net asset value           Adjusted net asset value calculated on a                                      Assists the reader in comparing the adjusted net
                                       per share                          per share basis.                                                              asset value on a per share basis; refer to “Adjusted
                                                                          Adjusted net asset value divided by the number of                             net asset value” definition above.
                                                                          participating shares outstanding.


                                       These non-IFRS financial measures do not have a standard meaning and may not be comparable to similar measures used by
                                       other entities.


                                       RECONCILIATIONS OF IFRS AND NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES

                                       Adjusted Net Earnings
                                       The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings, a non-IFRS financial measure, to net earnings reported
                                       in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted net earnings is presented in the section “Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net
                                       Earnings”:
                                                                                                                                                                        March 31,          December 31,    March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                   2024                 2023          2023
                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations –
                                        Non-IFRS financial measure [1]                                                                                                        727                  645          588
                                                                 [2]
                                       Share of Adjustments , net of tax
                                        Lifeco                                                                                                                                   8                (174)        (161)
                                        IGM                                                                                                                                      −                 (14)           (2)
                                        Power Sustainable                                                                                                                       23                 (48)         (45)
                                        ChinaAMC                                                                                                                                 −                   −          (54)
                                                                                                                                                                                31                (236)        (262)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations –
                                        IFRS financial measure [1]                                                                                                            758                  409          326
                                       Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                                               (49)                  (3)        (13)
                                                                                       [1]
                                       Net earnings – IFRS financial measure                                                                                                  709                  406          313
                                       [1] Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.
                                       [2] Refer to the section “Adjustments” for more detail on Adjustments from Lifeco, IGM, Sagard and Power Sustainable, and ChinaAMC.




                                             A  64                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjustments (excluded from Adjusted net earnings)
The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments on a pre- and post-tax basis:




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                  March 31,    December 31,          March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                    2024           2023                2023

Lifeco [1]
  Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                                                  93            (239)               (142)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                    (20)             94                  28
  Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                                                    2             (20)                  6
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      (3)            76                  (1)
  Business transformation impacts (pre-tax) [2][3]                                                                                     (45)            (92)                (18)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      12              47                   5
  Amortization of acquisition-related finite life
   intangible assets (pre-tax) [3]                                                                                                     (34)            (28)                (29)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      8               7                   7
                                                                                                                                        13            (155)               (144)
Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) [4][5]                                                                                                 (5)           (19)                (17)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      −               −                   −
                                                                                                                                         8            (174)               (161)
IGM [1]
  Gain on disposal of IPC (pre-tax)                                                                                                      −             137                   −
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      −               −                   −
  Gain on disposal of Lifeco shares (pre-tax)                                                                                            −               −                 112
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      −               −                  (3)
  Share of Lifeco adjustments (pre-tax)                                                                                                  (1)             (4)                 −
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      −               −                   −
                                                                                                                                         (1)           133                 109
Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) [4]                                                                                                    1            (146)               (121)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      −               (1)                10
                                                                                                                                         −             (14)                 (2)
Power Sustainable
  Reclassification to earnings of foreign currency gains on Power Sustainable China (pre-tax)                                           54               −                   −
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      −               −                   −
  Revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities (pre-tax) [5]                                                                   (19)            (48)                (45)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      −               −                   −
  Restructuring charges (pre-tax)                                                                                                      (12)              −                   −
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      −               −                   −
                                                                                                                                        23             (48)                (45)
ChinaAMC
  Transaction costs on disposal of ChinaAMC (pre-tax)                                                                                    −               −                 (14)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      −               −                   −
  Income taxes on disposal of ChinaAMC                                                                                                   −               −                 (40)
                                                                                                                                         −               −                 (54)
                                                                                                                                        31            (236)               (262)
[1] As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
[2] Business transformation impacts include restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs.
[3] Included in other non-market related impacts.
[4] The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions, including the gain recognized by IGM on the sale of a portion of its interest in Lifeco
    to the Corporation and the gain recognized by IGM on the sale of IPC to Lifeco; ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common
    control to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM; and iii) IGM’s share of Lifeco’s Adjustments, in accordance with the Corporation’s definition of Adjusted net
    earnings from continuing operations.
[5] Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings. The comparative periods have been restated to reflect this change.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                    A  65
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjusted Net Asset Value
                                       The following table presents a reconciliation of the participating shareholders’ equity reported in accordance with IFRS to the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       adjusted net asset value, a non-IFRS financial measure. Adjusted net asset value is presented in the section “Adjusted Net
                                       Asset Value”:
                                                                                                                                                                                                  March 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                      2024          2023

                                       Participating shareholders’ equity – IFRS financial measure
                                         Share capital – participating shares                                                                                                                        9,254          9,284
                                         Retained earnings                                                                                                                                         10,300          10,005
                                         Reserves                                                                                                                                                    1,920          1,904
                                                                                                                                                                                                   21,474          21,193
                                       Fair value adjustments [1]
                                         Lifeco                                                                                                                                                    11,904          12,545
                                         IGM                                                                                                                                                         1,383          1,477
                                         GBL                                                                                                                                                        (1,520)         (1,422)
                                         Alternative asset investment platforms                                                                                                                      1,090            965
                                         Other investments and standalone businesses                                                                                                                   182            159
                                                                                                                                                                                                   13,039          13,724
                                       Adjusted net asset value – Non-IFRS financial measure                                                                                                       34,513          34,917
                                                    [2]
                                       Per share
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity (book value)                                                                                                               33.04          32.49
                                       Adjusted net asset value                                                                                                                                      53.10          53.53
                                       [1] Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for more details on the fair value adjustments.
                                       [2] Attributable to participating shareholders.


                                       Consolidated Assets and Assets Under Management and Consolidated Assets and Assets Under Administration
                                                                                                                                                                                                  March 31,   December 31,
                                       (In billions of dollars)                                                                                                                                       2024          2023

                                       Total consolidated assets per financial statements [1]                                                                                                          776            749
                                           Other assets under management
                                               Continuing operations                                                                                                                                   415            410
                                               Discontinued operations                                                                                                                                   −            162
                                                                                                               [1]
                                       Total consolidated assets and assets under management                                                                                                         1,191          1,321
                                           Other assets under administration                                                                                                                         1,949          1,787
                                                                                                                [1]
                                       Total consolidated assets and assets under administration                                                                                                     3,140          3,108
                                       [1] The amounts presented at December 31, 2023 include assets held for sale and other assets under management related to the discontinued operations of Putnam.




                                              A  66                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Fee-related earnings (of alternative asset investment platforms)
The following table presents the reconciliation of the net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of Power




                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Corporation in accordance with IFRS to the fee-related earnings of the alternative asset investment platforms, a non-IFRS
financial measure. Fee-related earnings is presented in the section “Asset Management Activities” of the section “Sagard and
Power Sustainable”.
                                                                                                                                 March 31,    December 31,     March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2024           2023           2023
Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation –
 IFRS financial measure                                                                                                              709              406          313
Excluding:
  Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco                                                                                           (641)           (479)         (395)
  Contribution to net earnings from IGM                                                                                              (133)           (107)         (121)
  Contribution to net earnings from GBL                                                                                               (54)              1             (19)
  Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco, IGM and GBL                                                                              (828)           (585)         (535)
  Contribution to net earnings from the holding company                                                                                82              93             129
Contribution to net earnings from Alternative Asset
 Investment Platforms and Other                                                                                                       (37)            (86)            (93)
Excluding:
  Investing activities                                                                                                                (22)             53             66
  Standalone businesses                                                                                                                32              21               5
Contribution to net earnings from Asset Management Activities                                                                         (27)            (12)            (22)
Adjustments:
Sagard
  Non-controlling interests                                                                                                             2               (6)            (1)
  Loss from private wealth platform and other asset management activities                                                               1               1               2
  Net carried interest                                                                                                                  (3)             1               2
  Share-based compensation                                                                                                              −               1               3
  Amortization of intangibles                                                                                                           1               1              −
  Acquisition-related costs [1]                                                                                                         −               (8)            −
  Income taxes and other                                                                                                                (4)             2               2
Power Sustainable
  Loss from development and asset management activities provided by
   Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP                                                                                             3              12               8
  Net performance fees and carried interest                                                                                             1               (9)            (6)
  Income taxes and other                                                                                                                −               2              (1)
  Restructuring charges                                                                                                                12               −              −
                                                                                                                                       13               (3)             9
Fee-related earnings (loss) – Non-IFRS financial measure                                                                              (14)            (15)            (13)

Sagard                                                                                                                                  (4)             (4)            (2)
Power Sustainable                                                                                                                     (10)            (11)            (11)
[1] Includes transaction costs and changes in fair value related to contingent consideration.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                A  67
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OTHER MEASURES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       This MD&A also includes other measures, which include:
                                       Term                               Definition

                                       Assets under management and        Operating asset management and investment management services businesses within the Power
                                        administration                    group, including IGM, alternative asset managers and Wealthsimple, present the total value of assets
                                                                          managed or administered which are beneficially owned by clients and are not recognized in the
                                                                          consolidated financial statements. The composition of the assets under management and
                                                                          administration is relative to the activities of the asset managers and are further defined as follows:

                                         Assets under management          AUM&A represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM’s core businesses IG Wealth Management
                                          and advisement (AUM&A)          and Mackenzie Investments. The comparative figures presented, prior to the sale on November 30,
                                          of IGM                          2023, exclude the AUM and AUA of IPC, which was disclosed by IGM as discontinued operations. In
                                                                          IGM’s Wealth Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA.
                                                                          Assets under management are client assets where IGM provides investment management services,
                                                                          and include investment funds where IGM is the fund manager, investment advisory mandates to
                                                                          institutions, and other client accounts where IGM has discretionary portfolio management
                                                                          responsibilities.
                                                                          Assets under advisement represents savings and investment products held within the client accounts
                                                                          of IGM’s Wealth Management segment’s core business.

                                         Assets under management          AUM&A including SI represents IGM’s AUM&A including its proportionate share of the AUM&A of
                                          and advisement including        strategic investments, based on IGM’s direct and indirect ownership of the strategic investments. The
                                          strategic investments           strategic investments included are those whose activities are primarily in asset and wealth
                                          (AUM&A including SI) of IGM     management, and include interests in ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.
                                                                          Rockefeller client assets include assets under management and advisement as well as assets held for
                                                                          investment purposes and only receiving administrative services.
                                         Assets under management of       Assets under management of investment platforms include:
                                          alternative asset investment       Net asset value of the investment funds and co-investment vehicles managed, including unfunded
                                          platforms
                                                                                commitments and permanent leverage;
                                                                             Gross asset value of investment funds managed within the real estate platform; and
                                                                             Fair value of assets managed on behalf of the Corporation and clients by asset managers controlled
                                                                                within the investment platforms, including assets managed through a separately managed account.

                                        Assets under administration of    Assets under administration includes the total value of assets held on behalf of clients and includes
                                         Wealthsimple                     client assets in which investment management services are provided.

                                       Book value per                     Represents Power Corporation’s participating shareholders’ equity divided by the number of
                                        participating share               participating shares outstanding at the end of the reporting period.

                                       Carried interest                   Carried interest is earned through a contractual arrangement between alternative asset managers and
                                                                          the funds managed in which the asset manager earns a fixed percentage of investment returns over a
                                                                          predetermined hurdle return.

                                       Fee-bearing capital                Fee-bearing capital includes:
                                                                             Total capital commitments of venture capital & growth, private equity, and royalties funds during
                                                                                the investment period;
                                                                             Net invested capital of private credit funds, funds which have completed their investment period,
                                                                                separately managed accounts within the credit platforms and certain co-investment vehicles;
                                                                             Net asset value of Power Sustainable China, Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure including
                                                                                direct investments in energy assets, and funds within the real estate platform; and
                                                                             Invested capital or gross asset value of assets managed through separately managed accounts
                                                                                within the real estate platform.

                                       Market capitalization              Represents the aggregate market value of a company. Market capitalization is determined at a point
                                                                          in time and represents the number of outstanding shares multiplied by the closing share price.




                                              A  68                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Term                                  Definition
Net asset value                       On a quarterly basis, GBL reports its net asset value as it represents an important criterion used in
 reported by GBL                      assessing its performance. GBL's net asset value represents the fair value of its investment portfolio, its




                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                      gross cash, the present value of its Concentrix note and its treasury shares, less its gross debt.
                                         GBL’s investments held in listed entities and treasury shares are measured at their market value,
                                             the present value of the Concentrix note is calculated at the market rate taking into account
                                             Concentrix’s credit quality, investments in private entities are measured using the
                                             recommendations of the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines,
                                             and recent investments are valued at their acquisition cost, which represents GBL management’s
                                             best estimate.
                                         GBL Capital’s portfolio of investments is measured by adding all investments at fair value
                                             provided by the fund managers with GBL Capital’s net cash, less its net debt.
                                         Sienna Investment Managers’ assets are valued at the acquisition cost of the management
                                             companies, less, where applicable, impairments.
                                      For more information on GBL's net asset value and valuation principles, refer to its website
                                      (www.gbl.com).

Net asset value of                    Net asset value of investment funds represents the fair value of the investments held within the fund,
 investment funds                     net of any liabilities.

Net carried interest                  Represents carried interest earned, net of direct employee costs which are usually recognized over
                                      the vesting period.

Unfunded commitments                  Represents the capital that has been committed by limited partners, but not called by the fund. In
                                      some cases, unfunded commitments include distributions, which are recallable by the fund.

Weighted average                      Represents the weighted average management fee rate charged on the fee-bearing capital across all
management fee rate                   asset classes during the period.
                                      Management fees earned during the period are divided by the average fee-bearing capital of funds,
                                      co-investment vehicles and separately managed accounts during such period. Management fees
                                      include retroactive management fees earned during the period related to the timing of subsequent
                                      fundraising closes.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                A  69
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ABBREVIATIONS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The following abbreviations are used throughout this report:
                                       adidas                       adidas AG                                                PanAgora                                    PanAgora Asset Management, Inc.
                                       Adjusted net earnings        Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations         Pargesa                                     Pargesa SA
                                       Affidea                      Affidea Group B.V.                                       Parjointco                                  Parjointco SA
                                       Alternative asset            Alternative Asset Investment Platforms                   Parques Reunidos                            Parques Reunidos Servicios Centrales, S.A.
                                          investment platforms or                                                            Peak                                        Peak Achievement Athletics Inc.
                                          Investment platforms                                                               PEM                                         Performance Equity Management, LLC
                                       Canada Life                  The Canada Life Assurance Company                        Pernod Ricard                               Pernod Ricard SA
                                       Canyon                       Canyon Bicycles GmbH                                     Pillar Two                                  Pillar Two Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules
                                       ChinaAMC                     China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                                                                       published by the OECD
                                       Concentrix                   Concentrix Corporation                                   Portage Capital Solutions                   Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP
                                       Diagram                      Diagram Corporation                                      Portage Ventures I                          Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
                                       Diagram ClimateTech          Diagram ClimateTech Fund LP                              Portage Ventures II                         Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
                                       Diagram Opportunity          Diagram Opportunity Fund I LP                            Portage Ventures III                        Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
                                       Diagram Ventures I           Diagram Ventures LP                                      Potentia or Potentia Renewables             Potentia Renewables Inc.
                                       Diagram Ventures II          Diagram Ventures II LP                                   Power Financial                             Power Financial Corporation
                                       Diagram Ventures III         Diagram Ventures III LP                                  Power Sustainable                           Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
                                       EBR                          Euronext Brussels                                        Power Sustainable China                     Power Sustainable Investment Management Inc.
                                       Empower                      Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America             Power Sustainable Energy                    Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                       EPA                          Euronext Paris                                           Power Sustainable                           Power Sustainable Infrastructure
                                       EverWest                     EverWest Holdings Inc.                                     Infrastructure Credit                       Credit Manager, L.P.
                                       Franklin Templeton           Franklin Resources, Inc.                                 Power Sustainable Lios                      Power Sustainable Lios Inc.
                                       GBL                          Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                 Power Sustainable Manager or PSM            Power Sustainable Manager Inc.
                                       GEA                          GEA Group AG                                             Prudential                                  Prudential Financial, Inc.
                                       Grayhawk                     Grayhawk Wealth Holdings Inc.                            PSEIP                                       Power Sustainable Energy
                                       HalseyPoint                  HalseyPoint Asset Management, LLC                                                                      Infrastructure Partnership
                                       Holcim                       Holcim Ltd.                                              Putnam                                      Putnam U.S. Holdings I, LLC
                                       IFRS                         International Financial Reporting Standards              Rockefeller                                 Rockefeller Capital Management
                                       IGM or IGM Financial         IGM Financial Inc.                                       Sagard                                      Sagard Holdings Inc.
                                       IG Wealth Management         Investors Group Inc.                                     Sagard Credit Partners I                    Sagard Credit Partners, LP
                                       Imerys                       Imerys SA                                                Sagard Credit Partners II                   Sagard Credit Partners II, LP
                                       Investment Planning          Investment Planning Counsel Inc.                         Sagard Healthcare Partners                  Sagard Healthcare Royalty Partners, LP
                                          Counsel or IPC                                                                     Sagard Holdings Management                  Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
                                       Irish Life                   Irish Life Group Limited                                   or SHMI
                                       Lifeco                       Great-West Lifeco Inc.                                   Sagard MidCap                               Sagard MidCap II, Sagard MidCap 3, and
                                       Lion or Lion Electric        The Lion Electric Company                                                                              Sagard MidCap 4
                                       LMPG                         LMPG Inc.                                                 Sagard Senior Lending Partners             Sagard Senior Lending Partners
                                       Mackenzie or                 Mackenzie Financial Corporation                            or SSLP                                     Holdings (I and II) LP, and
                                          Mackenzie Investments                                                                                                            Sagard Senior Lending Partners
                                       MOWI                         Mowi ASA                                                                                               Holdings (I-U and II-U) LP
                                       Nautilus or Nautilus Solar   Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                               Sanoptis                                    Sanoptis AG
                                       NCIB                         Normal Course Issuer Bid                                 SGS                                         SGS SA
                                       Northleaf                    Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                             SIX                                         Swiss Stock Exchange
                                       NYSE                         New York Stock Exchange                                  SPEC                                        Sagard Private Equity Canada LP
                                       OECD                         Organization for Economic Co-operation                   TSX                                         Toronto Stock Exchange
                                                                     and Development                                         Umicore                                     Umicore, NV/SA
                                       Ontex                        Ontex Group NV                                           USPF                                        GWL U.S. Property Fund L.P.
                                       OSE                          Oslo Stock Exchange                                      Wealthsimple                                Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
                                       OSFI                         Office of the Superintendent of                          Webhelp                                     Webhelp Group
                                                                     Financial Institutions                                  XETR                                        XETRA Stock Exchange




                                               A  70                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY RESULTS




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                          2024                                                             2023                                             2022
                                                            Q1                 Q4             Q3              Q2              Q1           Q4        Q3         Q2             Q1



Insurance revenue                                       5,250              5,174           5,110          5,081           5,037          5,442    4,648      4,762         4,780
Net investment income                                   2,516              2,500           2,391          2,154           2,150          2,151    2,061      1,981         1,420
Change in FVPL on investments                          (1,333)            11,098          (5,414)         (2,626)         3,606          1,356    (7,350)   (13,683)     (11,301)
Fee income and other revenues                           2,729              2,601           2,569          2,564           2,433          2,378    2,296      2,350         2,243
Total revenues [1]                                      9,162             21,373           4,656          7,173         13,226          11,327    1,655      (4,590)      (2,858)

Net earnings [2]                                          709                406             975             501            313            89       643        601             862
  per share – basic                                       1.09               0.63           1.47            0.75            0.47          0.14     0.96        0.89         1.28
  per share – diluted                                     1.08               0.61           1.47            0.75            0.47          0.13     0.96        0.86         1.27
Earnings from continuing operations
Net earnings from continuing
 operations [2]                                           758                409             997             550            326           106       642        606             862
  per share – basic                                       1.17               0.63           1.50            0.82            0.49          0.16     0.96        0.90         1.28
  per share – diluted                                     1.16               0.61           1.50            0.82            0.49          0.15     0.96        0.87         1.27
Adjusted net earnings from
 continuing operations [2][3][4]                          727                645           1,006             842            588           487       529        649             440
  per share – basic [3]                                   1.12               0.99           1.52            1.26            0.88          0.73     0.79        0.97         0.65
Adjustments [3][4][5]                                       31               (236)              (9)         (292)          (262)          (381)     113         (43)           422
  per share – basic [3]                                   0.05              (0.36)          (0.02)         (0.44)          (0.39)        (0.57)    0.17       (0.07)        0.63
[1] Total revenues includes net investment income and changes in fair value through profit or loss included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
[2] Attributable to participating shareholders.
[3] Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to participating shareholders and adjusted net earnings from continuing operations per share, and
    adjustments and adjustments per share are non-IFRS financial measures. For a definition of these non-IFRS financial measures, please refer to the section “Non-IFRS
    Financial Measures” in this MD&A.
[4] Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”. The comparative
    periods have been restated to reflect this change.
[5] The Corporation’s share of Lifeco, IGM and Sagard and Power Sustainable’s Adjustments, including the effect of consolidation, and Adjustments of the Corporation,
    including in relation to its investment in ChinaAMC, are as follows:
                                                         2024                                                              2023                                             2022
                                                            Q1                 Q4             Q3              Q2              Q1           Q4        Q3         Q2             Q1

    Lifeco
       Pre-tax                                              11               (398)            (13)          (297)          (200)          (366)     153         (30)           524
       Tax effect                                            (3)              224               2             57              39            70       (38)       (18)        (109)
                                                              8              (174)            (11)          (240)          (161)          (296)     115         (48)           415
    IGM
       Pre-tax                                               −                (13)              −            (72)                 (9)      (14)        6          9            19
       Tax effect                                            −                  (1)             −             17                  7          2        (1)        (2)            (4)
                                                             −                (14)              −            (55)                 (2)      (12)        5          7            15
    Sagard and Power Sustainable
       Pre-tax                                              23                (48)              2               3            (45)          (73)       (7)        (2)           (11)
       Tax effect                                            −                   −              −               −                 −          −        −           −             3
                                                            23                (48)              2               3            (45)          (73)       (7)        (2)            (8)
    ChinaAMC
       Pre-tax                                               −                   −              −               −            (14)            −        −           −             −
       Tax effect                                            −                   −              −               −            (40)            −        −           −             −
                                                             −                   −              −               −            (54)            −        −           −             −
                                                            31               (236)              (9)         (292)          (262)          (381)     113         (43)           422




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                        A  71
                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA


                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       (unaudited)                                                                                                                                     March 31,   December 31,
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                                  2024           2023

                                       Assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                        10,147           9,937
                                       Investments [Note 4]
                                         Bonds                                                                                                                                         156,236        157,336
                                         Mortgage and other loans                                                                                                                       43,347         43,568
                                         Shares                                                                                                                                         18,463         16,588
                                         Investment properties                                                                                                                           7,827           7,870
                                                                                                                                                                                       225,873        225,362
                                       Insurance contract assets [Note 7]                                                                                                                1,282           1,193
                                       Reinsurance contract held assets [Note 7]                                                                                                        17,407         17,332
                                       Assets held for sale [Note 3]                                                                                                                          –          4,467
                                       Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                  2,005           2,349
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                                            8,269           8,152
                                       Owner-occupied properties and capital assets                                                                                                      5,188           5,082
                                       Other assets                                                                                                                                     32,630         29,434
                                       Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                               1,916           1,894
                                       Intangible assets                                                                                                                                 6,732           6,690
                                       Goodwill                                                                                                                                         14,734         14,630
                                       Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 6]                                                                                449,323        422,956
                                       Total assets                                                                                                                                    775,506        749,478

                                       Liabilities
                                       Insurance contract liabilities [Note 7]                                                                                                         145,018        144,388
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                                  87,599         88,919
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities [Note 7]                                                                                                      679            648
                                       Liabilities held for sale [Note 3]                                                                                                                     –          2,407
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                                                                                            4,647           4,688
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments [Note 8]                                                                                  647            647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments [Note 9]                                                                                      14,835         14,625
                                       Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                  1,616           1,351
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                                                                28,366         26,368
                                       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                          1,152           1,216
                                       Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 7]                                                                         62,468         60,302
                                       Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                                386,855        362,654
                                       Total liabilities                                                                                                                               733,882        708,213

                                       Equity
                                       Share capital [Note 10]
                                        Non-participating shares                                                                                                                           950            950
                                        Participating shares                                                                                                                             9,254           9,284
                                       Retained earnings                                                                                                                                10,300         10,005
                                       Reserves                                                                                                                                          1,920           1,904
                                       Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                       22,424         22,143
                                       Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                        19,200         19,122
                                       Total equity                                                                                                                                     41,624         41,265
                                       Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                                    775,506        749,478




                                             A  72                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS




                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
(unaudited)                                                                                                                      Three months ended March 31,
[in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts]                                                                          2024               2023

Insurance service result
Insurance revenue [Note 14]                                                                                                         5,250              5,037
Insurance service expenses                                                                                                         (4,067)            (3,995)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts                                                                                               (386)              (342)
Total insurance service result                                                                                                       797                 700

Net investment result
Net investment income [Note 4]                                                                                                      2,516              2,150
Changes in fair value through profit or loss [Note 4]                                                                              (1,333)             3,606
                                                                                                                                    1,183              5,756
Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                                 27             (3,570)
Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                                              (51)                93
Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                                                           (171)            (1,882)
Net investment result                                                                                                                988                 397

Net investment result – Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders
Net investment income (loss)                                                                                                        2,473              1,721
Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                             (2,473)            (1,721)
Net investment result – Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                 –                   –

Other revenues
Fee income                                                                                                                          2,571              2,292
Other                                                                                                                                158                 141
Total fee income and other revenues                                                                                                 2,729              2,433

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses                                                                                               2,900              2,633
Financing charges                                                                                                                    201                 191
Total other expenses                                                                                                                3,101              2,824
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates, and income taxes                                     1,413                706
Share of earnings of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 5]                                            64                 33
Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                        1,477                739
Income taxes [Note 16]                                                                                                               234                 120
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                             1,243                619
Net loss from discontinued operations                                                                                                (115)                (19)
Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations [Note 3]                                                                             44                   –
Net earnings                                                                                                                        1,172                600


Attributable to
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                                           450                 274
 Non-participating shareholders                                                                                                        13                 13
 Participating shareholders                                                                                                          709                 313
                                                                                                                                    1,172                600


Earnings per participating share [Note 18]
Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to participating shareholders
 Basic                                                                                                                               1.17                0.49
 Diluted                                                                                                                             1.16                0.49
Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders
 Basic                                                                                                                               1.09                0.47
 Diluted                                                                                                                             1.08                0.47




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                   A  73
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       (unaudited)                                                                                                                                         Three months ended March 31,
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                                       2024               2023

                                       Net earnings                                                                                                                                           1,172                600
                                       Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                        Items that may be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
                                        Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI debt instruments
                                          Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                                                             (42)               185
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                           9                (43)
                                          Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                                                                    19                 36
                                           Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                                          (5)                 (8)
                                                                                                                                                                                                (19)               170
                                         Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges
                                          Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                                                              24                  (1)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                         (4)                 (8)
                                          Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                                                                    (5)               (28)
                                            Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                                          1                  8
                                                                                                                                                                                                 16                (29)
                                         Net unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of foreign operations
                                          Unrealized gains (losses) on translation                                                                                                             264                 137
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                          –                  5
                                          Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                                                                  (265)                  –
                                          Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of net investments in foreign operations                                                                          (64)               (26)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                          7                  2
                                                                                                                                                                                                (58)               118
                                         Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments
                                          in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                                                                      32                 68
                                          Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                            –                  6
                                                                                                                                                                                                 32                 74

                                         Total – items that may be reclassified                                                                                                                 (29)               333

                                         Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
                                         Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI equity instruments
                                           Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                                                            (76)                 2
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                          19                  (2)
                                                                                                                                                                                                (57)                  –
                                         Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments
                                          in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                                                                       1                155

                                         Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                                                                     219                 (69)
                                          Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                          (56)                14
                                                                                                                                                                                               163                 (55)

                                         Total – items that will not be reclassified                                                                                                           107                 100


                                       Other comprehensive income                                                                                                                               78                 433

                                       Comprehensive income                                                                                                                                   1,250              1,033


                                       Attributable to
                                        Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                              479                 394
                                        Non-participating shareholders                                                                                                                           13                 13
                                        Participating shareholders                                                                                                                             758                 626
                                                                                                                                                                                              1,250              1,033




                                             A  74                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                   Share capital                                                            Reserves
Three months ended                                                                                                                 Other
March 31, 2024                                            Non-                                                             comprehensive                     Non-
(unaudited)                                       participating     Participating       Retained        Share-based              income                controlling        Total
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                        shares            shares       earnings       compensation            [Note 17]       Total     interests       equity

Balance, beginning of year                                 950             9,284          10,005                  408             1,496       1,904      19,122         41,265
Net earnings                                                   –                 –           722                      –                –           –         450         1,172
Other comprehensive income                                     –                 –               –                    –              49          49           29              78
Comprehensive income                                           –                 –           722                      –              49          49          479         1,250

Subordinate voting shares
  purchased and cancelled
  under Normal Course Issuer Bid
  [Note 10]                                                    –              (38)            (59)                    –                –           –            –             (97)
Dividends to shareholders
  Non-participating shares                                     –                 –            (13)                    –                –           –            –             (13)
  Participating shares                                         –                 –           (366)                    –                –           –            –            (366)
Dividends to non-controlling
  interests                                                    –                 –               –                    –                –           –        (266)            (266)
Expense for share-based
  compensation [Note 11]                                       –                 –               –                   5                 –          5             4               9
Stock options exercised                                        –                8                –                   (2)               –         (2)            2               8
Realized gains on FVOCI equity
  instruments transferred to
  retained earnings                                            –                 –             11                     –             (11)        (11)            –               –
Effects of changes in
  capital and ownership of
  subsidiaries, and other                                      –                 –               –                 (23)               (2)       (25)        (141)            (166)
Balance, end of period                                     950             9,254          10,300                  388             1,532       1,920      19,200         41,624


                                                                   Share capital                                                            Reserves
Three months ended                                                                                                                 Other
March 31, 2023                                            Non-                                                             comprehensive                     Non-
(unaudited)                                       participating     Participating       Retained        Share-based              income                controlling        Total
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                        shares            shares       earnings       compensation            [Note 17]       Total     interests       equity

Balance, beginning of year                                 950             9,486           9,381                  378             1,666       2,044      18,694         40,555
Net earnings                                                   –                 –           326                      –                –           –         274             600
Other comprehensive income                                     –                 –               –                    –             313         313          120             433
Comprehensive income                                           –                 –           326                      –             313         313          394         1,033

Subordinate voting shares
  purchased and cancelled
  under Normal Course Issuer Bid
  [Note 10]                                                    –              (18)            (24)                    –                –           –            –             (42)
Dividends to shareholders
  Non-participating shares                                     –                 –            (13)                    –                –           –            –             (13)
  Participating shares                                         –                 –           (350)                    –                –           –            –            (350)
Dividends to non-controlling
  interests                                                    –                 –               –                    –                –           –        (255)            (255)
Expense for share-based
  compensation [Note 11]                                       –                 –               –                  20                 –         20           10              30
Stock options exercised                                        –                4                –                 (25)                –        (25)          24                3
Realized losses on FVOCI equity
  instruments transferred to
  retained earnings                                            –                 –            (18)                    –              18          18             –               –
Effects of changes in
  capital and ownership of
  subsidiaries, and other                                      –                 –             48                     –               (2)        (2)          (64)            (18)
Balance, end of period                                     950             9,472           9,350                  373             1,995       2,368      18,803         40,943




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                      A  75
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       (unaudited)                                                                                                                                                  Three months ended March 31,
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                                              2024                 2023 [1]

                                       Operating activities
                                       Earnings before income taxes from continuing and discontinued operations                                                                                      1,316                  719
                                       Income tax paid, net of refunds                                                                                                                                (163)                (158)
                                       Adjusting items
                                         Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                                         (4)             2,837
                                         Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                                  (2,593)                (203)
                                         Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                                 26                    7
                                         Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                                    112                    22
                                         Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                                            (87)                 (69)
                                         Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                                1,333               (3,606)
                                         Lifeco’s insurance and investment contract-related activities
                                           Sales, maturities and repayments of investments                                                                                                          10,348                8,121
                                           Purchases of investments                                                                                                                                  (8,960)             (6,903)
                                         Other                                                                                                                                                         (963)               (546)
                                                                                                                                                                                                        365                 221

                                       Financing activities
                                       Dividends paid
                                         By subsidiaries to non-controlling interests                                                                                                                 (266)                (254)
                                         Non-participating shares                                                                                                                                       (13)                 (13)
                                         Participating shares                                                                                                                                         (343)                (330)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      (622)                (597)
                                       Issue of equity
                                         Corporation’s subordinate voting shares [Note 10]                                                                                                               8                    3
                                         Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                                                    41                   91
                                       Issuance of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                                                  70                   81
                                       Repurchase or redemption of equity
                                         Corporation’s subordinate voting shares for cancellation under normal course issuer bid [Note 10]                                                             (97)                 (42)
                                         Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                                                   (22)                 (22)
                                       Redemption of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                                                 (2)                (61)
                                       Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                                                                                        (32)                   –
                                       Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments [Note 9]
                                         Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                                                            255                  508
                                         Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                                           (136)                (377)
                                       Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                                                                                   (24)                 (28)
                                       Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                                                              256                  196
                                       Repayments of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                                                 (306)                (249)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      (611)                (497)

                                       Investing activities
                                       Sales, maturities and repayment of investments                                                                                                                1,129                  962
                                       Purchases of investments                                                                                                                                       (667)              (1,026)
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                                                           (86)                 (80)
                                       Impact from the disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                                            (211)                    –
                                       Business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                                 (20)               (127)
                                       Acquisition of capital assets, properties and other                                                                                                            (158)                (400)
                                                                                                                                                                                                        (13)               (671)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                  94                   27
                                       Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                          (165)                (920)
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                                                 10,312                9,848
                                       Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations, end of period                                                                         10,147                8,928
                                       Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end of period                                                                                        –                (204)
                                       Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations, end of period                                                                                          10,147                8,724


                                       Net cash from operating activities includes
                                       Interest and dividends received                                                                                                                               2,112                1,903
                                       Interest paid                                                                                                                                                   246                  178
                                       [1] The Corporation has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period’s presentation. These classifications had no impact on the equity or net earnings
                                           of the Corporation.




                                             A  76                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
(ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED)


Note 1      Corporate Information                                           77             Note 10           Share Capital                                                  93
Note 2      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material                                  Note 11           Share-Based Compensation                                       95
            Accounting Policies                                             78             Note 12           Capital Management                                             97
Note 3      Business Acquisitions and Other Transaction                     81             Note 13           Risk Management                                                99
Note 4      Investments                                                     82             Note 14           Insurance Revenue                                             105
Note 5      Investments in Jointly Controlled Corporations                                 Note 15           Restructuring and Integration Expenses                        105
            and Associates                                                  84
                                                                                           Note 16           Income Taxes                                                  106
Note 6      Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities                  85
                                                                                           Note 17           Other Comprehensive Income                                    107
Note 7      Insurance Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held 87
                                                                                           Note 18           Earnings Per Share                                            108
Note 8      Power Corporation’s Debentures and
            Other Debt Instruments                                          89             Note 19           Fair Value Measurement                                        109

Note 9      Non-Recourse Debentures and                                                    Note 20           Segmented Information                                         114
            Other Debt Instruments                                          90

The following abbreviations are used in these Consolidated Financial Statements:

Canada Life                    The Canada Life Assurance Company                                OSFI                           Office of the Superintendent of Financial
                                                                                                                                Institutions
ChinaAMC                       China Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                PAA                            Premium allocation approach
CSM                            Contractual service margin
                                                                                                Parjointco                     Parjointco SA
Empower                        Empower Annuity Insurance Company
                                of America                                                      Portage Ventures I             Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
FVOCI                          Fair value through other comprehensive income                    Portage Ventures II            Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
FVPL                           Fair value through profit or loss                                Portage Ventures III           Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
GBL                            Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                         Power Corporation or           Power Corporation of Canada
                                                                                                 the Corporation
IFRS                           International Financial Reporting Standards
                                                                                                Power Financial                Power Financial Corporation
IGM or IGM Financial           IGM Financial Inc.
                                                                                                Power Sustainable              Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
IG Wealth Management           Investors Group Inc.
                                                                                                Rockefeller                    Rockefeller Capital Management
Lifeco                         Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                                                                Sagard                         Sagard Holdings Inc.
Lion                           The Lion Electric Co.
                                                                                                TSX                            Toronto Stock Exchange
Mackenzie or                   Mackenzie Financial Corporation
 Mackenzie Investments                                                                          Wealthsimple                   Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
Northleaf                      Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.




NOTE 1          CORPORATE INFORMATION

Power Corporation of Canada is a publicly listed company (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) incorporated and domiciled in Canada
and located at 751 Victoria Square, Montréal, Quebec, Canada, H2Y 2J3.
Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,
Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses,
including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
The unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (financial statements) of Power Corporation as at and
for the three months ended March 31, 2024 were approved by its Board of Directors on May 8, 2024.




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                       A  77
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 2       BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       BA SIS OF P RESENTATION
                                       The financial statements of Power Corporation as at March 31, 2024 have been prepared in accordance with International
                                       Accounting Standard 34 – Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34) using the same accounting policies as set out in Note 2 to the
                                       consolidated financial statements of the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2023 except as described in the
                                       section Changes in Accounting Policies below.
                                       The financial statements include the accounts of Power Corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after
                                       elimination of intercompany transactions and balances and consolidation adjustments.
                                       The financial statements of Power Corporation include, on a consolidated basis, the results of Power Financial, a reporting
                                       issuer in all of the provinces and territories of Canada, and Lifeco and IGM Financial, which are both public companies. The
                                       amounts shown on the consolidated balance sheets (balance sheets), consolidated statements of earnings (statements of
                                       earnings), consolidated statements of comprehensive income (statements of comprehensive income), consolidated
                                       statements of changes in equity (statements of changes in equity) and consolidated statements of cash flows (statements of
                                       cash flows) are mainly derived from the publicly disclosed consolidated financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial, all
                                       as at and for the three months ended March 31, 2024. Certain notes to Power Corporation’s financial statements are derived
                                       from the notes to the financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial.

                                       SUBSIDIARIES
                                       Subsidiaries, including controlled investment funds, are entities the Corporation controls when: (i) the Corporation has power
                                       over the entity; (ii) it is exposed or has rights to variable returns from its involvement; and (iii) it has the ability to affect those
                                       returns through its use of power over the entity. Subsidiaries of the Corporation are consolidated from the date of acquisition,
                                       being the date on which the Corporation obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date such control ceases.
                                       The Corporation reassesses whether or not it controls an entity if facts and circumstances indicate there are changes to one
                                       or more of the elements of control.

                                       JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES
                                       Jointly controlled corporations are entities in which unanimous consent is required for decisions relating to relevant activities.
                                       Associates are entities in which the Corporation exercises significant influence over the entity’s operating and financial
                                       policies, without having control or joint control. Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are accounted
                                       for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the Corporation recognizes its share of net earnings (losses) and other
                                       comprehensive income (loss) of the jointly controlled corporations and associates, and dividends received.
                                       In the case of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture
                                       capital organization, the Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled corporations and
                                       associates at FVPL.




                                           A  78                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES

The financial statements of Power Corporation include the operations of the following direct and indirect subsidiaries and
investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates:
                                                                                                                                                     % equity interest
                                                                                                                                                  March 31,     December 31,
Corporation                                             Classification        Incorporated in          Primary business operation                    2024             2023
Holding company
Power Corporation of Canada                             Parent                Canada                   Holding company
Power Financial Corporation                             Subsidiary            Canada                   Holding company                               100.0               100.0
Publicly traded companies
Great-West Lifeco Inc. [1][2]                           Subsidiary            Canada                   Financial services holding company             70.5                70.5
 The Canada Life Assurance Company                      Subsidiary            Canada                   Insurance and wealth management               100.0               100.0
 Irish Life Group Limited                               Subsidiary            Ireland                  Insurance and wealth management               100.0               100.0
 Empower Annuity Insurance                              Subsidiary            United States            Financial services                            100.0               100.0
    Company of America
IGM Financial Inc. [3]                                  Subsidiary            Canada                   Wealth and asset management                    66.1                66.0
  IG Wealth Management                                  Subsidiary            Canada                   Financial services                            100.0               100.0
  Mackenzie Financial Corporation                       Subsidiary            Canada                   Asset management company                      100.0               100.0
    China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                    Associate             China                    Asset management company                       27.8                27.8
    Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. [4]                    Associate             Canada                   Alternative asset manager                      70.0                70.0
  Rockefeller Capital Management                        Associate             United States            Financial services                              20.5               20.5
Parjointco SA                                           Joint control         Belgium                  Holding company                                 50.0               50.0
    Groupe Bruxelles Lambert [5]                        Subsidiary            Belgium                  Holding company                                 31.0               31.0
Alternative asset investment platforms
  and other
Power Sustainable Capital Inc.                          Subsidiary            Canada                   Holding company                               100.0               100.0
  Power Sustainable Manager Inc.                        Subsidiary            Canada                   Alternative asset manager                     100.0               100.0
  Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure               Subsidiary            Canada                   Renewable energy fund                          52.7                52.9
    Partnership [6]
  Potentia Renewables Inc.                              Subsidiary            Canada                   Renewable energy                              100.0               100.0
  Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                            Subsidiary            United States            Renewable energy                              100.0               100.0
Sagard Holdings Inc.                                    Subsidiary            Canada                   Holding company                               100.0               100.0
  Sagard Holdings Management Inc. [7]                   Subsidiary            Canada                   Alternative asset manager                      66.4                66.4
  Wealthsimple Financial Corp. [8]                      Subsidiary            Canada                   Financial services                             56.6                56.6
  Portag3 Ventures LP [9]                               Subsidiary            Canada                   Venture capital fund                          100.0               100.0
  Portag3 Ventures II LP [10]                           Subsidiary            Canada                   Venture capital fund                           27.9                27.9
  Portage Ventures III LP [11]                          Subsidiary            Canada                   Venture capital fund                           15.4                15.4
Standalone Businesses
  LMPG Inc.                                             Subsidiary            Canada                   Lighting solutions                              49.6               49.6
  Peak Achievement Athletics Inc.                       Joint control         Canada                   Manufacturer of sports equipment                42.6               42.6
                                                                                                          and apparel
  The Lion Electric Co.                                 Associate             Canada                   Manufacturer of zero-emission vehicles          34.1               34.1
 [1]   Power Financial holds a 68.1% equity interest and IGM Financial holds a 2.4% equity interest in Lifeco.
 [2]   On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of its interest in Putnam US Holdings I, LLC (Note 3).
 [3]   Power Financial holds a 62.2% equity interest and Canada Life holds a 3.9% equity interest in IGM Financial (62.1% and 3.9%, respectively, at December 31, 2023).
 [4]   Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. Held through an acquisition vehicle 80% owned by Mackenzie Investments and 20% by Lifeco.
 [5]   Parjointco has a controlling interest in GBL and holds 45.2% of the voting interest (45.3% at December 31, 2023).
 [6]   Power Corporation holds a 38.0% equity interest and Lifeco holds a 14.7% equity interest in Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership (38.2% and 14.7%,
       respectively, at December 31, 2023).
 [7]   Power Corporation and Lifeco hold an equity interest of 53.5% and 12.9%, respectively, in Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
 [8]   Power Financial, Portage Ventures I and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 14.4%, 10.9% and 31.3%, respectively, in Wealthsimple.
 [9]   Power Financial holds a 63.0% equity interest and Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equity interest of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
[10]   Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equal equity interest of 7.7% and Sagard holds a 4.7% equity interest in Portage Ventures II.
[11]   Sagard, Lifeco and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 2.4%, 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                  A  79
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CHA NGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
                                       The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows, IFRS 7, Financial Instruments:
                                       Disclosures, and IFRS 16, Leases effective January 1, 2024. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact
                                       on the Corporation’s financial statements.

                                       USE OF SIGNIFICA NT JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
                                       In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and management of its subsidiaries are
                                       required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
                                       earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. Key sources of estimation uncertainty and areas where significant
                                       judgments have been made by the management of the Corporation and management of its subsidiaries are further described
                                       in the relevant accounting policies in the Corporation’s consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended
                                       December 31, 2023.

                                       FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the International Accounting
                                       Standards Board (IASB) and analyze the effect that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial
                                       statements when they become effective. The following sets out standards released and updates since the December 31, 2023
                                       financial statements.
                                       Standard                      Summary of future changes

                                       IFRS 18 –                     In April 2024, the IASB published IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (IFRS 18). The
                                       Presentation and Disclosure   standard aims to improve how companies communicate information in their financial statements, with a
                                       in Financial Statements       focus on information about financial performance in the statement of earnings.
                                                                     IFRS 18 will require corporations to:
                                                                         Provide defined subtotals in the statement of earnings;
                                                                         Disclose information for any management-defined performance measures related to the statement of
                                                                            earnings; and
                                                                         Implement principles for the grouping of information in the financial statements, and whether to
                                                                            provide it in the primary financial statements or notes.
                                                                     The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with earlier
                                                                     application permitted. The Corporation is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard.




                                            A  80                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 3        BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER TRANSACTION




                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
LIFECO
Putnam U.S. Holdings I, LLC
On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam U.S. Holdings I, LLC (Putnam Investments), excluding PanAgora
Holdings Inc. and its subsidiary PanAgora Asset Management Inc. (collectively, PanAgora) to Franklin Resources, Inc. (Franklin
Templeton) in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash, and contingent consideration of up to US$375 million
over a five- to seven-year period. Lifeco retained its controlling interest in PanAgora, a quantitative asset manager, and certain
assets, including deferred tax assets, related to Putnam Investments. Lifeco currently holds approximately 31,600,000 Franklin
Templeton common shares and will hold a majority of these shares for a minimum five-year period.
In the 2023 financial statements, the net earnings (loss) and cash flows of Putnam Investments were classified as discontinued
operations within the Lifeco segment, and the related assets and liabilities were classified as held for sale. Financial
information relating to the sale of the discontinued operation is set out below, reflecting total estimated fair value of
consideration of $1,909 million. Included in the results for the three months ended March 31, 2024, are $115 million of closing
and final adjustments to the carrying value, resulting in a net gain on sale of $44 million after tax.
                                                                                                                          January 1, 2024

Consideration received or receivable:
 Fair value of Franklin Templeton common shares (US$29.79 per share)                                                               1,321
 Net cash and other deferred and contingent consideration                                                                             588
 Non-controlling interest in sale of Putnam Investments                                                                             (123)
Total net proceeds on disposal of Putnam Investments                                                                               1,786

Net carrying value of net assets sold
 Carrying value                                                                                                                    2,010
 Foreign exchange translation gains reclassified to earnings on disposal of foreign operations                                      (211)
Net carrying value of discontinued operations                                                                                      1,799
                                                                                                                                      (13)
Income tax recovery                                                                                                                   57
Net gain on sale after income tax                                                                                                     44


Value Partners Group Inc.
On September 8, 2023, Canada Life, a subsidiary of Lifeco, completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity of Value Partners
Group Inc., a Winnipeg-based investment firm that serves clients with complex and sophisticated wealth needs. As at
March 31, 2024, the accounting for the acquisition is not finalized, with the initial amount of $119 million assigned to goodwill
on the date of the acquisition to be adjusted, pending the completion of a comprehensive valuation of the net assets acquired.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4       A  81
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 4       INVESTMENTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CARRYING VALUES AND FAIR VALUES
                                       Carrying values and estimated fair values of investments are as follows:
                                                                                                                                               March 31, 2024                               December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                            Carrying                       Fair                  Carrying                Fair
                                                                                                                               value                      value                     value               value

                                       Bonds
                                        Designated as FVPL                                                                 142,585                    142,585                    143,418             143,418
                                        Classified as FVPL                                                                    1,561                      1,561                     1,795               1,795
                                        FVOCI                                                                                11,774                    11,774                     11,750              11,750
                                        Amortized cost                                                                          316                        314                      373                  371
                                                                                                                           156,236                    156,234                    157,336             157,334
                                       Mortgage and other loans
                                        Designated as FVPL                                                                   28,894                    28,894                     29,226              29,226
                                        Classified as FVPL                                                                    4,397                      4,397                     4,233               4,233
                                        FVOCI                                                                                   570                        570                      578                  578
                                        Amortized cost                                                                        9,486                      8,877                     9,531               8,994
                                                                                                                             43,347                    42,738                     43,568              43,031
                                       Shares
                                        Classified as FVPL                                                                   17,238                    17,238                     16,177              16,177
                                        Designated as FVOCI                                                                   1,225                      1,225                      411                  411
                                                                                                                             18,463                    18,463                     16,588              16,588
                                       Investment properties                                                                  7,827                      7,827                     7,870               7,870
                                                                                                                           225,873                    225,262                    225,362             224,823




                                           A  82                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 4 INVESTMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
NET INVESTMENT INCOME
                                                                                        Mortgage and                             Investment
Three months ended March 31, 2024                                          Bonds          other loans                 Shares      properties   Other        Total

Net investment income
 Investment income earned                                                   1,669                  376                   169           124      213        2,551
 Net realized losses on derecognition of
   FVOCI investments                                                           (19)                    –                     –            –        –           (19)
 Net expected credit loss (ECL) recovery                                          –                    2                     –            –        –            2
 Other income (expenses)                                                          –                    7                     8          (44)     11            (18)
                                                                            1,650                  385                   177             80     224        2,516
Changes in FVPL                                                            (1,572)                  (30)                 640            (66)   (305)      (1,333)
Net investment income (loss)                                                   78                  355                   817             14     (81)       1,183


                                                                                        Mortgage and                             Investment
Three months ended March 31, 2023                                          Bonds          other loans                 Shares      properties   Other        Total

Net investment income
 Investment income earned                                                   1,593                  348                   112           120      106        2,279
 Net realized losses on derecognition of
   FVOCI investments                                                           (36)                    –                     –            –        –           (36)
 Net ECL recovery                                                                 -                    1                     –            –        –            1
 Other income (expenses)                                                          –                   (1)                    –          (44)    (49)           (94)
                                                                            1,557                  348                   112             76      57        2,150
Changes in FVPL                                                             2,849                  448                   324          (140)     125        3,606
Net investment income (loss)                                                4,406                  796                   436            (64)    182        5,756


Investment income from bonds and mortgage and other loans includes interest income and premium and discount
amortization. Income from shares includes dividends and distributions from equity investment funds and gains realized on
deconsolidation of subsidiaries and investment funds. Investment properties income includes rental income earned on
investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and subleased land, fee recoveries, lease cancellation income,
and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other income includes foreign exchange gains
and losses, income earned from derivative financial instruments and other miscellaneous income.




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                             A  83
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 5           INVESTMENTS IN JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The carrying values of the investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are as follows:
                                                                                  Jointly controlled corporations                                                                                   Associates
                                       March 31, 2024                                Parjointco            Other[1]      ChinaAMC                   Lion          Northleaf         Rockefeller         Other [1]    Total

                                       Carrying value,
                                        beginning of year                                3,717               564              1,535                 181                 302                845         1,008        8,152
                                        Acquisition and investments                           –               23                    –                   –                  –                   –           63          86
                                        Share of earnings (losses)                          54                 (3)                27                 (10)                  7                  (4)            4         75
                                        Changes in FVPL                                       –                  –                  –                   –                  –                   –             9          9
                                        Impairment                                            –                  –                  –                (20)                  –                   –             –        (20)
                                        Share of other comprehensive
                                          income (loss)                                      1                  6                   3                  (3)                 –                 19              7         33
                                        Dividends and distributions                           –                  –               (73)                   –                 (8)                  –             –        (81)
                                        Effects of changes in
                                          ownership and other                                8                 (7)                  –                   –                  –                   –           14          15
                                       Carrying value, end of period                     3,780               583              1,492                 148                 301                860         1,105        8,269
                                       [1] Includes investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
                                           to be measured at FVPL of $921 million at March 31, 2024 ($832 million at December 31, 2023).



                                                                                  Jointly controlled corporations                                                                                   Associates
                                       March 31, 2023                                Parjointco            Other [1]     ChinaAMC                   Lion          Northleaf         Rockefeller         Other [1]    Total

                                       Carrying value,
                                        beginning of year                                3,314               443              1,570                 234                 285                    –         670        6,516
                                        Acquisition and investments                           –               75                    –                   –                  –                   –             5         80
                                        Share of earnings (losses)                          19                 (7)                30                  (6)                  5                   –            (4)        37
                                        Changes in FVPL                                       –                (9)                  –                   –                  –                   –             5         (4)
                                        Share of other comprehensive
                                          income (loss)                                    212                  3                   5                   –                  –                   –             3       223
                                        Dividends and distributions                           –                (1)               (69)                   –                  –                   –             –        (70)
                                         Effects of changes in
                                           ownership and other                              37                  1                   –                   –                  –                   –             2         40
                                       Carrying value, end of period                     3,582               505              1,536                 228                 290                    –         681        6,822
                                       [1] Includes investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
                                           to be measured at FVPL of $698 million at March 31, 2023 ($697 million at December 31, 2022).


                                       LION ELECTRIC CO.
                                       In the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $20 million on its investment in Lion
                                       reflecting a decline in the market value at March 31, 2024. At March 31, 2024, the fair value of the Corporation’s interest in
                                       Lion was $148 million ($181 million at December 31, 2023), based on the quoted market price.




                                             A  84                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 6           SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES




                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following presents details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
requirements of each region of Lifeco’s operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:

INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                         March 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                                                             2024                 2023

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                  16,457                 15,024
Bonds                                                                                                                                      71,112                 72,111
Mortgage loans                                                                                                                               2,041                 2,022
Shares and units in unit trusts                                                                                                           139,046               130,415
Mutual funds                                                                                                                              204,781               188,549
Investment properties                                                                                                                      11,945                 12,071
                                                                                                                                          445,382               420,192
Accrued income                                                                                                                                 921                   832
Other liabilities                                                                                                                           (4,160)               (4,138)
Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                         7,180                 6,070
Total [1]                                                                                                                                 449,323               422,956

[1] At March 31, 2024, $66,868 million of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by Lifeco on a modified co-insurance basis ($64,097 million
    at December 31, 2023). Included in this amount are $141 million of cash and cash equivalents, $10,761 million of bonds, $18 million of shares and units in unit trusts,
    $55,866 million of mutual funds, $81 million of accrued income and $1 million of other assets.


INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                           Three months ended March 31,
                                                                                                                                              2024                  2023

Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                422,956               387,882
Additions (deductions):
 Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                     12,473                 14,905
 Net investment income                                                                                                                         993                   861
 Net realized capital gains on investments                                                                                                   2,281                    65
 Net unrealized capital gains on investments                                                                                               20,037                 14,724
 Unrealized gains due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                   3,202                 1,953
 Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                                  (13,737)              (14,028)
 Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                            2                    13
 Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                                            (1)                    2
 Net transfer (to) from general fund                                                                                                             7                    37
 Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                        1,110                (1,268)
                                                                                                                                           26,367                 17,264
Balance, end of period                                                                                                                    449,323               405,146




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                A  85
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 6 SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                       (by fair value hierarchy level)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     March 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                Level 1               Level 2              Level 3            Total

                                       Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                      [1]
                                                                                                                                                             324,213                114,510                13,861          452,584
                                       [1] Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $3,261 million.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                  December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                                                Level 1               Level 2              Level 3            Total

                                       Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                      [1]
                                                                                                                                                             299,451                113,199                13,792          426,442
                                       [1] Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $3,486 million.

                                       During 2024, certain foreign equity holdings valued at $192 million were transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 ($56 million were
                                       transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2023), primarily based on Lifeco’s change in use of inputs in addition to
                                       quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign equity holdings. Level 2 assets include the assets where fair value is not
                                       available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition to quoted prices in active markets and
                                       where Lifeco does not have access to the underlying asset details within an investment fund.
                                       The following presents additional information about Lifeco’s investments on account of segregated fund policyholders for
                                       which Lifeco has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:
                                                                                                                                                                                                      March 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                          2024              2023

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                                      13,792               14,455
                                        Total losses included in segregated fund investment income                                                                                                        (180)             (1,073)
                                        Purchases                                                                                                                                                         190                  795
                                        Sales                                                                                                                                                              (33)               (445)
                                        Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                                                              93                 350
                                        Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                                                            (1)               (290)
                                       Balance, end of period                                                                                                                                          13,861               13,792


                                       Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of
                                       Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
                                       market prices with multiple pricing vendors.




                                             A  86                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 7           INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD




                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
INSURANCE CONTRACT (ASSETS) LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                  Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                            Estimates of              Risk
                                                                                           present value       adjustment
                                                                                                of future for non-financial
March 31, 2024                                                                                cash flows               risk            CSM       PAA             Total
Assets                                                                                            (6,700)                 1,634       3,880       (96)      (1,282)
Liabilities                                                                                     116,554                   5,236      10,264    12,964      145,018
Liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                           62,468                      –            –        –       62,468
                                                                                                172,322                   6,870      14,144    12,868      206,204


                                                                                                                  Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                            Estimates of              Risk
                                                                                           present value       adjustment
                                                                                                of future for non-financial
December 31, 2023                                                                             cash flows               risk            CSM       PAA             Total
Assets                                                                                            (6,560)                 1,654       3,796       (83)      (1,193)
Liabilities                                                                                     115,794                   5,372       9,952    13,270      144,388
Liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                           60,302                      –            –        –       60,302
                                                                                                169,536                   7,026      13,748    13,187      203,497


REINSURANCE CONTRACT HELD ASSETS (LIABILITIES)
                                                                                                                  Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                            Estimates of              Risk
                                                                                           present value       adjustment
                                                                                                of future for non-financial
March 31, 2024                                                                                cash flows               risk            CSM       PAA             Total
Assets                                                                                            15,966                   853          456      132        17,407
Liabilities                                                                                       (2,118)                  838          641       (40)           (679)
                                                                                                  13,848                  1,691       1,097       92        16,728


                                                                                                                  Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                            Estimates of              Risk
                                                                                           present value       adjustment
                                                                                                of future for non-financial
December 31, 2023                                                                             cash flows               risk            CSM       PAA             Total
Assets                                                                                            16,181                   866          163      122        17,332
Liabilities                                                                                       (2,419)                  863          950       (42)           (648)
                                                                                                  13,762                  1,729       1,113       80        16,684




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                  A  87
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 7        INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       DISCOUNT RATES
                                       The following tables provide the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by Lifeco to discount liability cash
                                       flows by major currency:
                                       March 31, 2024                                                       Year 1              Year 5             Year 10             Year 20    Year 30   Year 50
                                                 Lower                                                       5.9%                4.8%                4.8%                4.8%      4.7%      4.7%
                                       CAD
                                                 Upper                                                       6.4%                5.2%                5.3%                5.2%      5.1%      5.1%
                                                 Lower                                                       5.9%                5.1%                5.1%                5.5%      5.2%      4.9%
                                       USD
                                                 Upper                                                       6.3%                5.6%                5.6%                6.0%      5.7%      5.2%
                                                 Lower                                                       3.4%                2.4%                2.4%                2.6%      3.0%      4.3%
                                       EUR
                                                 Upper                                                       4.9%                3.9%                3.9%                4.1%      4.2%      4.5%
                                                 Lower                                                       5.1%                4.2%                4.4%                4.9%      4.9%      4.0%
                                       GBP
                                                 Upper                                                       6.0%                5.2%                5.3%                5.9%      5.9%      5.0%


                                       December 31, 2023                                                    Year 1              Year 5             Year 10             Year 20    Year 30   Year 50
                                                 Lower                                                      6.0%                4.5%                4.4%                 4.3%      4.2%      4.5%
                                       CAD
                                                 Upper                                                      6.4%                4.9%                4.9%                 4.9%      4.8%      4.9%
                                                 Lower                                                      5.7%                4.8%                4.8%                 5.3%      4.9%      4.7%
                                       USD
                                                 Upper                                                      6.1%                5.2%                5.3%                 5.8%      5.4%      5.0%
                                                 Lower                                                      3.2%                2.1%                2.2%                 2.5%      2.9%      4.3%
                                       EUR
                                                 Upper                                                      4.8%                3.6%                3.8%                 4.1%      4.2%      4.5%
                                                 Lower                                                      4.9%                3.8%                4.0%                 4.7%      4.6%      3.7%
                                       GBP
                                                 Upper                                                      5.9%                4.8%                5.1%                 5.7%      5.6%      4.7%


                                       The spot rates in the tables above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets. When
                                       interest rates are not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a risk-free
                                       rate and illiquidity premium. These amounts are set based on historical data.




                                             A  88                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 7        INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CSM
The continuity of the CSM of Lifeco by business is as follows:

                                                                                            Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                            Participating
                                                                                                                                                                 account
                                                                                                                        Capital                                surplus in
                                                                                        United                         and Risk               Segregated          Lifeco’s
For the three months ended March 31, 2024                             Canada            States         Europe         Solutions       Total        funds     subsidiaries [1]        Total [2]

CSM, beginning of year                                                 1,159                24           3,255           1,745       6,183        3,298            3,154           12,635
 CSM recognized for services provided                                      (34)              (1)            (67)             (38)     (140)         (102)             (37)           (279)
 Contracts initially recognized in the period                               12                –            107                   8    127            44                24               195
 Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                   21               (1)            (31)                 1     (10)         168              266                424
 Net finance (income) expenses from
   insurance contracts                                                       8                –              18              10         36            (4)                –              32
 Effect of movement in exchange rates                                         –               1              25              10         36             –                4               40
CSM, end of period                                                      1,166               23           3,307            1,736      6,232        3,404            3,411           13,047
[1] Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
[2] The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.



                                                                                            Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                            Participating
                                                                                                                                                                 account
                                                                                                                        Capital                                surplus in
                                                                                        United                         and Risk               Segregated          Lifeco’s
For the year ended December 31, 2023                                  Canada            States         Europe         Solutions       Total        funds     subsidiaries [1]        Total [2]

CSM, beginning of year                                                 1,264                41           2,771           1,796       5,872        3,557            3,694           13,123
 CSM recognized for services provided                                    (143)               (4)          (234)            (154)      (535)        (430)            (157)          (1,122)
 Contracts initially recognized in the year                                41                 –            284               49       374           181              111                666
 Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                  (40)            (12)            325                   –    273           (37)            (490)            (254)
 Net finance (income) expenses from
   insurance contracts                                                     37                 –             49               37       123            16                  –              139
 Effect of movement in exchange rates                                        –               (1)            60               17         76           11                (4)              83
CSM, end of year                                                       1,159                24           3,255           1,745       6,183        3,298            3,154           12,635
[1] Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
[2] The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.



NOTE 8            POWER CORPORATION’S DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                                                                                    March 31,                December 31,
                                                                                                                                                        2024                       2023

POWER CORPORATION
Debentures – unsecured
 8.57% debentures due April 22, 2039                                                                                                                        150                         150
 4.81% debentures due January 31, 2047                                                                                                                      249                         249
 4.455% debentures due July 27, 2048                                                                                                                        248                         248

Total Power Corporation                                                                                                                                     647                         647


The Corporation has a line of credit of $500 million bearing interest at Adjusted Term SOFR plus 0.70%. At March 31, 2024
and December 31, 2023, the Corporation was not using its line of credit.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                  A  89
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 9            NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       A) POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM
                                       The following table presents the debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM. The
                                       6.90% debentures of Power Financial are direct obligations of Power Financial and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All
                                       debentures and other debt instruments of Lifeco and its subsidiaries are direct obligations of Lifeco or its subsidiaries, as
                                       applicable, and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All of the debentures of IGM are direct obligations of IGM and are non-
                                       recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2024          2023

                                       POWER FINANCIAL
                                       Debentures – unsecured
                                          6.90% debentures due March 11, 2033                                                                                                                         250            250

                                       Total Power Financial                                                                                                                                          250            250

                                       LIFECO
                                       Debentures and senior bonds – unsecured
                                         1.75% senior bonds due December 7, 2026 (€500 million) [1]                                                                                                   728            728
                                         3.337% debentures due February 28, 2028                                                                                                                      499            499
                                         6.40% subordinated debentures due December 11, 2028                                                                                                          100            100
                                         4.70% senior bonds due November 16, 2029 (€500 million) [1]                                                                                                  726            726
                                         2.379% debentures due May 14, 2030                                                                                                                           598            598
                                         6.74% debentures due November 24, 2031                                                                                                                       196            196
                                         6.67% debentures due March 21, 2033                                                                                                                          396            395
                                         5.998% debentures due November 16, 2039                                                                                                                      343            343
                                         2.981% debentures due July 8, 2050                                                                                                                           494            494
                                         7.529% capital trust debentures due June 30, 2052 (face value of $150 million)                                                                               156            156
                                                                                                                                                                                                    4,236          4,235
                                       Other debt instruments – unsecured
                                        Commercial paper and other short-term debt instruments with interest rate of 5.603%
                                          (5.729% at December 31, 2023)                                                                                                                               134            132
                                        Revolving credit facility with interest equal to Adjusted Term SOFR
                                          (US$45 million at December 31, 2023)                                                                                                                           –            60
                                        0.904% senior notes due August 12, 2025 (US$500 million)                                                                                                      674            663
                                        1.357% senior notes due September 17, 2027 (US$400 million)                                                                                                   538            530
                                        4.047% senior notes due May 17, 2028 (US$300 million)                                                                                                         404            398
                                        1.776% senior notes due March 17, 2031 (US$400 million)                                                                                                       538            530
                                        4.15% senior notes due June 3, 2047 (US$700 million)                                                                                                          931            917
                                        4.581% senior notes due May 17, 2048 (US$500 million)                                                                                                         669            659
                                        3.075% senior notes due September 17, 2051 (US$700 million)                                                                                                   935            922
                                                                                                                                                                                                    4,823          4,811

                                       Total Lifeco                                                                                                                                                 9,059          9,046
                                       [1] Designated by Lifeco as hedges of the net investment in foreign operations.




                                             A  90                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 9      NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                           March 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                               2024          2023

IGM FINANCIAL
Debentures – unsecured
  3.44% debentures due January 26, 2027                                                                                         400             400
  6.65% debentures due December 13, 2027                                                                                        125             125
  7.45% debentures due May 9, 2031                                                                                              150             150
  7.00% debentures due December 31, 2032                                                                                        175             175
  7.11% debentures due March 7, 2033                                                                                            150             150
  6.00% debentures due December 10, 2040                                                                                        200             200
  4.56% debentures due January 25, 2047                                                                                         200             200
  4.115% debentures due December 9, 2047                                                                                        250             250
  4.174% debentures due July 13, 2048                                                                                           200             200
  4.206% debentures due March 21, 2050                                                                                          250             250
  5.426% debentures due May 26, 2053                                                                                            300             300
Debentures of IGM held by Lifeco as investments                                                                                 (88)            (88)

Total IGM                                                                                                                     2,312          2,312

Total Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                                                                       11,621          11,608


CHANGES IN DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM
The table below details changes in the debentures and other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both
cash and non-cash changes:
                                                                                                                           March 31,      March 31,
                                                                                                                               2024           2023

Balance, beginning of the year                                                                                              11,608          12,771
  Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                            (60)          (230)
  Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                    73              32
Balance, end of period                                                                                                      11,621          12,573




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                A  91
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 9       NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       B) ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER – PROJECT AND OTHER DEBT
                                       The following table presents the other debt instruments held by alternative asset investment platforms and other. All other
                                       debt instruments are credit or loan facilities that are direct obligations, and secured by the assets, of subsidiaries of the
                                       Corporation and are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                                                                                                                       March 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                           2024          2023

                                       OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS
                                       Investment Funds and Other – secured
                                         Revolving credit facility up to $10 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.15%                                                            8              3
                                         Revolving credit facility up to US$75 million, with interest equal to the U.S. base rate minus 0.35%
                                          (US$51 million) (US$63 million at December 31, 2023)                                                                                               69             84
                                         Revolving credit facility up to $100 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 1%                                                             25               –
                                         Revolving credit facility up to US$75 million, with interest equal to SOFR plus 1.8% (US$42 million)                                                58               –
                                         Revolving credit facility up to $525 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.6%,
                                          U.S. base rate plus 0.6% or SOFR plus 1.6% ($55 million and US$170 million)
                                          (US$160 million at December 31, 2023)                                                                                                             284            211
                                         Revolving credit facility up to $12 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.25%                                                            4              1
                                         Revolving credit facility up to $14 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.25%                                                            3               –
                                       Renewable Energy – Project debt – secured
                                         Construction loan facilities due from August 2025 to December 2043, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 4.02% to 4.72%, SOFR plus 2.25% and U.S. base rate plus 1.25%
                                          ($515 million and US$243 million) ($518 million and US$220 million at December 31, 2023)                                                          844            809
                                         Loan facilities due from June 2024 to December 2037, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 3.33% to 6.0%                                                                                                                  515            521
                                         Loan facilities due from May 2027 to December 2059, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 3.62% to 6.50% and prime rate plus 1.5% ($632 million and US$17 million)
                                          ($639 million and US$19 million at December 31, 2023)                                                                                             655            664
                                         Loan facilities due from June 2025 to March 2048, bearing interest at various rates from 2.73% to
                                          6.89% and SOFR plus 2.25% (US$313 million) (US$307 million at December 31, 2023)                                                                  423            405
                                         Mezzanine loans due from January 2035 to June 2035, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 7.36% to 7.5%                                                                                                                   90             91
                                       Standalone Businesses – secured
                                         Revolving credit facility and term loan facilities due in November 2025 bearing interest at
                                          various rates equal to U.S. base rate or prime rate plus margin from 1.0% to 3.25%, or bankers’
                                          acceptances or SOFR plus margin from 2.0% to 4.25%                                                                                                170            163
                                         Subordinated term facility of $65 million, bearing interest at 12.0%, principal and accrued interest
                                          payable at maturity in June 2026                                                                                                                   66             65

                                       Total alternative asset investment platforms and other                                                                                             3,214          3,017


                                       CHANGES IN OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND
                                       OTHER
                                       The table below details changes in the other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-
                                       cash changes:
                                                                                                                                                                                       March 31,      March 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                           2024           2023

                                       Balance, beginning of the year                                                                                                                     3,017          1,956
                                         Acquisitions                                                                                                                                          –            64
                                         Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                                                 255            508
                                         Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                                 (76)          (147)
                                         Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                                         18              (7)
                                       Balance, end of period                                                                                                                             3,214          2,374




                                            A  92                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 10 SHARE CAPITAL




                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
AUTHORIZED
The authorized capital of Power Corporation consists of an unlimited number of First Preferred Shares, issuable in series; an
unlimited number of Participating Preferred Shares; and an unlimited number of Subordinate Voting Shares.

ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING
                                                                                                                       March 31, 2024                    December 31, 2023
                                                                                                    Number                      Share        Number                  Share
                                                                                                    of shares                  capital       of shares              capital
                                                                                                                                    $                                    $
Non-Participating Shares
First Preferred Shares
  Non-cumulative Redeemable, fixed rate
    Series A                                                                                     6,000,000                       150       6,000,000                   150
    Series B                                                                                     8,000,000                       200       8,000,000                   200
    Series C                                                                                     6,000,000                       150       6,000,000                   150
    Series D                                                                                   10,000,000                        250      10,000,000                   250
    Series G                                                                                     8,000,000                       200       8,000,000                   200

Total Non-Participating Shares                                                                                                   950                                   950

Participating Shares
Participating Preferred Shares                                                                 54,860,866                        233      54,860,866                   233
Subordinate Voting Shares
 Balance, beginning of year                                                                   597,387,873                      9,051     612,219,731                9,253
   Issued under Stock Option Plan                                                                  241,417                          8      1,273,542                   42
   Purchased for cancellation under Normal Course Issuer Bid                                    (2,519,700)                       (38)   (16,105,400)                (244)
 Balance, end of period                                                                       595,109,590                      9,021     597,387,873                9,051

Total Participating Shares                                                                                                     9,254                                9,284




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                       A  93
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 10     SHARE CAPITAL (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Participating Shares
                                       During the three months ended March 31, 2024, 241,417 Subordinate Voting Shares were issued under the Corporation’s
                                       Executive Stock Option Plan for a consideration of $8 million (113,902 Subordinate Voting Shares issued for the three months
                                       ended March 31, 2023 for a consideration of $3 million).
                                       During the three months ended March 31, 2024, dividends declared on the Corporation’s participating shares amounted to
                                       $0.5625 per share ($0.5250 per share in 2023).

                                       Normal Course Issuer Bids
                                       On March 1, 2023, the Corporation commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which was effective until February 29,
                                       2024. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, 2,138,000 Subordinate Voting Shares were purchased for cancellation
                                       by the Corporation pursuant to this NCIB for a total of $82 million (1,159,700 Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of
                                       $42 million during the three months ended March 31, 2023).
                                       On March 1, 2024, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2025 and the
                                       date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to
                                       this NCIB, the Corporation may purchase up to 25 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing
                                       approximately 4.6% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding as at February 16, 2024) at market prices.
                                       During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Corporation purchased for cancellation 381,700 Subordinate Voting
                                       Shares pursuant to this NCIB for a total of $15 million.
                                       In the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Corporation’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the
                                       shares repurchased for cancellation. The excess paid over the average carrying value of share capital was $59 million and was
                                       recognized as a reduction to retained earnings ($24 million during the three months ended March 31, 2023).
                                       In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
                                       parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
                                       NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
                                       self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
                                       NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion.
                                       Subsequent event
                                       Subsequent to quarter-end, the Corporation purchased, as of May 8, 2024, an additional 753,800 Subordinate Voting Shares
                                       pursuant to its current NCIB, for a total of $28 million.




                                           A  94                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 11 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
STOCK OPTION PLAN
On March 31, 2024, there were 20,641,076 Subordinate Voting Shares and 9,696,328 Subordinate Voting Shares reserved
for issuance under Power Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan and under Power Financial’s Employee Stock Option
Plan, assumed by Power Corporation (Stock Option Plans).
A summary of the status of the Corporation’s Stock Option Plans, including tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs), as at
March 31, 2024 and 2023, and changes during the respective periods then ended, is as follows:
                                                                                                                         March 31, 2024                                 March 31, 2023
                                                                                                                      Weighted-average                               Weighted-average
                                                                                                    Options               exercise price               Options           exercise price
                                                                                                                                      $                                                 $
Outstanding, beginning of year                                                                 23,532,731                        32.41             25,567,243                    31.86
 Granted                                                                                         1,292,486                       38.09              1,284,026                    34.54
 Exercised or surrendered for cash                                                              (1,106,886)                      31.23                (113,902)                  28.53
 Forfeited                                                                                                  –                         –                 (1,604)                  38.34
Outstanding, end of period                                                                     23,718,331                        32.77             26,735,763                    32.00

Options exercisable, end of period                                                             19,115,795                        32.01             19,946,449                    31.35


The exercise price of the 23,718,331 outstanding options ranges from $27.30 to $42.45.

TANDEM SHARE APPRECIATION RIGHTS
A summary of the status of the Corporation’s options with TSARs attached, as at March 31, 2024 and 2023, and changes
during the respective periods ended is as follows:
                                                                                                March 31, 2024                                                          March 31, 2023
                                                                    Weighted-average                   Fair value                              Weighted-average               Fair value
                                                        TSARs           exercise price                 of liability                 TSARs          exercise price             of liability
                                                                                       $                         $                                               $                      $
Outstanding, beginning of year                   10,606,606                      31.71                          67            12,646,606                  31.15                       39
 Surrendered for cash                               (865,469)                    31.10                          (6)                        –                     –                      –
 Change in fair value                                         –                        –                         1                         –                     –                    17
Outstanding, end of period                         9,741,137                     31.76                          62            12,646,606                  31.15                       56

TSARs exercisable, end of period                   9,741,137                     31.76                                        11,263,886                  31.00


The fair value of the outstanding cash-settled liability was $62 million at March 31, 2024 ($67 million at December 31, 2023)
and is recorded in other liabilities. The intrinsic value of this liability at March 31, 2024 was $61 million ($66 million at
December 31, 2023).
The fair value of the TSARs was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions:
                                                                                                                                                    March 31,               March 31,
                                                                                                                                                        2024                    2023

Dividend yield                                                                                                                                             5.4%                     5.7%
Expected volatility                                                                                                                              17.5% - 20.8%          15.5% – 22.8%
Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                            3.9% - 5.3%             3.3% – 5.0%
Expected life (years)                                                                                                                                0.1 – 5.0               0.1 – 6.0
Share price ($/share)                                                                                                                                   37.98                   34.54
Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                                              31.76                   31.15
Weighted-average fair value ($/option)                                                                                                                   6.39                     4.40

The Corporation entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of a portion of its cash-settled
share-based payments and related liability. For the three months ended March 31, 2024, a net loss of $1 million (a net loss of
$4 million in 2023) arising from the change in fair value of the liability, net of the gain on the remeasurement to fair value of
the derivative instrument, was included in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                   A  95
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 11     SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS
                                       During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Corporation granted 294,039 Restricted Share Units (RSUs) to an
                                       executive to assist in retention and further alignment of its interests with those of the shareholders. The fair value of the RSUs
                                       granted was measured based on the market value of the Corporation’s Subordinate Voting Shares at the grant date and vest
                                       on the basis of [i] 25% two years from the date of grant; [ii] 50% three years from the date of grant; and [iii] 25% four years
                                       from the date of grant. Additional RSUs are issued in respect to dividends declared on the Subordinate Voting Shares at the
                                       dividend payment date. Upon vesting, one Subordinate Voting Share will be issued for each vested RSU, and the amount
                                       accumulated in contributed surplus will be reclassified to share capital. At March 31, 2024, 294,039 RSUs were outstanding
                                       and have not vested.

                                       COMPENSATION EXPENSE
                                       During the three months ended March 31, 2024, Power Corporation granted 1,292,486 options (1,284,026 options were
                                       granted for the three months ended March 31, 2023) under its Executive Stock Option Plan. Options granted in the three
                                       months ended March 31, 2024 vest on the basis of [i] 50% three years from the date of grant; and [ii] 50% four years from the
                                       date of grant.
                                       The fair value of the options granted was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-
                                       average assumptions:
                                                                                                                                                                                   March 31,   March 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                       2024        2023

                                       Dividend yield                                                                                                                                   5.5%        5.9%
                                       Expected volatility                                                                                                                             18.6%       18.2%
                                       Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                          3.4%        2.7%
                                       Expected life (years)                                                                                                                            9.2         9.0
                                       Fair value ($/option)                                                                                                                           3.53        2.41
                                       Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                                     38.09       34.54

                                       The expected volatility has been estimated based on the historical volatility of the Corporation’s share price using the
                                       expected option life.
                                       Lifeco, IGM and Wealthsimple have also established stock option plans pursuant to which options may be granted to certain
                                       officers and employees. In addition, other subsidiaries of the Corporation have established share-based compensation plans.
                                       Compensation expense related to equity-settled stock option plans is recorded based on the fair value of the options or the
                                       fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date, amortized over the vesting period. For the three months ended March 31,
                                       2024, total compensation expense relating to the equity-settled stock options granted by the Corporation and its subsidiaries
                                       amounted to $9 million ($30 million in 2023), and was recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the statements
                                       of earnings.




                                           A  96                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 12 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
POWER CORPORATION
As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:
 provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
 provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies and
   other investments as opportunities arise;
 maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent
   capital;
 maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
 maintain available cash and cash equivalents at a minimum of two times fixed charges.
The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
to shareholders or issue capital.
The capital structure of the Corporation consists of debentures, non-participating shares, participating shareholders’ equity
and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-effective source of permanent capital.
The Corporation is a long-term investor and as such holds positions in long-term investments as well as cash and fixed income
securities for liquidity purposes.
The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
management.
The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements. However, Lifeco and certain of its
main subsidiaries, IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital
requirements and they manage their capital as described below.




                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  97
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 12 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       LIFECO
                                       Lifeco manages its capital on both a consolidated basis and at the individual operating subsidiary level. The primary objectives
                                       of Lifeco’s capital management strategy are:
                                        to maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
                                          regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
                                        to maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of Lifeco ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
                                        to provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholder value in the context of Lifeco’s operational risks and
                                          strategic plans.
                                       Management of Lifeco is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the
                                       capital plan.
                                       The target level of capitalization for Lifeco and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the probability
                                       of falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views expressed by
                                       various credit rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to Lifeco, and the desire to hold sufficient
                                       capital to be able to honour all policyholder and other obligations of Lifeco with a high degree of confidence.
                                       In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under
                                       the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries known as the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT). The
                                       LICAT ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital, defined by OSFI as the aggregate
                                       of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the sum of available capital, surplus allowance
                                       and eligible deposits. OSFI has established a supervisory target total ratio of 100%, and a supervisory minimum total ratio of
                                       90%. Canada Life’s consolidated LICAT ratio at March 31, 2024 was 129% (128% at December 31, 2023).
                                       Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of Lifeco are required to comply with local capital or solvency requirements
                                       in their respective jurisdictions.

                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       IGM’s capital management objective is to maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that IGM is capitalized in a manner
                                       which appropriately supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs and business expansion. IGM’s capital
                                       management practices are focused on preserving the quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid capital base and
                                       a strong balance sheet. IGM regularly assesses its capital management practices in response to changing economic
                                       conditions.
                                       IGM’s capital is primarily used in its ongoing business operations to support working capital requirements, long-term
                                       investments made by IGM, business expansion and other strategic objectives.
                                       The IGM subsidiaries that are subject to regulatory capital requirements include investment dealers, mutual fund dealers,
                                       exempt market dealers, portfolio managers, investment fund managers and a trust company. These IGM subsidiaries are
                                       required to maintain minimum levels of capital based on either working capital, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At March 31,
                                       2024, IGM subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.

                                       ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
                                       Certain subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements, including portfolio managers, asset managers and an
                                       order-execution-only broker. These subsidiaries are required to maintain levels of capital based on their working capital,
                                       liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At March 31, 2024, these subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.




                                           A  98                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT




                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation and its subsidiaries have established policies, guidelines and procedures designed to identify, measure,
monitor, report and mitigate risks associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related to
financial instruments are liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk.
 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Corporation and its subsidiaries would not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as
   they come due or be able to, in a timely manner, raise capital or monetize assets at normal market conditions.
 Credit risk is the potential for financial loss to the Corporation and its subsidiaries if a counterparty in a transaction fails to
   meet its payment obligations. Credit risk can be related to the default of a single debt issuer, the variation of credit spreads
   on tradable fixed income securities and also to counterparty risk relating to derivative products.
 Market risk is the risk that the market value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and
   investment contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors. Market factors include three types of
   risks: foreign exchange risk, interest rate (including inflation) risk and equity risk.
    Foreign exchange risk relates to the Corporation, its subsidiaries and its jointly controlled corporations and associates
     operating in different currencies and converting non-Canadian investments and earnings at different points in time at
     different foreign exchange levels when adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates occur.
    Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate following changes in the interest rates.
    Equity risk is the potential loss associated with the sensitivity of the market price of a financial instrument arising from
     volatility in equity markets.
Estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures are included for certain risks, such as the sensitivity due to specific
changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ significantly from
these estimates for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, changes in the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ asset or
liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, difference in the actual exposure
relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Corporation and its
subsidiaries’ internal models.
For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Corporation cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on
net earnings will be as indicated.
The following is a summary of risks in respect to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ financial instruments and insurance
contracts. In the first section below, the risk management policies and procedures of Power Corporation, Power Financial and
the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and other (other subsidiaries) are discussed. Risks related to Lifeco
and IGM are discussed in subsequent sections. For a more detailed discussion, refer to Note 24 to the Corporation’s
Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023.




                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4        A  99
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       P OWER CORP ORA TION, POWER FINANCIAL AND A LTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT
                                       P LA TFORMS AND OTHER

                                       LIQUIDITY RISK
                                       As a holding company, the Corporation’s ability to pay dividends is dependent upon the Corporation receiving dividends
                                       from its principal operating subsidiaries and other investments. Lifeco and its subsidiaries are subject to restrictions set out in
                                       relevant corporate and insurance laws and regulations, which require that solvency and capital ratios be maintained. IGM’s
                                       subsidiaries are also subject to minimum capital requirements. Regulatory requirements may change from time to time, and
                                       thereby impact the ability of the operating subsidiaries to pay dividends. The declaration and payment of dividends by the
                                       Corporation in future periods remains at the discretion of its Board of Directors and is dependent on the operating
                                       performance, profitability, financial position and creditworthiness of its operating subsidiaries and other investments, as well
                                       as on their ability to pay dividends.
                                       Power Corporation and Power Financial believe their ongoing cash flows from operations, available cash balances and
                                       liquidity available through their lines of credit are sufficient to address their liquidity needs.

                                       MARKET RISK
                                       Power Corporation and Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ financial instruments are comprised of cash and cash
                                       equivalents, fixed income securities, other investments (consisting of equity securities, other loans, investment funds and
                                       hedge funds), derivatives and debentures and other debt instruments.

                                       Equity risk
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries held other investments either classified as FVOCI or FVPL. All
                                       unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred
                                       directly to retained earnings on realization. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly
                                       in net earnings. As at March 31, 2024, the Corporation did not have investments classified as FVOCI. At March 31, 2024, the
                                       impact of a 10% decrease in the value of other investments held by Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries
                                       would have resulted in an approximate $245 million loss ($230 million at December 31, 2023) recorded in net earnings
                                       related to investments classified as FVPL, including investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates measured at
                                       FVPL.
                                       GBL holds a portfolio of investments which are classified as FVOCI or FVPL. All unrealized gains and losses on investments
                                       classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred directly to retained earnings on realization.
                                       Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly in net earnings. As at March 31, 2024, the
                                       impact of a 10% decrease in equity markets would have resulted in an approximate $260 million unrealized loss ($265 million
                                       at December 31, 2023) to be recorded in other comprehensive income related to investments classified as FVOCI and a
                                       $80 million loss ($75 million at December 31, 2023) recorded in net earnings related to investments classified as FVPL,
                                       representing the Corporation’s share of Parjointco’s unrealized losses.
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ exposure and management of liquidity risk, credit risk and market
                                       risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2023.




                                           A  100                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
LIFECO
The risk committee of the board of directors of Lifeco is responsible for the oversight of Lifeco’s key risks. Lifeco has
established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report material risks associated
with financial instruments and insurance contracts. Lifeco’s approach to risk management has not changed significantly since
December 31, 2023. A summary of the risks is presented below. For a more detailed discussion of Lifeco’s risk governance
structure and risk management approach, refer to the Risk Management note in the Corporation’s December 31, 2023
financial statements.

LIQUIDITY RISK
Lifeco has the following policies and procedures in place to manage liquidity risk:
 Management of Lifeco closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and
   forecasting earned and required yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets.
 Management of Lifeco closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity
   requirements at the holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital
   market transactions. Lifeco maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks.

CREDIT RISK
Concentrations of Credit Risk
Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single debtor, a group of related debtors or groups of debtors that
have similar credit risk characteristics in that they operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The
characteristics of such debtors are similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to
meet obligations as they come due. No significant changes have occurred from the year ended December 31, 2023.

Expected Credit Losses
The majority of Lifeco’s financial assets are measured at FVTPL and therefore are not subject to the ECL model. The ECL model
only applies to FVOCI and amortized cost fixed income investments. The ECL allowance at Lifeco was $36 million at March 31,
2024, of which $5 million was Stage 1, $27 million was Stage 2 and $4 million was Stage 3 ($37 million at December 31, 2023,
of which $4 million was Stage 1, $29 million was Stage 2 and $4 million was Stage 3).

Credit Impact on Financial Assets Designated as FVPL
The carrying value of Lifeco’s portfolio investments designated as FVPL represents the maximum exposure to credit risk for
those assets. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these assets is generally insignificant in the
absence of significant credit events occurring on specific assets. For the three months ended March 31, 2024, there were no
fair value losses ($4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023) related to significant credit events occurring on
Lifeco’s assets designated as FVTPL reflected in the statements of earnings.

MARKET RISK
Foreign exchange risk
If the assets backing insurance and investment contract liabilities are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange
rates can expose Lifeco to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
 A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
   insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount, resulting in
   an immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
   would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets
   by approximately the same amount, resulting in an immaterial immediate change to net earnings.
Lifeco has net investments in foreign operations. Lifeco’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian dollars, euros and
U.S. dollars. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations,
net of related hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in other comprehensive income. Strengthening or weakening
of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates impacts Lifeco’s total equity.
Correspondingly, Lifeco’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies are also impacted.




                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  101
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Interest rate risk
                                       The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate Lifeco’s exposure to interest rate risk:
                                        Lifeco manages its interest rate risk by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
                                        Lifeco uses a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund assets
                                          and liabilities into each of its segments. Assets in each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment.
                                        For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets
                                          or investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available to
                                          match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-fixed
                                          income assets while the rest are duration matched.
                                        Hedging instruments are utilized when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
                                          exposure to interest rate changes.
                                        To the extent assets and liabilities cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any
                                          change in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
                                        For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash flows
                                          of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and other non-fixed income assets.
                                        The risks associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of
                                          asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.
                                       The impact to net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of financial assets
                                       supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value of insurance
                                       and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net earnings under IFRS 17, Insurance
                                       Contracts (IFRS 17) and IFRS 9, Financial Instruments (IFRS 9).
                                       Lifeco’s asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of general
                                       fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in the net earnings. Further, the classification of
                                       financial assets under IFRS 9, such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdom, which are valued at amortized cost and held in
                                       the general fund assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings.
                                       The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates is
                                       illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
                                       Change in market yield curves
                                                                                                                                                           March 31, 2024                          December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                             Increase             Decrease                 Increase          Decrease
                                                                                                                                      50 basis points       50 basis points         50 basis points    50 basis points
                                                                                                                                        interest rates        interest rates          interest rates     interest rates

                                       Net earnings                                                                                               150                  (200)                   175               (225)
                                       Equity                                                                                                     125                  (200)                   150               (225)


                                       Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
                                       positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates in Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom and are
                                       positively impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary
                                       by the level of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the
                                       estimated impact of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
                                       The potential impact on the net earnings does not take into account any future potential changes to Lifeco’s ultimate
                                       investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the sensitivity of net earnings to a
                                       10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $25 million or a decrease of
                                       $25 million post-tax, respectively.




                                           A  102                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is
illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
Change in credit spreads
                                                                                                                                   March 31, 2024                    December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                       Increase         Decrease             Increase           Decrease
                                                                                                                 50 basis points   50 basis points     50 basis points     50 basis points
                                                                                                                 credit spreads    credit spreads      credit spreads      credit spreads

Net earnings                                                                                                                225             (300)                300                (375)
Equity                                                                                                                      275             (375)                350                (450)


Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes
in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the
IFRS 17 discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that
may arise from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities above.

Equity risk
Lifeco has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent investment in equity markets with clearly defined
limits to mitigate price risk. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime Guaranteed Minimum
Withdrawal Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency forwards and interest
rate derivatives.
Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common shares
and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
equities, and equity-release mortgages. Net earnings will reflect changes in the value of non-fixed income assets. However,
in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income
assets. Under current market conditions, there are no earnings impacts to Lifeco on segregated fund business that it does not
hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are fully offset within the CSM. For segregated fund business that Lifeco hedges,
there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability versus the change in hedge assets.
On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam Investments and currently holds approximately 31,600,000 Franklin
Templeton common shares as part of the consideration, which are classified as FVOCI. Lifeco will hold a majority of these
shares for a minimum five-year period.
The following table provides information on the expected immediate impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or
decrease in the value of publicly traded common shares on net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
Change in publicly traded common share values
                                                                                                       March 31, 2024 [1]                                            December 31, 2023
                                                                       Increase                             Decrease                          Increase                          Decrease
                                                         20%               10%                 10%              20%                20%            10%               10%             20%

Net earnings                                             175                  75                (75)             (175)             225               100           (100)             (225)
Equity                                                   675                325               (325)              (675)             525               250           (250)             (525)
[1] The net impact of the sale of Putnam Investments and the receipt of Franklin Templeton common shares is reflected in the March 31, 2024 values in the table above. The
    Franklin Templeton common shares are measured at FVOCI and therefore unrealized gains and losses do not impact net earnings. The after-tax impact on equity of the
    Franklin Templeton common shares is approximately $100 million for every 10% change in the common share equity value.



The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the
value of other non-fixed income assets on the net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
Change in other non-fixed income asset values
                                                                                                     March 31, 2024                                                 December 31, 2023
                                                                       Increase                             Decrease                          Increase                          Decrease
                                                         10%                5%                  5%              10%                10%             5%                5%             10%

Net earnings                                             400                200               (200)              (425)             400               200           (200)             (425)
Equity                                                   425                225               (225)              (450)             450               225           (225)             (450)




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                              A  103
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       The risk committee of the board of IGM is responsible for assisting the board of directors of IGM in reviewing and overseeing
                                       the risk governance structure and risk management program of IGM.
                                       The risk management policies and procedures of IGM are discussed in the IGM section of the Corporation’s Management’s
                                       Discussion and Analysis (Part C) for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and in Note 24 to the Corporation’s Consolidated
                                       Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 and have not changed significantly since December 31, 2023.

                                       LIQUIDITY RISK
                                       IGM’s liquidity profile is structured to ensure it has sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective requirements in both
                                       normal and stressed conditions. IGM’s liquidity management practices include:
                                        Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near-term liquidity needs.
                                        Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management processes.
                                        Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
                                        Regular assessment of capital market conditions and IGM’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
                                        Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage funding sources.
                                        Oversight of liquidity and funding risks by the financial risk management committee, a committee of finance and other IGM
                                          business leaders.

                                       A key liquidity requirement for IGM is the funding of advisor network compensation paid for the distribution of financial
                                       products and services. This compensation continues to be paid from operating cash flows.
                                       IGM believes its cash flows from operations, available cash balances and liquidity available through its lines of credit are
                                       sufficient to meet its liquidity needs. IGM’s liquidity position and its management of liquidity and funding risk have not
                                       changed materially since December 31, 2023.

                                       CREDIT RISK
                                       IGM’s cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage portfolios and derivatives are subject to credit risk. IGM
                                       monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.
                                       IGM’s allowance for expected credit losses was $1 million at March 31, 2024, unchanged from December 31, 2023, and is
                                       considered adequate by IGM’s management to absorb all credit-related losses in the mortgage portfolios based on:
                                       i) historical credit performance experience; ii) recent trends including increasing interest rates; iii) current portfolio credit
                                       metrics and other relevant characteristics; iv) its strong financial planning relationship with its clients; and v) stress testing of
                                       losses under adverse real estate market conditions.
                                       IGM’s exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents, fixed income securities and mortgage
                                       portfolios have not changed materially since December 31, 2023.




                                           A  104                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 14 INSURANCE REVENUE




                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                          Three months ended March 31,
                                                                                                                            2024                 2023

Contracts not measured under the PAA
Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining coverage
 Experience adjustments                                                                                                       (9)                 (14)
 CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                        310                  307
 Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                                           152                  149
 Expected incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                                                             2,332                2,243
 Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                                143                  138
                                                                                                                           2,928                2,823
Contracts measured under the PAA                                                                                           2,322                2,214
Total insurance revenue                                                                                                    5,250                5,037



NOTE 15 RESTRUCTURING AND INTEGRATION EXPENSES

LIFECO
Canada Restructuring
Lifeco recorded a restructuring provision of $23 million in Canada for the three months ended March 31, 2024. The
restructuring is related to the transitioning of some of the information technology operations functions to a managed service
arrangement with an external provider. As at March 31, 2024, Lifeco has a provision of $23 million remaining in other liabilities
related to this restructuring and expects to utilize a significant portion of these amounts during 2024.

Empower Restructuring and Integration
Lifeco recorded a restructuring provision of $17 million in the United States for the three months ended March 31, 2024
($5 million in 2023). The restructuring is primarily attributable to staff reductions and other exit costs related to Lifeco's
acquisition of the retirement services businesses of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and Prudential Financial,
Inc. (Prudential). At March 31, 2024, Lifeco has a provision of $19 million remaining in other liabilities related to this
restructuring ($7 million at December 31, 2023). Lifeco expects to pay out a significant portion of these amounts during the
year and to incur further restructuring and integration expenses associated with the Prudential acquisition during the year.
Lifeco recorded integration expenses in the statements of earnings of $28 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024
($26 million in 2023).

POWER SUSTAINABLE MANAGER INC.
In the first quarter of 2024, Power Sustainable Manager Inc. realigned its strategies, which included a strategic decision to
wind down its China public equity strategy and close its investment management operations in China. Power Sustainable
Manager Inc. recorded a restructuring provision of $12 million in the three months ended March 31, 2024, a significant
portion of which is expected to be paid in 2024.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                  A  105
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 16 INCOME TAXES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                       The components of income tax expense (recovery) recognized in net earnings are:
                                                                                                                                                                                Three months ended March 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                    2024               2023

                                       Current taxes                                                                                                                                269                 300
                                       Deferred taxes                                                                                                                                (35)              (180)
                                                                                                                                                                                    234                 120


                                       EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE
                                       The effective income tax rate for the Corporation for the three months ended March 31, 2024 was 15.8%, compared with
                                       16.2% for the three months ended March 31, 2023.
                                       The effective income tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2024 is lower than the effective income tax rate for the
                                       same period last year mainly due to the non-recurring 2023 tax expense resulting from the ChinaAMC transaction between
                                       the Corporation and IGM, partially offset by the jurisdictional mix of earnings, lower non-taxable investment income and
                                       changes in certain tax estimates at Lifeco.
                                       The effective income tax rates are generally lower than the Corporation’s statutory income tax rate of 26.5% due to non-
                                       taxable investment income, lower tax in certain foreign jurisdictions and results from jointly controlled corporations and
                                       associates that are not taxable.
                                       In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development published the Pillar Two model rules
                                       outlining a structure for a new 15% global minimum tax regime. A number of countries in which the Corporation and its
                                       subsidiaries operate, including Ireland, Germany, the United Kingdom and Barbados, currently have enacted or substantively
                                       enacted Pillar Two legislation, effective January 1, 2024. Pillar Two draft legislation in Canada has not been substantively
                                       enacted and therefore not reflected in the three months ended March 31, 2024. It is expected that if Canada substantively
                                       enacts its legislation, it will apply retroactively to January 1, 2024.
                                       The Corporation currently expects the global minimum tax to apply to income in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man,
                                       jurisdictions where the statutory tax rate is below 15%. For the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Corporation
                                       recognized a current tax expense of $4 million, primarily related to Lifeco’s operations in Ireland. Although Barbados has
                                       substantively enacted legislation imposing a domestic minimum top-up tax, the imposition of this tax, for 2024 only, is
                                       contingent upon Canada enacting Pillar Two legislation; consequently, no Barbadian top-up tax was recorded for the three
                                       months ended March 31, 2024.
                                       If Canada had substantively enacted legislation, the additional top-up tax recognized for the three months ended March 31,
                                       2024 would have been approximately $35 million, primarily related to Lifeco’s operations.




                                           A  106                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 17 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                 Items that may be reclassified                        Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                                  subsequently to net earnings                                            to net earnings
                                                                                                                                       Actuarial gains
                                                                                                                                           (losses) on
                                                                                                  Share of jointly                            defined     Share of jointly
                                                                                      Foreign         controlled                               benefit        controlled
                                            Investment           Cash flow           currency       corporations         Investment    pension plans        corporations
Three months ended March 31, 2024           revaluation           hedges           translation    and associates         revaluation        and other     and associates          Total

Balance, beginning of year                         (206)                25              1,115               (276)               (36)             (150)            1,024          1,496
 Other comprehensive
   income (loss)                                      (8)               16                 (54)                25               (40)              110                   –             49
 Realized (gains) losses on
   FVOCI equity instruments
   transferred to retained
   earnings                                            –                  –                   –                  –               29                   –               (40)            (11)
 Other                                                 –                  –                 (1)                (7)                –                   –                 6              (2)
Balance, end of period                             (214)                41              1,060               (258)               (47)               (40)              990         1,532


                                                                                 Items that may be reclassified                        Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                                  subsequently to net earnings                                            to net earnings
                                                                                                                                       Actuarial gains
                                                                                                                                           (losses) on
                                                                                                  Share of jointly                            defined     Share of jointly
                                                                                      Foreign         controlled                               benefit        controlled
                                            Investment           Cash flow           currency       corporations         Investment    pension plans        corporations
Three months ended March 31, 2023           revaluation           hedges           translation    and associates         revaluation        and other     and associates          Total

Balance, beginning of year                         (421)                40              1,202               (184)               (14)               (49)           1,092          1,666
 Other comprehensive
   income (loss)                                     72                (31)                86                  74                (3)               (40)              155              313
 Realized (gains) losses on
   FVOCI equity instruments
   transferred to retained
   earnings                                            –                  –                   –                  –               18                   –                 –             18
 Other                                                (4)                 –                  9                (22)                –                   –               15               (2)
Balance, end of period                             (353)                  9             1,297               (132)                 1                (89)           1,262          1,995




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                   A  107
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 18 EARNINGS PER SHARE




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and the denominators used in the computations of earnings per share:
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Three months ended March 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2024               2023

                                       Earnings
                                       Net earnings attributable to shareholders                                                                                                                      722                326
                                       Dividends on non-participating shares                                                                                                                           (13)               (13)
                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders                                                                                                        709                313
                                       Net loss attributable to participating shareholders from discontinued operations                                                                                79                 13
                                       Net gain attributable to participating shareholders from disposal of discontinued operations                                                                    (30)                 –
                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders from continuing operations                                                                             758                326
                                       Dilutive effect of subsidiaries’ outstanding stock options                                                                                                       (3)                 –
                                       Effect of equity-settled method for TSARs [1]                                                                                                                    1                   –
                                       Net earnings adjusted for dilutive effect from continuing operations                                                                                           756                326


                                       Number of participating shares [millions]
                                       Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Basic                                                                                          650.6              666.8
                                        Potential exercise of outstanding stock options and RSUs                                                                                                       3.6                1.1
                                       Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Diluted                                                                                        654.2              667.9


                                       Net earnings per participating share from continuing operations
                                       Basic                                                                                                                                                         1.17               0.49
                                       Diluted                                                                                                                                                       1.16               0.49

                                       Net earnings per participating share
                                       Basic                                                                                                                                                         1.09               0.47
                                       Diluted                                                                                                                                                       1.08               0.47
                                       [1] Options with TSARs are accounted for as cash-settled share-based payments. As these options can be exercised in exchange for subordinate voting shares or for cash,
                                           they are considered potentially dilutive and are included in the calculation of the diluted net earnings per share if they have a dilutive impact in the year, and the net
                                           earnings used in the diluted calculation is adjusted to reflect the expense had these options been classified as equity-settled.


                                       For the three months ended March 31, 2024, 1.3 million stock options (1.6 million in 2023) were excluded from the
                                       computation of diluted earnings per share as they were anti-dilutive.




                                             A  108                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT




                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value
hierarchy:
Level       Definition                                                                                  Financial assets and liabilities
Level 1     Utilize observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for                           actively exchange-traded equity securities;
            identical assets or liabilities that the Corporation has the ability to                      exchange-traded futures;
            access.                                                                                      mutual and segregated funds which have available
                                                                                                             prices in an active market with no redemption
                                                                                                             restrictions;
                                                                                                            open-end investment fund units and other liabilities in
                                                                                                             instances where there are quoted prices available from
                                                                                                             active markets.
Level 2     Utilize other-than-quoted prices included in Level 1 that are                                   assets and liabilities priced using a matrix which is
            observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.                            based on credit quality and average life;
            Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in                      government and agency securities;
            active markets, and inputs other-than-quoted prices that are                                    restricted shares;
            observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield                         certain private bonds and investment funds;
            curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals.                                        most investment-grade and high-yield corporate
            The fair values for some Level 2 securities were obtained from                                   bonds;
            a pricing service. The pricing service inputs include, but are not                              most asset-backed securities;
            limited to, benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes,
                                                                                                            most over-the-counter derivatives;
            issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, offers and
                                                                                                            most mortgage and other loans;
            reference data.
                                                                                                            deposits and certificates;
                                                                                                            most debentures and other debt instruments;
                                                                                                            most of the investment contracts that are measured at
                                                                                                             FVPL;
                                                                                                            certain limited-life and redeemable fund units.
Level 3     Utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable                         certain bonds;
            market inputs and include situations where there is little, if any, market                      certain asset-backed securities;
            activity for the asset or liability.                                                            certain private equities;
            The values of the majority of Level 3 securities were obtained from                             certain investments in jointly controlled corporations
            single-broker quotes, internal pricing models, external appraisers or                            and associates;
            by discounting projected cash flows.                                                            certain mortgage and other loans, including
                                                                                                             equity-release mortgages;
                                                                                                            investments in mutual and segregated funds where
                                                                                                             there are redemption restrictions;
                                                                                                            certain over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                                                                            investment properties;
                                                                                                            obligations to securitization entities;
                                                                                                            certain other debt instruments;
                                                                                                            most of the limited-life and redeemable fund units.




                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                  A  109
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, including their levels in the fair value hierarchy using the
                                       valuation methods and assumptions described in the summary of material accounting policies of the Corporation’s
                                       December 31, 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements and above, are presented below. Fair values represent management’s
                                       estimates and are generally calculated using market information at a specific point in time and may not reflect future fair
                                       values. The calculations are subjective in nature, and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment.
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Total
                                       March 31, 2024                                                                                                       Level 1              Level 2        Level 3   fair value

                                       Assets
                                       Bonds
                                         FVPL                                                                                                                     –            143,962            184     144,146
                                         FVOCI                                                                                                                    –             11,774               –     11,774
                                       Mortgage and other loans
                                         FVPL                                                                                                                     –             28,875           4,416     33,291
                                         FVOCI                                                                                                                    –                 570              –         570
                                       Shares
                                         FVPL                                                                                                              11,521                   247          5,470     17,238
                                         FVOCI                                                                                                              1,225                       –            –      1,225
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [1]                                                          –                     –         921          921
                                       Investment properties                                                                                                      –                     –        7,827      7,827
                                       Derivative instruments                                                                                                     4               1,982             19      2,005
                                       Other assets                                                                                                            246                3,161             80      3,487
                                                                                                                                                           12,996              190,571          18,917    222,484


                                       Liabilities
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                                                                            –             87,599               –     87,599
                                       Derivative instruments                                                                                                     5               1,606              5      1,616
                                       Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                                     –                   19         2,037      2,056
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                                          –                 205             83         288
                                                                                                                                                                  5             89,429           2,125     91,559
                                       [1] Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been
                                           elected to be measured at FVPL.




                                             A  110                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                    Total
December 31, 2023                                                                                                          Level 1      Level 2   Level 3      fair value

Assets
Bonds
  FVPL                                                                                                                             –   144,961      252        145,213
  FVOCI                                                                                                                            –    11,750         –        11,750
Mortgage and other loans
  FVPL                                                                                                                             –    29,211     4,248        33,459
  FVOCI                                                                                                                            –      578          –             578
Shares
  FVPL                                                                                                                    10,994          218      4,965        16,177
  FVOCI                                                                                                                          411         –         –             411
Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [1]                                                                  –         –      832              832
Investment properties                                                                                                              –         –     7,870         7,870
Derivative instruments                                                                                                            6      2,327        16         2,349
Assets held for sale [2]                                                                                                         239     1,006      907          2,152
Other assets                                                                                                                     242     3,239        19         3,500
                                                                                                                          11,892       193,290    19,109       224,291


Liabilities
Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                    –    88,919         –        88,919
Derivative instruments                                                                                                            5      1,338         8         1,351
Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                                            3         15     1,815         1,833
Other liabilities                                                                                                                  –      443         83             526
                                                                                                                                  8     90,715     1,906        92,629
[1] Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been
    elected to be measured at FVPL.
[2] Assets held for sale measured at fair value includes shares of $46 million and trading account assets of $2,106 million.


There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in these periods.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                              A  111
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the Corporation and
                                       its subsidiaries have utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value is presented below.
                                                                                          Mortgage           Shares and investments in
                                                                                          and other     jointly controlled corporations                                        Limited-life
                                                                                                                                                                                      and             Assets         Other
                                                                               Bonds          loans                      and associates
                                       For the three months ended                                                                             Investment Derivatives,         redeemable             held for        assets
                                       March 31, 2024                            FVPL          FVPL               FVPL    [1]       FVOCI      properties         net           fund units               sale   (liabilities)    Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                 252         4,248              5,797                   –          7,870               8           (1,815)             907             (64)    17,203
                                         Total gains (losses)
                                           Net earnings                              –           98                136                   –            (66)              6              (25)                –               –      149
                                           Other comprehensive
                                            income [2]                               –           28                 44                   –             48                –             (10)                –               1      111
                                         Business acquisition                        –            –                   –                  –               –               –            (106)                –             61        (45)
                                         Purchases                                 13             3                535                   –             26                –                –                –               –      577
                                         Sale of discontinued
                                           operations                                –            –                   –                  –               –               –                –             (907)              –      (907)
                                         Issues                                      –           98                   –                  –               –               –             (74)                –               –       24
                                         Sales                                    (10)            –               (138)                  –            (42)               –                –                –               –      (190)
                                         Settlements                                 –          (48)                  –                  –               –              (2)              5                 –               –       (45)
                                         Transfers out of Level 3                 (71)            –                   –                  –               –               –                –                –               –       (71)
                                         Other                                       –          (11)                17                   –              (9)             2              (12)                –              (1)      (14)
                                       Balance, end of period                     184         4,416              6,391                   –          7,827              14           (2,037)                –              (3)   16,792

                                       [1] Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.
                                       [2] Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties and other assets and liabilities represents the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign
                                           exchange.



                                                                                          Mortgage           Shares and investments in
                                                                                          and other     jointly controlled corporations                                        Limited-life
                                                                                                                                                                                      and             Assets         Other
                                                                               Bonds          loans                      and associates
                                       For the year ended                                                                                     Investment Derivatives,         redeemable             held for        assets
                                       December 31, 2023                         FVPL          FVPL               FVPL [1]          FVOCI      properties         net           fund units               sale   (liabilities)    Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                 195         3,476              4,692                   2          8,344              23           (1,577)                –           840      15,995
                                         Total gains (losses)
                                           Net earnings                             6          354                 306                   –           (507)              (3)           (190)               25               7        (2)
                                           Other comprehensive
                                            income [2]                               –           52                 (30)               18              53                –               2               (14)              –       81
                                         Purchases                                 68             –              1,445                   –            191               (3)               –               12             24      1,737
                                         Issues                                      –         578                    –                  –               –               –            (472)                –               –      106
                                         Sales                                    (17)            –               (690)               (20)           (211)               –                –              (67)             (2)   (1,007)
                                         Settlements                                 –         (150)                  –                  –               –              (9)           168                  –               –         9
                                         Other [3]                                   –          (62)                74                   –               –               –            254               951           (933)       284
                                       Balance, end of year                       252         4,248              5,797                   –          7,870               8           (1,815)             907             (64)    17,203

                                       [1] Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.
                                       [2] Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties and other assets and liabilities represents the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign
                                           exchange.
                                       [3] Includes amounts reclassified to assets held for sale as a result of the agreement to sell Putnam Investments (Note 3).

                                       Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of
                                       redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to
                                       increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices with multiple
                                       pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.




                                             A  112                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Significant unobservable inputs used at period-end in measuring assets categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy are
presented below.
                                                                                                                                    Interrelationship between key
                                                                          Significant                                               unobservable inputs and fair value
Type of asset            Valuation approach                               unobservable input                Input value             measurement
Investment properties    Investment property valuations     Discount rate                                   Range of 4.2% – 11.6%   A decrease in the discount
                         are generally determined using                                                                             rate would result in an
                         property valuation models based                                                                            increase in fair value.
                         on expected capitalization rates                                                                           An increase in the discount
                         and models that discount                                                                                   rate would result in a
                         expected future net cash flows.                                                                            decrease in fair value.
                         The determination of the fair      Reversionary rate                               Range of 4.3% – 7.8%    A decrease in the
                         value of investment property                                                                               reversionary rate would
                         requires the use of estimates such                                                                         result in an increase in fair
                         as future cash flows (such as                                                                              value.
                         future leasing assumptions,
                                                                                                                                    An increase in the
                         rental rates, capital and
                                                                                                                                    reversionary rate would
                         operating expenditures) and
                                                                                                                                    result in a decrease in fair
                         discount, reversionary and
                                                                                                                                    value.
                         overall capitalization rates
                         applicable to the asset based      Vacancy rate                                    Weighted average of     A decrease in the expected
                         on current market rates.                                                           4.5%                    vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                    generally result in an
                                                                                                                                    increase in fair value.
                                                                                                                                    An increase in the expected
                                                                                                                                    vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                    generally result in
                                                                                                                                    a decrease in fair value.
Mortgage and             The valuation approach for         Discount rate                                   Range of 4.3% – 6.1%    A decrease in the discount
other loans – equity-    equity-release mortgages is to                                                                             rate would result in an
release mortgages        use an internal valuation model to                                                                         increase in fair value.
(FVPL)                   determine the projected asset                                                                              An increase in the discount
                         cash flows, including the cost of                                                                          rate would result in a
                         the no-negative-equity guarantee                                                                           decrease in fair value.
                         for each individual loan, to
                         aggregate these across all loans
                         and to discount those cash flows
                         back to the valuation date. The
                         projection is done monthly until
                         expected redemption of the loan
                         either voluntarily or on the
                         death/entering into long-term
                         care of the loanholders.
Shares and               The determination of the fair       Discount rate                                  Various                 A decrease in the discount
investments in jointly   value of shares requires the use of                                                                        rate would result in an
controlled               estimates such as future cash                                                                              increase in fair value.
corporations and         flows, discount rates, projected                                                                           An increase in the discount
associates               earnings multiples, or recent                                                                              rate would result in a
                         transactions.                                                                                              decrease in fair value.
Limited-life and         The determination of the fair       Discount rate                                  Various                 A decrease in the discount
redeemable fund units    value of the limited-life and                                                                              rate would result in an
                         redeemable fund units is based                                                                             increase in fair value.
                         on the fair value of the underlying                                                                        An increase in the discount
                         fund’s investments.                                                                                        rate would result in a
                                                                                                                                    decrease in fair value.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                 A  113
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation is an international management and holding company. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement,
                                       wealth management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
                                       As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each operating segment based on its contribution to
                                       the earnings attributable to participating shareholders. The contribution to the earnings attributable to participating
                                       shareholders from Lifeco, IGM Financial, GBL, Sagard, Power Sustainable and other, represents the Corporation’s share of
                                       their net earnings.
                                       The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco and IGM Financial due to their quantitative contribution, and the
                                       Corporation also considers GBL as a reportable segment. Together, they represent the Corporation’s investments in publicly
                                       traded operating companies. As well, the Corporation considers the Holding company to be a reportable segment.
                                        Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and investment
                                         services, asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the United States and Europe.
                                        IGM Financial is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in
                                         Canada, and institutional investors through North America, Europe and Asia.
                                        GBL is indirectly held through Parjointco. GBL is a Belgian investment holding company and leading investor in Europe. Its
                                         portfolio is comprised of a portfolio of listed, private and alternative investments composed of global companies, which
                                         are leaders in their sectors.
                                        Holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
                                         presents the investment activities of the Corporation including its investments in consolidated entities. The Holding
                                         company activities present the Holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, investments, debentures and non-
                                         participating shares. The Holding company cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income from
                                         investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes
                                         and non-participating and participating share dividends.
                                       The Corporation’s asset management activities through the investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, together
                                       with their investing activities, are presented on a combined basis in another category, Alternative asset investment platforms
                                       and other, as they do not qualify as reportable segments.
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms and other are comprised of the results of:
                                           Alternative asset management businesses, Sagard and Power Sustainable;
                                          Investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable on behalf of the Corporation;
                                          Entities held through the alternative asset managers which are consolidated; and
                                          Standalone businesses representing a subsidiary, a jointly controlled corporation and an associate which are managed
                                           to realize value over time.
                                       Effect of consolidation represents the reconciliation between the measurement basis used for the presentation of the Holding
                                       company with the consolidated financial statements, as well as the intersegment elimination for investments under common
                                       control and other consolidation entries.
                                       The segmented assets present the activities of the holding company, including its investments in consolidated entities, Lifeco
                                       and IGM, as well as other controlled entities, using the equity method of accounting as a measurement basis. These entities
                                       are consolidated in the Corporation’s consolidated balance sheets. Common equity interests in Lifeco, IGM, and alternative
                                       asset investment platforms and other (intersegment investments) are included in their respective segment’s assets.




                                           A  114                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 20        SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                               Alternative
                                                                                                                                                     asset
                                                                                                                                               investment
                                                                                                                                  Holding   platforms and         Effect of
Three months ended March 31, 2024                                             Lifeco              IGM                GBL         company             other   consolidation             Total

Segment revenue
Insurance revenue [1]                                                         5,250                   –                 –               –               –                –         5,250
Net investment income [2]                                                     2,321                 12                  –             16             151               16          2,516
Changes in fair value through profit or loss [2]                             (1,385)                  4                 –              7              43                (2)       (1,333)
Fee income [3][4]                                                             1,672               824                   –               –            118               (43)        2,571
Other [3]                                                                           –                 –                 –               –            158                 –             158
Total segment revenue                                                         7,858               840                   –             23             470               (29)        9,162

Other insurance and investment results
Insurance service expenses [1]                                               (4,067)                  –                 –               –               –                –        (4,067)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts [1]                                     (386)                  –                 –               –               –                –             (386)
Net investment result from insurance activities [2][5]                         (195)                  –                 –               –               –                –             (195)
Net investment result from insurance contracts on
  account of segregated fund policyholders                                          –                 –                 –               –               –                –                –
Total other insurance and investment results                                 (4,648)                  –                 –               –               –                –        (4,648)

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses [4]                                     1,871               568                   –             43             455               (37)        2,900
Financing charges                                                               100                 32                  –             14              53                 2             201
Total other expenses                                                          1,971               600                   –             57             508               (35)        3,101
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
 corporations and associates, and income taxes                                1,239               240                   –            (34)             (38)               6         1,413
Share of earnings (losses) of investments in
 jointly controlled corporations and associates                                   19                52                54                –             (18)             (43)              64
Earnings before income taxes                                                  1,258               292                 54             (34)             (56)             (37)        1,477
Income taxes                                                                    169                 67                  –               –              (8)               6             234
Net earnings from continuing operations                                       1,089               225                 54             (34)             (48)             (43)        1,243
Net loss from discontinued operations                                          (115)                  -                  -              -                -                -            (115)
Net gain from disposal of discontinued
 operations [Note 3]                                                              44                  -                  -              -                -                -              44
Net earnings                                                                  1,018               225                 54             (34)             (48)             (43)        1,172

Attributable to
 Non-controlling interests                                                      377                 92                  –             35              (11)             (43)            450
 Non-participating shareholders                                                     –                 –                 –             13                –                –               13
 Participating shareholders [6][7]                                              641               133                 54             (82)             (37)               –             709
                                                                              1,018               225                 54             (34)             (48)             (43)        1,172

[1] Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
[2] Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
[3] Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
[4] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
[5] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
[6] The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
    includes the effect of consolidation.
[7] The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                A  115
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 20        SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                                                                      Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                            asset
                                                                                                                                                                                      investment
                                                                                                                                                                      Holding      platforms and              Effect of
                                       Three months ended March 31, 2023                                          Lifeco              IGM                GBL         company                other        consolidation      Total

                                       Segment revenue
                                       Insurance revenue [1]                                                      5,037                   –                 –                  –                    –                –     5,037
                                       Net investment income [2]                                                  2,098               190                   –                18                20                (176)     2,150
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss [2]                           3,572                  1                  –                 3                18                  12      3,606
                                       Fee income [3][4]                                                          1,400               846                   –                  –               68                  (22)    2,292
                                       Other [3]                                                                       –                  –                 –                  –              141                    –      141
                                       Total segment revenue                                                    12,107              1,037                   –                21               247                (186)    13,226

                                       Other insurance and investment results
                                       Insurance service expenses [1]                                           (3,995)                   –                 –                  –                    –                –    (3,995)
                                       Net expense from reinsurance contracts [1]                                  (342)                  –                 –                  –                    –                –      (342)
                                       Net investment result from insurance activities [2][5]                   (5,359)                   –                 –                  –                    –                –    (5,359)
                                       Net investment result from insurance contracts on
                                         account of segregated fund policyholders                                      –                  –                 –                  –                    –                –         –
                                       Total other insurance and investment results                             (9,696)                   –                 –                  –                    –                –    (9,696)

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses [4]                                  1,645               615                   –                51               341                  (19)    2,633
                                       Financing charges                                                            115                 28                  –                14                30                    4      191
                                       Total other expenses                                                       1,760               643                   –                65               371                  (15)    2,824
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
                                        corporations and associates, and income taxes                               651               394                   –               (44)             (124)               (171)      706
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of investments in
                                        jointly controlled corporations and associates                                 3                53                19                  2               (13)                 (31)       33
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                                 654               447                 19                (42)             (137)               (202)      739
                                       Income taxes                                                                  30                 64                  –                40                    (5)              (9)     120
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations                                      624               383                 19                (82)             (132)               (193)      619
                                       Net loss from discontinued operations                                         (19)                 –                 –                  –                    –                –       (19)
                                       Net earnings                                                                 605               383                 19                (82)             (132)               (193)      600

                                       Attributable to
                                        Non-controlling interests                                                   210               262                   –                34               (39)               (193)      274
                                        Non-participating shareholders                                                 –                  –                 –                13                     –                –        13
                                        Participating shareholders [6][7]                                           395               121                 19              (129)               (93)                   –      313
                                                                                                                    605               383                 19                (82)             (132)               (193)      600

                                       [1] Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
                                       [2] Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
                                       [3] Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
                                       [4] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
                                       [5] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
                                       [6] The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
                                           includes the effect of consolidation.
                                       [7] The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                             A  116                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 20        SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
TOTAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                              Alternative
                                                                                                                                                    asset
                                                                                                                                              investment
                                                                                                                                 Holding   platforms and         Effect of
March 31, 2024                                                               Lifeco              IGM                GBL         company             other   consolidation             Total

Cash and cash equivalents                                                    7,708               500                    –         1,577             628             (266)        10,147
Investments                                                               218,729              5,237                    –           139           1,601              167        225,873
Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
  investment platforms and other                                               864             1,425                    –        21,385                –         (23,674)                –
Investments in jointly controlled corporations
  and associates                                                               372             3,041             3,780                3           1,474             (401)         8,269
Other assets                                                               43,919              4,339                    –           267          12,043             (140)        60,428
Goodwill and intangible assets                                             16,002              3,903                    –             1           1,560                 –        21,466
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                           449,323                    –                  –              –               –                –       449,323
Total assets [1]                                                          736,917            18,445              3,780           23,372          17,306          (24,314)       775,506

Insurance and investment contract liabilities                             232,617                    –                  –              –               –                –       232,617
Obligation to securitization entities                                              –           4,647                    –              –               –                –         4,647
Power Corporation’s debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                           –                 –                  –           647                –                –             647
Non-recourse debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                     9,059             2,400                    –           250           3,214               (88)       14,835
Other liabilities                                                          15,484              4,440                    –         1,001          11,387             (499)        31,813
Insurance and investment contracts on account
  of segregated fund policyholders                                        449,323                    –                  –              –               –                –       449,323
Total liabilities                                                         706,483            11,487                     –         1,898          14,601             (587)       733,882


                                                                                                                                              Alternative
                                                                                                                                                    asset
                                                                                                                                              investment
                                                                                                                                 Holding   platforms and         Effect of
December 31, 2023                                                            Lifeco              IGM                GBL         company             other   consolidation             Total

Cash and cash equivalents                                                    7,742               545                    –         1,218             639             (207)         9,937
Investments                                                               217,868              5,260                    –           107           2,017              110        225,362
Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
  investment platforms and other                                               833             1,301                    –        21,527                –         (23,661)                –
Investments in jointly controlled corporations
  and associates                                                               367             3,070             3,717                3           1,392             (397)         8,152
Assets held for sale                                                         4,467                   –                  –              –               –                –         4,467
Other assets                                                               43,264              4,599                    –           282           9,439             (300)        57,284
Goodwill and intangible assets                                             15,928              3,901                    –             2           1,490                (1)       21,320
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                           422,956                    –                  –              –               –                –       422,956
Total assets [1]                                                          713,425            18,676              3,717           23,139          14,977          (24,456)       749,478

Insurance and investment contract liabilities                             233,307                    –                  –              –               –                –       233,307
Liabilities held for sale                                                    2,407                   –                  –              –               –                –         2,407
Obligation to securitization entities                                              –           4,688                    –              –               –                –         4,688
Power Corporation’s debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                           –                 –                  –           647                –                –             647
Non-recourse debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                     9,046             2,400                    –           250           3,017               (88)       14,625
Other liabilities                                                          15,663              4,855                    –           986           8,509             (430)        29,583
Insurance and investment contracts on account
  of segregated fund policyholders                                        422,956                    –                  –              –               –                –       422,956
Total liabilities                                                         683,379            11,943                     –         1,883          11,526             (518)       708,213
[1] Total assets of the Lifeco and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                A  117
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 20        SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                                                                                       Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                             asset
                                                                                                                                                                                       investment
                                                                                                                                                                       Holding      platforms and            Effect of
                                       Three months ended March 31, 2024                                                             Lifeco               IGM         company                other      consolidation      Total

                                       Operating activities                                                                            253                132               416                (68)             (368)      365
                                       Financing activities                                                                           (536)              (191)             (480)               (91)              687       (611)
                                       Investing activities                                                                           (214)                14               423                142              (378)       (13)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on
                                         cash and cash equivalents                                                                       88                  –                  –                   6               –        94
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                               (409)               (45)              359                (11)               (59)     (165)
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                  8,117                545             1,218                639              (207)    10,312
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                      7,708                500             1,577                628              (266)    10,147


                                                                                                                                                                                       Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                             asset
                                                                                                                                                                                       investment
                                                                                                                                                                       Holding      platforms and            Effect of
                                       Three months ended March 31, 2023 [1]                                                         Lifeco               IGM         company                other      consolidation      Total

                                       Operating activities                                                                            179                112               289                (20)             (339)      221
                                       Financing activities                                                                           (752)              (146)             (416)               540               277       (497)
                                       Investing activities                                                                             (77)             (492)              513               (507)             (108)      (671)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on
                                         cash and cash equivalents                                                                       26                  –                  –                   –               1        27
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                               (624)              (526)              386                 13              (169)      (920)
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                  7,290             1,073              1,277                493              (285)     9,848
                                       Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued
                                         operations, end of period                                                                   6,666                547             1,663                506              (454)     8,928
                                       Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued
                                         operations, end of period                                                                    (204)                  –                  –                   –               –      (204)
                                       Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations,
                                        end of period                                                                                6,462                547             1,663                506              (454)     8,724
                                       [1] The Corporation has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period’s presentation. These classifications had no impact on the equity or net earnings
                                           of the Corporation.




                                             A  118                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
                        Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                   PART B




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE B 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE B 39




                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Please note that the bottom of each page in Part B contains two different page
numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “B” refers to the number of such page
in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to the number
of such page in the original document issued by Great-West Lifeco Inc.



The attached documents concerning Great-West Lifeco Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s profile on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-
looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the current
expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking statements
are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the
subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at and
for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about the
subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate
for other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-looking
statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied in making
the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for updating the
content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached documents,
including the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Information. The reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions
carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   B  1
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis

                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

                                                                           FOR THE PERIOD ENDED MARCH 31, 2024

                                                                                          DATED: MAY 1, 2024
                                  This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the financial condition, financial performance and cash
                                  flows of Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco or the Company) for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and includes a comparison to the
                                  corresponding periods in 2023, to the three months ended December 31, 2023, and to the Company’s financial condition as at December 31,
                                  2023, as applicable. This MD&A provides an overall discussion, followed by analysis of the performance of Lifeco's four major reportable
                                  segments: Canada, United States (U.S.), Europe, and Capital and Risk Solutions.

                                  TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies                                    Liquidity and Capital Management
                                  2   Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information                             24        Liquidity
                                  3   Cautionary Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios                  25        Cash Flows
                                                                                                                        25        Commitments/Contractual Obligations
                                      Consolidated Operating Results                                                    25        Capital Management and Adequacy
                                  4   Financial Highlights                                                              26        Return on Equity
                                  5   2024 Developments                                                                 27        Ratings
                                  6   Base and Net Earnings
                                  8   Taxes                                                                                       Risk Management and Control Practices
                                  9   Lifeco Value Drivers                                                              27        Risk Management and Control Practices
                                                                                                                        27        Exposures and Sensitivities




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Segmented Operating Results
                                  12 Canada                                                                                       Accounting Policies
                                  14 United States                                                                      28        International Financial Reporting Standards
                                  16 Europe
                                  18 Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                   Other Information
                                  19 Lifeco Corporate                                                                   29        Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                                                                                                        34        Glossary
                                      Consolidated Financial Position                                                   36        Disclosure Controls and Procedures
                                  20 Assets                                                                             36        Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                                  22 Liabilities                                                                        36        Transactions with Related Parties
                                  23 Lifeco Capital Structure                                                           36        Quarterly Financial Information
                                                                                                                        37        Translation of Foreign Currency
                                                                                                                        37        Additional Information

                                  Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material Accounting Policies
                                  The condensed consolidated financial statements of Lifeco, which are the basis for data presented in this report, have been prepared in
                                  accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) unless
                                  otherwise noted and are presented in millions of Canadian dollars unless otherwise indicated. This MD&A should be read in conjunction with
                                  the Company's condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the period ended March 31, 2024 which reflects the
                                  adoption of IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts, and IFRS 9, Financial Instruments that resulted in the restatement of certain comparative amounts.
                                  Refer also to the "Accounting Policies" section of this MD&A and the Annual MD&A and audited consolidated financial statements for the year
                                  ended December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   1


                                        B  2                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information
This MD&A contains forward-looking information. Forward-looking information includes statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or
refer to future events or conditions, or include words such as "will", "may", "expects", "anticipates", "intends", "plans", "believes", "estimates",
"objective", "target", "potential" and other similar expressions or negative versions thereof. Forward-looking information includes, without limitation,
statements about the Company and its operations, business (including business mix), financial condition, expected financial performance (including
revenues, earnings or growth rates, medium-term financial objectives and base earnings objectives for the Empower business), strategies and
prospects, climate-related and diversity-related measures, objectives, goals, ambitions and commitments, expected costs and benefits of acquisitions
and divestitures (including timing of integration activities and timing and extent of revenue and expense synergies), expected expenditures or
investments (including but not limited to investment in technology infrastructure and digital capabilities and solutions and investments in strategic
partnerships), expected utilization of restructuring provisions, value creation and realization and growth opportunities, expected dividend levels,
expected cost reductions and savings, expected capital management activities and use of capital, estimates of risk sensitivities affecting capital
adequacy ratios, anticipated global economic conditions, and the impact of regulatory developments on the Company’s business strategy and growth
objectives.
Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions, projections and conclusions about future events that were
current at the time of the statements and are inherently subject to, among other things, risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Company,
economic factors and the financial services industry generally, including the insurance, mutual fund and retirement solutions industries. They are
not guarantees of future performance, and the reader is cautioned that actual events and results could differ materially from those expressed or
implied by forward-looking statements. In particular, in arriving at our preliminary assessment of the Company’s potential exposure to Pillar Two
income taxes and our expectation regarding the impact on our effective income tax rate and base earnings, management has relied on its
interpretation of the relevant legislation. It has also assumed a starting point of its current mix of business and base earnings growth consistent with
management’s base earnings objectives disclosed in this MD&A. In all cases, whether or not actual results differ from forward-looking information
may depend on numerous factors, developments and assumptions, including, without limitation, the ability to integrate and leverage acquisitions
and achieve anticipated benefits and synergies, the achievement of expense synergies and client retention targets from the acquisition of the
Prudential retirement business, the Company’s ability to execute strategic plans and adapt or recalibrate these plans as needed, the Company’s
reputation, business competition, assumptions around sales, pricing, fee rates, customer behaviour (including contributions, redemptions,
withdrawals and lapse rates), mortality and morbidity experience, expense levels, reinsurance arrangements, global equity and capital markets
(including continued access to equity and debt markets and credit instruments on economically feasible terms), geopolitical tensions and related
economic impacts, interest and foreign exchange rates, inflation levels, liquidity requirements, investment values and asset breakdowns, hedging




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
activities, financial condition of industry sectors and individual issuers that comprise part of the Company’s investment portfolio, credit ratings, taxes,
impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets, technological changes, breaches or failure of information systems and security (including cyber
attacks), assumptions around third-party suppliers, changes in local and international laws and regulations, changes in accounting policies and the
effect of applying future accounting policy changes, changes in actuarial standards, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic
events, continuity and availability of personnel and third party service providers, unplanned changes to the Company’s facilities, customer and
employee relations, levels of administrative and operational efficiencies, and other general economic, political and market factors in North America
and internationally.
The reader is cautioned that the foregoing list of assumptions and factors is not exhaustive, and there may be other factors listed in other filings with
securities regulators, including factors set out in the "Risk Management and Control Practices" and "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates"
sections of this document and in the Company's annual information form dated February 14, 2024 under "Risk Factors", which, along with other
filings, is available for review at www.sedarplus.com. The reader is also cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential
events carefully and not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information.
Other than as specifically required by applicable law, the Company does not intend to update any forward-looking information whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise.

Important Note Regarding Sustainability Disclosure
Certain forward-looking statements in this MD&A relate to the Company’s climate-related and diversity-related measures, objectives, goals,
priorities, strategies and commitments or actions that will be taken to achieve them. The climate-related statements include statements with respect
to achieving net-zero GHG emissions for its operating and financing activities by 2050, the Company’s initial interim net zero goals for operations and
investments, the Company’s plan to review and revise initial interim net zero goals as appropriate, the causes and potential impacts of climate change
globally, and the Company’s approach to identifying and managing climate-related risks and opportunities. The diversity-related statements include
statements with respect to growing representation of women and underrepresented minorities in management. The forward-looking information in
this update is presented for the purpose of assisting our stakeholders in understanding how we currently intend to address climate-related and
diversity-related governance, strategy, risks, opportunities, and objectives, and is not appropriate for other purposes.
Any commitments, objectives, goals, ambitions or targets discussed here, including but not limited to the Company’s net-zero related goals
(including interim net zero goals) and diversity-related measures, are aspirational. They may need to change or be recalibrated as data improve and
as climate science, regulatory requirements and market practices regarding standards, methodologies, metrics and measurements evolve. Our
climate risk analysis and net-zero strategy remain under development, and the data underlying our analysis and strategy remain subject to evolution
over time and the scope of assets to be included in our 2050 net zero related goals, remains under review. We are also continuing to develop our
diversity-related data. There is a strong possibility that our expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions and conclusions may not prove to be
accurate and our assumptions may prove to be incorrect, and there is a material risk we will not achieve our climate-related and diversity-related
goals, objectives, ambitions, strategies and commitments. In addition, many of the assumptions, standards, metrics and measurements used in
preparing these forward-looking statements are not audited or independently verified, have limited comparability and continue to evolve.




                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis    2


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               B  3
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Any goals, objectives, priorities, ambitions, commitments or targets discussed in this MD&A, may also need to change or be recalibrated to meet our
                                  other strategic objectives and the reasonable expectations of our stakeholders, including expectations around financial performance. As a financial
                                  services company, our primary purpose is to provide our clients and customers with solutions to meet their financial security needs and to deliver on
                                  the promises we make to them. Our ability to fulfil this corporate purpose depends in large part on effective and responsible capital allocation and
                                  the ability to create value within the boundaries of our stakeholders’ expectations, including expectations around financial performance. The path to
                                  achieving net zero and our climate-related objectives will require significant investment, resources, systems and technologies by third parties we do
                                  not control. Faced with a wide range of stakeholder interests, we will need to effectively manage trade-offs and make choices about how to deploy
                                  financial and human capital. These choices could include prioritizing other strategic objectives over our climate-related goals in pursuit of fulfilling
                                  our primary purpose, delivering value to our stakeholders and meeting expectations around financial performance. As our business, our industry
                                  and climate science evolve over time, we may need to adjust our climate-related goals and our approach to meeting them. We will also need to
                                  remain thoughtful about the regulatory and business environment of the jurisdictions in which we operate, as our ability to achieve our climate goals
                                  is contingent on the success of our partners and communities.
                                  We caution readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because numerous factors (many of which are beyond the control of
                                  the Company) may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking information and impact the
                                  Company’s ability to achieve its climate-related and diversity-related goals, objectives, priorities, ambitions, strategies and targets. These factors
                                  include, without limitation, the transition to a low-carbon economy, the need for more and better climate data and standardization of climate-related
                                  measurement methodologies, our ability to gather and verify data, our ability to develop indicators to effectively monitor our advancements and
                                  assess and manage climate-related risks, the need for active and continued action by stakeholders (including governmental and non-governmental
                                  organizations, our counterparties and other businesses and individuals), trade-offs and choices we make that prioritize other strategic objectives and
                                  financial performance over our climate-related objectives, the ability of clients, regulators and suppliers to meet and report on their publicly stated
                                  emissions and commitments, the viability of third-party decarbonization scenarios, the availability of carbon offset and renewable energy
                                  instruments on economically feasible terms, compliance with our policies and procedures, our ability to recruit and retain key personnel in a
                                  competitive environment for talent, technological advancements, the evolution of consumer behaviour, varying decarbonization efforts across
                                  economies, the challenges of balancing emission reduction objectives with an orderly, just and inclusive transition and geopolitical factors that
                                  impact global energy needs, the legal and regulatory environment, and regulatory compliance considerations. In relation to our climate-related
                                  objectives, goals, objectives, priorities, ambitions, strategies and targets, there are limitations and uncertainties inherent in climate science, climate
                                  risk analysis and reporting. The Company has made good faith approximations and assumptions in establishing its interim Scope 1 and 2 reduction
                                  goals and initial reduction goals for Scope 3 financed emissions. However, there are many factors that are the subject of ongoing climate science and
                                  that we cannot foresee or accurately predict which will impact our ability to achieve those goals.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Cautionary Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                  This MD&A contains some non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) financial measures and non-GAAP ratios as defined in National
                                  Instrument 52-112 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures Disclosure”. Terms by which non-GAAP financial measures are identified include, but
                                  are not limited to, "base earnings (loss)", "base earnings (loss) (US$)", "base earnings: insurance service result", "base earnings: net investment
                                  result", "assets under management" and "assets under administration". Terms by which non-GAAP ratios are identified include, but are not limited
                                  to, “base earnings per common share (EPS)”, “base return on equity (ROE)”, "base dividend payout ratio" and “effective income tax rate – base
                                  earnings – common shareholders”. Non-GAAP financial measures and ratios are used to provide management and investors with additional
                                  measures of performance to help assess results where no comparable GAAP (IFRS) measure exists. However, non-GAAP financial measures and
                                  ratios do not have standard meanings prescribed by GAAP (IFRS) and are not directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies.
                                  Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial
                                  measures to measures prescribed by GAAP as well as additional details on each measure and ratio.




                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   3


                                       B  4                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Consolidated Operating Results

    Selected consolidated financial information
                                                                                                                                    As at or for the three months ended
                                                                                                                                   Mar. 31            Dec. 31              Mar. 31
    (in Canadian $ millions, except per share amounts)                                                                              2024               2023                 2023
    Base earnings1,2                                                                                                           $      1,012      $           971      $              826
    Net earnings from continuing operations3                                                                                          1,031                  743                     614
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                                  960                  740                     595
      Per common share
        Basic:
          Base earnings2,4                                                                                                             1.09                 1.04                 0.89
          Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                      1.10                 0.80                 0.66
          Net earnings                                                                                                                 1.03                 0.79                 0.64
        Dividends paid                                                                                                                 0.56                 0.52                 0.52
        Book value3                                                                                                                   24.74               24.26                 23.45
    Base return on equity2,4                                                                                                           17.2 %               16.6 %               16.1 %
    Return on equity - continuing operations3,5                                                                                        14.6 %               12.9 %               13.6 %
    Base dividend payout ratio2,4                                                                                                      51.4 %               50.0 %               58.7 %
    Dividend payout ratio3                                                                                                             54.4 %               65.6 %               81.3 %
    Financial leverage ratio6                                                                                                            30 %                 30 %                    33 %

    Total assets per financial statements                                                                                      $     736,722     $       713,230      $       691,853




                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Total assets under management1,7                                                                                                 941,373          1,095,374             1,040,214
    Total assets under administration1,7                                                                                           2,855,164          2,852,540             2,596,151

    Total contractual service margin (net of reinsurance contracts held)                                                       $      13,047     $        12,635      $        13,043

    Total equity                                                                                                               $      30,239     $        29,851      $        29,037

    Canada Life Assurance Company consolidated LICAT Ratio8                                                                             129 %              128%                  127%

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Comparative results are restated to exclude net earnings (losses) from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
3
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
4
     This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
5
     Comparative results have been restated to exclude amounts related to discontinued operations which were included in error in the corresponding figure presented in the Q4 2023
     MD&A.
6
     The calculation for financial leverage ratio includes the after-tax non-participating contractual service margin (CSM) balance in the denominator, other than CSM associated with
     segregated fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future profit and is considered available capital under LICAT. These ratios are estimates based on available data.
7
     Other assets under management included $161.6 billion at December 31, 2023 and $152.6 billion at March 31, 2023 related to the discontinued operations of Putnam Investments.
8
     The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio is based on the consolidated results of The Canada Life Assurance Company, Lifeco's major Canadian operating subsidiary.
     The LICAT Ratio is calculated in accordance with the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions' guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test. Refer to the "Capital
     Management and Adequacy" section of this document for additional details.




                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis           4


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               B  5
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  2024 Developments
                                  Strategic highlights and transactions
                                  •   In the United States, on January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin Resources,
                                      Inc., operating as "Franklin Templeton", in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash, and contingent consideration of up to
                                      US$375 million over a five to seven-year period. In the first quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a net loss of $115 million reflecting
                                      closing costs as well as a $44 million final gain on sale within discontinued operations. Lifeco retains its controlling interest in PanAgora
                                      Asset Management, a leading quantitative asset manager. The Company currently holds approximately 31,600,000 Franklin Templeton
                                      shares and will hold a majority of these shares for a minimum five-year period.
                                      In addition to the sale, Lifeco, along with Power Corporation of Canada and Franklin Templeton, has entered into a strategic partnership to
                                      distribute Franklin Templeton products. Lifeco will provide an initial long-term asset allocation of US$25 billion assets under
                                      management to Franklin Templeton within 12 months of closing with the potential for that amount to increase over the next several years.
                                  •   In the United States, the integration of Prudential’s full-service retirement services business into Empower was completed subsequent to
                                      the first quarter of 2024 and retention targets have been exceeded. The integration delivered the expected US$180 million pre-tax run rate
                                      cost synergies.
                                  •   In Canada, the integration of Investment Planning Counsel (IPC) and Value Partners has contributed to an increase of $296 million in net
                                      asset flows in Canada Individual Wealth Management compared to the fourth quarter of 2023.
                                  •   In Canada, the Company continues to enhance its information technology operations and is transitioning some functions to a managed
                                      service arrangement with an external provider. As a result, the Company recorded restructuring provisions of $23 million pre-tax, which
                                      included $21 million relating to the common shareholders' account and $2 million relating to the participating account. The Company
                                      expects to utilize a significant portion of these amounts during 2024.
                                  •   In Europe, Canada Life U.K. successfully closed its Select Account, The Retirement Account and the Canada Life Trustee Investment Plan
                                      product lines to new business on January 23, 2024, following a review of its on-shore wealth business. The Company recorded related
                                      provisions in the fourth quarter of 2023.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  •   The Capital and Risk Solutions segment continues to expand its international presence in targeted new markets, while continuing to focus
                                      on core markets and product expansion in Europe and the U.S.
                                  Focus on improving customer and advisor experiences
                                  •   In Germany, the Company completed the migration of all policies onto a new administration platform and is now focused on realizing the
                                      benefits from this multi-year technology investment.
                                  •   Canada Life Investment Management Ltd. merged 20 Canada Life mutual funds in January 2024 to make it easier for advisors and investors
                                      to navigate the Canada Life mutual fund lineup.
                                  •   In Canada, more than 11,000 advisors and delegates to date have been onboarded to a new central digital platform, enabling access to view
                                      Canada Life business, forms and other resources and tools including a new digital segregated fund application which enables a seamless
                                      onboarding experience.




                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   5


                                       B  6                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Base and Net Earnings
Consolidated base earnings and net earnings of Lifeco include the base earnings and net earnings of Canada Life (and its operating
subsidiaries), Empower and PanAgora Asset Management, together with Lifeco’s Corporate operating results. Net earnings also include the
earnings from Putnam Investments reported as discontinued operations.
For a further description of base earnings, refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document.

                                                                                                                                            For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                       Mar. 31           Dec. 31            Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                        2024              2023               2023
    Base earnings (loss)1,4
      Canada                                                                                                                       $         302 $                 301 $              278
      United States4                                                                                                                          286                  261                218
       Europe                                                                                                                                 204                  213                178
       Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                             222                  236                157
       Lifeco Corporate                                                                                                                         (2)                 (40)                (5)
    Lifeco base earnings1,4                                                                                                        $        1,012 $                971 $              826

    Items excluded from base earnings
      Market experience relative to expectations2                                                                                  $         107 $              (213) $               (168)
       Assumption changes and management actions2                                                                                                 (1)              83                    7
       Other non-market related impacts3                                                                                                         (87)            (98)                  (51)
    Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings                                                                                       $              19 $          (228) $               (212)

    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations2




                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Canada                                                                                                                       $         353 $                 166 $              233
      United States2                                                                                                                         233                   194                170
      Europe                                                                                                                                 187                   217                 40
       Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                             260                  215                184
       Lifeco Corporate                                                                                                                         (2)                 (49)               (13)
    Lifeco net earnings from continuing operations2                                                                                $        1,031 $                743 $              614
      Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations4                                                                                      (115)                  (3)                (19)
      Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                          44                 —                   —
    Lifeco net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                      $         960 $                 740 $              595

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
3
     Included in other non-market related impacts are business transformation impacts (including restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs) and
     amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets.
4
     Comparative results are restated to exclude discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.

Base Earnings
Base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 of $1,012 million ($1.09 per common share) increased by $186 million or 23% from $826 million ($0.89
per common share) a year ago. The increase was primarily due to higher group and structured insurance earnings, improved insurance
experience, higher earnings on surplus and higher net fee and spread income driven by higher equity market levels, business growth and the
contribution of recent acquisitions in the Canada segment.

Net Earnings
Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations for the three month period ended March 31, 2024 of $1,031 million ($1.10 per common share)
increased by $417 million or 68% compared to $614 million ($0.66 per common share) a year ago. The increase was primarily due to higher
base earnings, improved market experience relative to expectations driven by favourable risk-free interest impacts and strong public equity
performance in-period compared to unfavourable risk-free interest rate and real estate impacts in the prior year. The results from discontinued
operations for the first quarter of 2024 included a net loss of $115 million reflecting Putnam transaction related closing costs as well as a $44
million final gain on sale compared to a net loss of $19 million a year ago.
Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations for the three month period ended March 31, 2024 of $1,031 million ($1.10 per common share)
increased by $288 million or 39% compared to $743 million ($0.80 per common share) in the previous quarter. The increase was primarily due
to favourable interest rate and credit spread in-period movements compared to the prior quarter and an increase in base earnings. These items
were partially offset by the non-recurrence of a net gain on sale to AIB Life and the impacts of in-force annuity reinsurance recapture from the
prior quarter in the Europe segment. The results from discontinued operations for the first quarter of 2024 as discussed for the year-over-year
results were unfavourable compared to a net loss of $3 million in the previous quarter.




                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis            6


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               B  7
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Items Excluded from Base Earnings
                                  Market Experience Relative to Expectations
                                                                                                                                                                For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                       Mar. 31                 Dec. 31           Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                        2024                    2023              2023
                                  Public equity market impacts                                                                                   $                  26 $                 27 $             4
                                  Real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts                                                                             (59)                 (62)           (111)
                                  Interest rate and other impacts                                                                                                 140                  (178)            (61)
                                  Total market experience relative to expectations                                                               $                107 $                (213) $         (168)

                                  Market experience relative to expectations, which are reflected in the net investment result of the Company's consolidated statement of
                                  earnings, positively impacted net earnings by $107 million in the first quarter of 2024 (negative impact of $168 million in the first quarter of
                                  2023). In-quarter impacts reflect interest rate movements including spread movements, lower returns than expected on real estate assets,
                                  partially offset by higher returns on public equities. The positive interest rate and other impacts result primarily arose from liabilities decreasing
                                  by more than their supporting assets in the Canada, Europe, and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, driven by risk-free rate increases partly
                                  offset by narrowing of credit spreads. The higher returns on public equities were primarily from assets held in Canada. The lower returns than
                                  expected on real estate and other non-fixed income assets arose on real estate assets in the U.K. and Canada.
                                  For a further description of the Company's sensitivity to equity market and interest rate fluctuations, including sensitivity disclosures as a result
                                  of current market conditions, refer to "Risk Management", note 6 to the Company's condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial
                                  statements for the period ended March 31, 2024.

                                  Assumption Changes and Management Actions
                                  Under IFRS 17, assumption changes on insurance risks and certain management actions directly impact CSM, for contracts which have CSM.
                                  The impact of assumption changes and certain management actions on CSM are measured at locked-in rates, for contracts measured under the
                                  General Measurement Model.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Net earnings impacts arise from the fair value impact of measuring assumption changes impacting CSM at fair value (relative to the impacts on
                                  CSM measured at locked-in rates), as well as assumption changes on financial risks on certain products and assumption changes on insurance
                                  risks on contracts which do not have CSM (including short-term insurance contracts).
                                  For the three months ended March 31, 2024, assumption changes and management actions resulted in a negative net earnings impact of $1
                                  million and a decrease in CSM of $10 million on non-participating business. These impacts arise from minor assumption changes and model
                                  refinements, and management actions relating to reinsurance on in-force business. This compares to a positive net earnings impact of $7
                                  million and a decrease in CSM of $6 million for the same quarter last year, and a positive net earnings impact of $83 million and a decrease in
                                  CSM of $200 million for the previous quarter.
                                  In the Canada segment, net earnings were positively impacted by $6 million and the CSM was positively impacted by $12 million. In the Europe
                                  segment, net earnings were not impacted and CSM was negatively impacted by $13 million. In the Capital and Risk Solutions segment, net
                                  earnings were negatively impacted by $7 million and the CSM was negatively impacted by $9 million.

                                  Other Items Excluded from Base Earnings
                                  For the first quarter of 2024, other items excluded from base earnings were negative $87 million compared to negative $51 million a year ago.
                                  Business transformation costs were $49 million, an increase of $30 million compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase was
                                  primarily due to provisions for restructuring costs in the Canada segment and integration and restructuring costs related to the Prudential
                                  acquisition in the U.S. segment. The results from discontinued operations for the first quarter of 2024 included a net loss of $115 million
                                  reflecting Putnam transaction related closing costs as well as a $44 million final gain on sale compared to a net loss of $19 million a year ago.

                                  Foreign Currency
                                  The average currency translation rate for the first quarter of 2024 increased for the euro and the British pound, while the U.S. dollar was flat
                                  compared to the first quarter of 2023. For the three months ended March 31, 2024, the overall impact of currency movement on the Company's
                                  base earnings was an increase of $6 million compared to translation rates a year ago. The overall impact of currency movement on the
                                  Company’s net earnings was an increase of $7 million compared to translation rates a year ago.
                                  From December 31, 2023 to March 31, 2024, the market rates at the end of the reporting period used to translate the U.S. dollar and the British
                                  pound assets and liabilities to the Canadian dollar increased, while the euro was flat. The movements in end-of-period exchange rates impact
                                  the translation of foreign operations, including related hedge activities, resulting in post-tax unrealized foreign exchange gains of $199 million
                                  in-quarter recorded in other comprehensive income.
                                  Translation rates for the reporting period and comparative periods are detailed in the "Translation of Foreign Currency" section.




                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             7


                                        B  8                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Taxes
The Company's effective income tax rate on earnings attributable to common shareholders and total Lifeco earnings are presented below.

                                                                                                                                        For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                  Mar. 31             Dec. 31              Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                   2024                2023                20232
    Base earnings - common shareholders1                                                                                               15.1 %               15.9 %                  10.8 %
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                                 15.1 %              (22.2)%                   6.5 %
    Net earnings - total Lifeco                                                                                                        13.4 %              (28.0)%                   4.6 %

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     The effective income tax rates for the comparative figures have been restated to exclude discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments from earnings.

The Company's effective income tax rate is generally lower than the statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits related to non-taxable
investment income and lower income tax in certain foreign jurisdictions.
In the first quarter of 2024, the effective income tax rate on base earnings for the common shareholders of 15.1% was up from 10.8% in the first
quarter of 2023, primarily due to changes in certain tax estimates and jurisdictional mix of earnings. In the first quarter of 2024, the effective
income tax rate on net earnings for the common shareholders of 15.1% was up from 6.5% in the first quarter of 2023, primarily due to the same
reasons discussed for the base earnings results, as well as lower non-taxable investment income. The global minimum tax, discussed below,
had a nominal impact of 0.3 percentage points on the effective income tax rate on both base earnings and common shareholders net earnings.
In the first quarter of 2024, the overall effective income tax rate on net earnings of 13.4%, was up from 4.6% in the first quarter of 2023, primarily
due to the same reasons discussed for the common shareholders net earnings results. The global minimum tax, discussed below, had a
nominal impact of 0.4 percentage points on the effective income tax rate on net earnings.
Refer to note 14 of the Company's condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the period ended March 31, 2024 for
further details.




                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD) published the Pillar Two model rules outlining a
structure for a new 15% global minimum tax regime. A number of countries where the Company operates, including Ireland, Germany, the U.K.
and Barbados, currently have enacted or substantively enacted Pillar Two legislation, effective January 1, 2024. Pillar Two draft legislation in
Canada has not been substantively enacted and therefore not reflected in first quarter results. It is expected that when Canada enacts its
legislation, it will apply retroactively to January 1, 2024.
The global minimum tax is complex in nature and will apply to Lifeco as part of a larger related group of companies. The Company currently
expects the global minimum tax to apply to income in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man, jurisdictions where the statutory tax rate is below 15%.
In the first quarter of 2024, the Company recognized a current tax expense of $4 million, primarily related to its operations in Ireland. Although
Barbados has substantively enacted legislation imposing a domestic minimum top-up tax, the imposition of this tax for 2024 only, is contingent
upon Canada enacting Pillar Two legislation; consequently, no Barbadian top-up tax was accrued in the first quarter of 2024.
If Canada had substantively enacted legislation, the additional top-up tax recognized for the first quarter of 2024 would have been
approximately $35 million. The Company expects an overall increase in its effective income tax rate on base earnings to be in the 2-4% range,
when legislation is enacted in all jurisdictions.




                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis            8


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               B  9
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Lifeco Value Drivers
                                  The Company has enhanced its reporting and disclosures to provide greater clarity and transparency into how the Company is creating value
                                  for shareholders and growing the business. The Company focuses on three key value drivers for its business:
                                  •        Workplace Solutions
                                  •        Wealth & Asset Management
                                  •        Insurance & Risk Solutions

                                  Lifeco Base Earnings by Value Driver
                                                                                                                                                                                For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                       Mar. 31                 Dec. 31           Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                        2024                    2023              2023
                                      Base earnings (loss)1,2
                                      Workplace Solutions                                                                                                        $                454 $                  489 $             445
                                      Wealth & Asset Management                                                                                                                   146                    144               119
                                      Insurance & Risk Solutions                                                                                                                  380                    383               292
                                      Corporate                                                                                                                                     32                    (45)             (30)
                                      Lifeco base earnings1,2                                                                                                    $             1,012 $                   971 $             826

                                      Lifeco net earnings from continuing operations3                                                                            $             1,031 $                   743 $             614

                                  1
                                        This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Comparative results are restated to exclude net earnings (losses) from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments in the Wealth & Asset Management value driver as well
                                       as the re-mapping of certain business units to value drivers in the Europe segment following internal reviews for the period ended March 31, 2023.
                                  3




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  The information in the table above is a summary of base earnings by the Company's value drivers. Additional commentary regarding base
                                  earnings by value drivers is included, as applicable, in the sections below.

                                  Workplace Solutions
                                  The Company has built millions of trusted relationships with customers through Workplace Solutions. These relationships are based on the
                                  consistent delivery of health and wellness benefits, as well as retirement solutions that are delivered at scale through employer sponsored plans
                                  as a core part of the business. The Company is also building lifetime customer relationships through a focus on deepening the advice and
                                  solutions to better meet customers' retirement, investment and wellness needs.

                                  Selected Financial Results
                                                                                                                                                                                For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                       Mar. 31                 Dec. 31           Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                        2024                    2023              2023
                                      Base earnings (loss)1,3                                                                                                    $                454 $                  489 $             445
                                      Retirement net cash flows2,3                                                                                                            (8,814)                  12,132         9,909
                                      Fee and other income3                                                                                                                    1,125                    1,089         1,019
                                      Group life and health book premiums2                                                                                                   17,444                    17,258        14,813

                                  1
                                        This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                        Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  3
                                        Following internal reviews, the mapping of certain business units to value drivers in the Europe segment has been modified and comparative results for the period ended March 31,
                                        2023 have been restated, as applicable.

                                  Base earnings
                                  Workplace Solutions base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 of $454 million increased by $9 million or 2% compared to the same quarter last
                                  year. The increase was primarily due to strong group disability results driven by improved morbidity experience and management pricing
                                  actions in the Canada segment, partially offset by lower health claims experience in the Europe segment.

                                  Net cash flows
                                  Net cash outflows for the first quarter of 2024 were $8.8 billion compared to net cash inflows of $9.9 billion for the same quarter last year,
                                  primarily due to a large plan redemption in Empower Defined Contribution. Large plan sales can be highly variable from period to period and
                                  tend to be lower margin; however, contribute to covering fixed overhead costs.

                                  Fee and other income
                                  Fee and other income for the first quarter of 2024 of $1,125 million increased by $106 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily
                                  due to higher equity market levels in Empower Defined Contribution and growth in administrative services only (ASO) fees in the Canada
                                  segment.




                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis                9


                                            B  10                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Group life and health book premiums
Group life and health book premiums at March 31, 2024 were $17,444 million, an increase of $186 million compared to December 31, 2023,
primarily due to organic growth of in-force business in the Canada and Europe segments.

Wealth & Asset Management
In partnership with over 106,000 advisor relationships globally at the start of 2024, the Company is delivering targeted and sophisticated
solutions supported by personalized advice to meet customers’ most complex personal wealth needs. The approach is enabled through
investments in technology platforms and in market leading managed solutions to help advisors continue to meet the evolving needs of
customers.

Selected Financial Results
                                                                                                                                         As at or for the three months ended
                                                                                                                                        Mar. 31        Dec. 31              Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                         2024           2023                 2023
    Base earnings (loss)1,3                                                                                                         $         146 $              144 $                119
    Wealth net cash flows2,3                                                                                                                  219             3,711                 6,257
    Fee and other income3                                                                                                                     528                456                  372
    CSM, segregated fund products4                                                                                                           3,424            3,309                 3,355

1
      This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
      Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
3
      Comparative results are restated to exclude net earnings (losses), net cash flows and fee and other income from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments as well as the
      re-mapping of certain business units to value drivers in the Europe segment following internal reviews for the period ended March 31, 2023.
4
      The U.S. segment does not have a material contractual service margin (CSM) balance and has been excluded.

Base earnings
Wealth & Asset Management base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 of $146 million increased by $27 million compared to the same quarter




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
last year. The increase was primarily due to higher net fee and spread income in the U.S. and Europe segments and from the addition of IPC
and Value Partners in the Canada segment, partially offset by a favourable tax item from 2023 that did not repeat in the Canada segment.

Net cash flows
Net cash inflows for the first quarter of 2024 were $219 million compared to net inflows of $6,257 million for the same quarter last year, primarily
driven by lower inflows in Empower Personal Wealth and lower wealth management sales in the Europe segment. These items were partially
offset by higher net inflows from the acquisitions of IPC and Value Partners in the Canada segment.

Fee and other income
Fee and other income for the first quarter of 2024 of $528 million increased by $156 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily
due to the additions of IPC and Value Partners in the Canada segment, higher assets under administration due to higher equity market levels
and overall growth in the U.S. segment as well as higher management fees from higher average assets under administration in the Europe
segment.

CSM, segregated fund products
Closing CSM for segregated fund products for the first quarter of 2024 of $3,424 million increased by $115 million compared to the fourth
quarter of 2023, primarily due to favourable market impacts in the Canada and Europe segments.




                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis       10


                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  11
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions
                                  The Company has a strong and stable insurance base which helps produce capital that is invested in areas of opportunity for growth.
                                  Additionally, with its sophisticated risk and capital management expertise, the Company is helping organizations manage their risks and deliver
                                  sustainable customer solutions. By leveraging this expertise, Lifeco is diversifying its portfolio, offsetting or counterbalancing risks and creating
                                  value for stakeholders including strong financial performance.

                                  Selected Financial Results
                                                                                                                                                                       As at or for the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                    Mar. 31                 Dec. 31           Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                     2024                    2023              2023
                                      Base earnings (loss)1,2                                                                                                 $                380 $                  383 $             292
                                      New business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products3                                                                  127                    105                59
                                      Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products3                                                                            6,209                   6,159          5,867

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Following internal reviews, the mapping of certain business units to value drivers in the Europe segment has been modified and comparative results for the periods ended March 31,
                                       2023 have been restated, as applicable.
                                  3
                                       The U.S. segment does not have a material contractual service margin (CSM) balance and has been excluded.

                                  Base earnings
                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 of $380 million increased by $88 million compared to the same quarter last
                                  year. The increase was primarily due to growth in the structured business and improved mortality experience in the U.S. traditional life
                                  business in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment as well as in the Europe segment.

                                  New business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products
                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions new business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products, for the first quarter of 2024 of $127
                                  million increased by $68 million compared to same quarter last year, primarily due to higher new business growth in bulk and individual




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  annuities in the U.K. in the Europe segment.

                                  Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products
                                  Ending non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products, for the first quarter of 2024, of $6,209 million increased by $50 million
                                  compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. The increase was primarily due to strong contributions of CSM from new business in the Europe
                                  segment.




                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis            11


                                           B  12                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Segmented Operating Results

The segmented operating results of Lifeco, including the comparative figures, are presented on an IFRS basis after capital allocation.
Consolidated operating results for Lifeco comprise the net earnings of Canada Life (and its operating subsidiaries), Empower and Putnam
(primarily reflected as discontinued operations), together with Lifeco's corporate results. The following sections analyze the performance of
Lifeco's four major reportable segments: Canada, United States (U.S.), Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions.

Translation of Foreign Currency
For the United States, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated into Canadian
dollars at the market rate at the end of the financial period. All income and expense items are translated at an average rate for the period.

Canada
The Canada segment of Lifeco includes the operating results of the Canadian businesses operated by Canada Life, together with an allocation of
a portion of Lifeco's corporate results.

2024 Developments
•   Canada Life Investment Management Ltd. (CLIML) merged 20 Canada Life mutual funds in January 2024; these mergers will make it easier
    for advisors and investors to navigate the Canada Life mutual fund lineup.
•   Our Financial Solutions Centre (FSC) continues to partner with advisors to help streamline their practices; last year the Company worked
    with nearly 200 advisors to engage with 130,000 clients and reach more than $1 billion dollars in assets under administration.
•   During the first quarter of 2024, the Company launched a new Universal Life product which provides better options for customers and
    advisors with a new stable growth account, competitive repricing and web-based illustrations.
•   More than 11,000 advisors and delegates to date have been onboarded to a new central digital platform, enabling access to view Canada
    Life business, find forms and access other resources and tools including a new digital segregated fund application which enables a
    seamless onboarding experience.




                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
•   During the first quarter of 2024, the Company transitioned some of its information technology operations functions to a managed service
    arrangement with an external provider. As a result, the Company recorded restructuring provisions of $23 million pre-tax, which included
    $21 million relating to the common shareholders' account and $2 million relating to the participating account. The Company expects to
    utilize a significant portion of these amounts during 2024.




                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis     12


                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  13
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Selected Financial Information - Canada
                                                                                                                                                                               For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                      Mar. 31                 Dec. 31              Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                       2024                    2023                 2023
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                        Workplace Solutions                                                                                                     $                190 $                   192 $               159
                                        Individual Wealth Management                                                                                                              52                      46                  61
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                                                                     58                      60                  43
                                        Corporate                                                                                                                                  2                       3                  15
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                                                                     $                302 $                    301 $              278
                                        Items excluded from base earnings                                                                                                         51                     (135)                (45)
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                        $                353 $                    166 $              233
                                      Sales2
                                         Group Life & Health                                                                                                    $               159 $                     135 $           180
                                         Group Retirement                                                                                                                       761                     1,143             758
                                        Workplace Solutions                                                                                                                     920                     1,278             938
                                        Individual Wealth Management                                                                                                          4,465                     2,869           2,658
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                                                                   155                       175             156
                                      Net cash flows2
                                        Group Retirement                                                                                                        $                253 $                    435 $           418
                                        Individual Wealth Management                                                                                                            (276)                    (572)           (437)
                                      Net cash flows2                                                                                                           $                 (23) $                 (137) $           (19)
                                      Fee and other income




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Workplace Solutions                                                                                                     $                263 $                   244 $               228
                                        Individual Wealth Management                                                                                                             190                     131                  90
                                        Corporate                                                                                                                                  7                       8                   7
                                      Fee and other income                                                                                                      $                460 $                   383 $               325
                                      Group life and health book premiums2                                                                                      $            14,985 $                  14,843 $        12,583

                                      Total assets                                                                                                              $          210,404 $                  203,784 $       196,302
                                        Other assets under management2,3                                                                                                    13,424                     13,056           3,960
                                      Total assets under management1                                                                                                       223,828                    216,840         200,262
                                        Other assets under administration2                                                                                                   59,294                    55,635          26,989
                                      Total assets under administration1                                                                                        $          283,122 $                  272,475 $       227,251

                                      Contractual service margin
                                        Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                                                                               $             1,166 $                   1,159 $         1,268
                                        Individual Wealth Management - Segregated Funds                                                                                       1,936                     1,846           1,903
                                        Insurance & Annuities - Participating                                                                                                 3,145                     2,867           3,161
                                      Contractual service margin                                                                                                $             6,247 $                   5,872 $         6,332
                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  3
                                       At March 31, 2024, Canada Life had $7.3 billion of proprietary mutual fund assets held by retail clients ($7.1 billion at December 31, 2023); however, $3.7 billion ($3.3 billion as at
                                       December 31, 2023) of these assets are consolidated as investments on account of segregated fund policyholders on the Company's balance sheet.

                                  Base and net earnings
                                  In the first quarter of 2024, the Canada segment's base earnings of $302 million increased by $24 million or 9% compared to the same quarter
                                  last year, reflecting strong group disability results driven by improved morbidity experience and management pricing actions, and the addition
                                  of IPC and Value Partners. The increase in Insurance & Annuities was driven by improved mortality and longevity experience and favourable
                                  estimates of income tax provisions. These items were partially offset by a favourable tax item from 2023 in Individual Wealth Management,
                                  which did not repeat, and lower earnings on surplus.
                                  In the first quarter of 2024, net earnings of $353 million increased by $120 million compared to the same quarter last year. Items excluded from
                                  base earnings were positive $51 million compared to negative $45 million for the same quarter last year. Market experience relative to
                                  expectations was positive $67 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared to negative $43 million in the same quarter last year mainly due to
                                  favourable changes in risk-free interest rates in the first quarter of 2024 and decreases in risk-free interest rates in the same quarter last year,
                                  partially offset by business transformation impacts of negative $17 million mainly related to provisions for restructuring costs in the Canada
                                  segment.




                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis                13


                                           B  14                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


For the first quarter of 2024, the net earnings attributable to the participating account was $26 million compared to a net loss of $22 million for
the same quarter last year, primarily driven by higher earnings on surplus and unfavourable impacts of changes in certain tax estimates in the
prior year that did not repeat.

Sales
Group life and health sales for the first quarter of 2024 of $159 million decreased by $21 million compared to the same quarter last year, due to
lower national account sales, partially offset by higher mid-market sales. Group retirement sales for the first quarter of 2024 of $761 million
were comparable to the same quarter last year. Individual wealth management sales for the first quarter of 2024 of $4,465 million increased by
$1,807 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to higher mutual fund sales driven by the acquisitions of IPC and Value
Partners as well as higher segregated fund sales. Insurance and annuities sales for the first quarter of 2024 of $155 million were comparable to
the same quarter last year.

Group life and health book premiums
Group life and health book premiums at March 31, 2024 were $14,985 million, an increase of $142 million compared to December 31, 2023,
primarily due to organic growth of in-force business.

Net cash flows
In the first quarter of 2024, net cash outflows were $23 million compared to net cash outflows of $19 million for the same quarter last year,
primarily due to higher group terminations and higher individual wealth mutual fund withdrawals, partially offset by the additions of IPC and
Value Partners and higher individual wealth sales.

Fee and other income
Fee and other income for the first quarter of 2024 of $460 million increased by $135 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily
due to growth in administrative services only (ASO) fees and the acquisitions of IPC and Value Partners.

Contractual service margin (CSM)
Contractual service margin at March 31, 2024 was $6,247 million, an increase of $375 million compared to December 31, 2023, primarily driven
by favourable market movement on segregated fund CSM and favourable interest impact on participating CSM.

United States




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The United States segment operating results for Lifeco include the results of Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America (Empower),
PanAgora Asset Management and the results of the legacy insurance businesses in the U.S. branch of Canada Life, together with an allocation of
a portion of Lifeco's corporate results. Items not associated directly with or allocated to Empower and PanAgora Asset Management, including
a retained block of life insurance, predominately participating policies, which are now administered by Protective Life, as well as a closed life
retrocession block are included in the Corporate business unit. The U.S. segment also includes the results of Putnam Investments classified as
discontinued operations.

2024 Developments
•    In the United States, on January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin Resources,
     Inc., operating as "Franklin Templeton", in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash, and contingent consideration of up to
     US$375 million over a five to seven-year period. In the first quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a net loss of $115 million reflecting
     closing costs as well as a $44 million final gain on sale within discontinued operations. Lifeco retains its controlling interest in PanAgora
     Asset Management, a leading quantitative asset manager. The Company currently holds approximately 31,600,000 Franklin Templeton
     shares and will hold a majority of these shares for a minimum five-year period.
     In addition to the sale, Lifeco, along with Power Corporation of Canada and Franklin Templeton, has entered into a strategic partnership to
     distribute Franklin Templeton products. Lifeco will provide an initial long-term asset allocation of US$25 billion assets under
     management to Franklin Templeton within 12 months of closing with the potential for that amount to increase over the next several years.
•    On April 1, 2022, Empower completed the acquisition of the full-service retirement services business of Prudential.
     Subsequent to the first quarter of 2024, Empower completed the migration of Prudential's retirement services business onto Empower's
     recordkeeping platform, achieving the expected annualized run-rate cost synergies of US$180 million. Revenue synergies of US$20 million
     are expected on an annualized run-rate basis by the end of 2024 and are expected to grow to US$50 million by the end of 2026.
     Empower expects to incur one-time integration and restructuring expenses of US$170 million pre-tax related to the Prudential acquisition,
     US$31 million pre-tax of which were incurred in the first quarter of 2024.

                                                                                                                                                             Total expensed
     (in US$ millions)                                                                                                   For the three months ended              to date
                                                                                                                             Mar. 31       Dec. 31                Mar. 31
                                                                                                                              2024          2023                   2024
     Restructuring and integration (pre-tax)                                                                             $    31       $    19              $    164
     Restructuring and integration (post-tax)                                                                                 23            14                   122




                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis      14


                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  15
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Selected Financial Information - United States
                                                                                                                                                                               For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                      Mar. 31                 Dec. 31             Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                       2024                    2023                2023
                                      Base earnings (loss) (US$)1
                                        Empower Defined Contribution                                                                                            $                162 $                   155 $              166
                                        Empower Personal Wealth                                                                                                                    38                     40                 20
                                        Asset Management3                                                                                                                          (3)                     —                  (4)
                                        Corporate                                                                                                                                  14                      (2)              (19)
                                      Base earnings (loss) (US$)                                                                                                $                211 $                   193 $              163
                                        Items excluded from base earnings (US$)                                                                                                   (39)                    (51)               (35)
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations (US$)2                                                                            $                172 $                   142 $              128

                                      Base earnings (loss) (C$)1,3                                                                                              $                286 $                   261 $              218
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations (C$)2                                                                             $                233 $                   194 $              170
                                                            2
                                      Net flows (US$)
                                        Empower Defined Contribution                                                                                            $            (7,019) $                  8,301 $        6,914
                                        Empower Personal Wealth                                                                                                               1,286                     1,653          3,143
                                        Asset Management3                                                                                                                    (1,800)                     (995)          (589)
                                      Net flows (US$)2                                                                                                          $            (7,533) $                  8,959 $        9,468
                                                        2
                                      Net flows (C$)                                                                                                            $           (10,170) $                 12,184 $       12,782

                                      Fee and other income (US$)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Empower Defined Contribution                                                                                            $                600 $                   586 $              548
                                        Empower Personal Wealth                                                                                                                  118                     109                 88
                                        Asset Management3                                                                                                                         21                      19                 21
                                        Corporate                                                                                                                                  2                      —                  —
                                      Fee and other income (US$)                                                                                                $                741 $                   714 $              657
                                      Fee and other income (C$)                                                                                                 $             1,001 $                    970 $              887

                                      Total assets (US$)                                                                                                        $          232,384 $                  229,947 $      224,773
                                                                                                               2
                                        Continuing operations - other assets under management                                                                                91,741                   108,268         99,971
                                        Discontinued operations - other assets under management2                                                                                   —                  121,478        113,024
                                      Total assets under management1                                                                                                       324,125                    459,693        437,768
                                        Other assets under administration2                                                                                              1,364,241               1,270,267          1,123,756
                                      Total assets under administration (US$)1                                                                                  $       1,688,366 $             1,729,960 $        1,561,524
                                      Total assets under administration (C$)1                                                                                   $       2,279,294 $             2,300,847 $        2,108,057
                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  3
                                       Comparative results are restated to exclude discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
                                       Note: The United States segment does not have a material contractual service margin (CSM) balance.

                                  Base earnings and net earnings from continuing operations
                                  In the first quarter of 2024, net earnings from continuing operations increased by US$44 million to US$172 million compared to the same
                                  quarter last year. Base earnings of US$211 million increased by US$48 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to
                                  increased fee income due to higher equity markets and growth in the business, higher earnings on surplus assets and US$20 million of pre-tax
                                  dividend income on the Franklin Templeton shares acquired through the Putnam divestiture. This was partially offset by higher paid crediting
                                  rates resulting in lower spread income and in part due to higher marketing spend.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings were negative US$39 million compared to negative US$35 million for the same quarter last year, primarily
                                  due to higher restructuring and integration costs associated with the Prudential acquisition.

                                  Net flows
                                  In the first quarter of 2024, net outflows were US$7.5 billion compared to net inflows of US$9.5 billion for the same quarter last year, primarily
                                  due to one large plan terminating, partially offset by the addition of another large plan in the first quarter of 2024. Large plan sales and
                                  terminations can be highly variable from period to period and tend to result in lower margins but nonetheless contribute to covering fixed
                                  overhead costs.




                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis               15


                                           B  16                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Fee and other income
Fee income is derived primarily from assets under management, assets under administration, shareholder servicing fees, administration and
recordkeeping services, investment advisory services, investment management fees, performance fees, transfer agency and other service fees, as
well as underwriting and distribution fees.
Fee and other income for the first quarter of 2024 of US$741 million increased by US$84 million compared to the same quarter last year. The
increase was primarily due to higher equity market levels and assets under administration due to overall growth in the business.

Europe
The Europe segment is comprised of three distinct business units: Workplace Solutions, Individual Wealth & Asset Management and Insurance
& Annuities. The segment serves customers in the United Kingdom (U.K.), Ireland and Germany. The Company operates under the Canada
Life brand in the U.K. and Germany and under the Irish Life brand in Ireland along with other acquired brands within the broker market in
Ireland.

2024 Developments
•   On January 23, 2024, Canada Life U.K. announced the closure of the Select Account, The Retirement Account and the Canada Life Trustee
    Investment Plan to new business with immediate effect. These onshore wealth products represent less than 1% of the Canada Life U.K.
    customer base. This decision allows Canada Life U.K. to focus resources and development activity on its core lines of business, including
    offshore wealth products. The Company recorded related provisions in the fourth quarter of 2023.
•   Canada Life U.K. wrote seven bulk annuity sales by the end of the first quarter of 2024, aggregating to $0.6 billion (£0.4 billion). The first
    quarter of 2024 was a record quarter for the number of transactions that were secured by the Company. The U.K. bulk annuities market
    has remained buoyant as companies seek to de-risk their balance sheets from changes in the value of pension liabilities.
•   During the first quarter of 2024, the Canada Life U.K. Protection Flexible Benefits portfolio achieved a record $257 million (£150 million) of
    annual premiums. Flexible benefits allow employees greater choice over the coverage they receive and is the fastest-growing area in the
    U.K. group protection market.
•   'MyIrishLife', Irish Life’s digital portal for customers that launched in 2022, reached 253,000 activated users at the end of the first quarter of




                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    2024. The portal provides a customized and user-friendly customer experience and is central to the digitalization plans for the business.
•   In Germany, the business completed the migration of all its policies in the first quarter of 2024 onto a new administration platform and is
    now focused on realizing the benefits from this multi-year technology investment.




                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis     16


                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  17
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Selected Financial Information - Europe
                                                                                                                                                                               For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                      Mar. 31                 Dec. 31             Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                       2024                    2023                2023
                                      Base earnings (loss)1,4
                                        Workplace Solutions                                                                                                     $                 44 $                    87 $               62
                                        Individual Wealth & Asset Management                                                                                                      46                      43                 36
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                                                                    101                      91                 96
                                        Corporate                                                                                                                                 13                       (8)              (16)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1,4                                                                                                   $                204 $                   213 $              178
                                        Items excluded from base earnings                                                                                                         (17)                     4            (138)
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                                                                 $                187 $                   217 $               40
                                           2
                                      Sales
                                        Workplace Solutions                                                                                                     $               411 $                     596 $          439
                                        Individual Wealth & Asset Management                                                                                                  5,304                     6,260          6,944
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                                                                 1,560                     1,216            423
                                      Net cash flows2,4
                                        Workplace Solutions                                                                                                     $               409 $                     408 $          157
                                        Individual Wealth & Asset Management                                                                                                  1,189                     3,388          3,246
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                                                                    20                        30             22
                                      Net cash flows2,4                                                                                                         $             1,618 $                   3,826 $        3,425
                                      Fee and other income4




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                         Workplace Solutions                                                                                                    $                 51 $                    49 $               51
                                         Individual Wealth & Asset Management                                                                                                    151                     151                135
                                         Insurance & Annuities and Corporate                                                                                                       6                       1                 —
                                      Fee and other income4                                                                                                     $                208 $                   201 $              186

                                      Group life and health book premiums2                                                                                      $             2,459 $                   2,415 $        2,230

                                      Total assets                                                                                                              $          203,583 $                  194,529 $      182,867
                                        Other assets under management2                                                                                                      67,376                     63,525         56,858
                                      Total assets under management1                                                                                                       270,959                    258,054        239,725
                                        Other assets under administration2,3                                                                                                 12,772                    12,076         11,878
                                      Total assets under administration1                                                                                        $          283,731 $                  270,130 $      251,603

                                      Contractual service margin
                                        Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                                                                               $             3,307 $                   3,255 $        2,837
                                        Individual Wealth & Asset Management - Segregated Funds                                                                               1,488                     1,463          1,452
                                      Contractual service margin                                                                                                $             4,795 $                   4,718 $        4,289
                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  3
                                       At March 31, 2024, other assets under administration excludes $14.3 billion of assets managed for other business units within the Lifeco group of companies ($12.7 billion at
                                       December 31, 2023 and $11.4 billion at March 31, 2023).
                                  4
                                       Following internal reviews, the mapping of certain business units to value drivers has been modified and comparative results for the periods ended March 31, 2023 have been restated,
                                       as applicable.

                                  Base and net earnings
                                  In the first quarter of 2024, the Europe segment's net earnings of $187 million increased by $147 million compared to the same quarter last year.
                                  Base earnings of $204 million increased by $26 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to growth in earnings on surplus
                                  driven by higher yields from increasing interest rates in the U.K., increased fee income from higher assets under administration as well as
                                  improved mortality experience in Ireland. These increases are partially offset by adverse group health claims experience.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 were negative $17 million compared to negative $138 million for the same
                                  quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to improved market experience related to interest rates and commercial property values in the
                                  U.K. compared to the same quarter last year.

                                  Sales
                                  Individual wealth and asset management sales for the first quarter of 2024 of $5,304 million decreased by $1,640 million compared to the same
                                  quarter last year, primarily due to lower wealth fund management sales in Ireland. Insurance and annuities sales for the first quarter of 2024 of
                                  $1,560 million increased by $1,137 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to strong bulk annuity sales and higher



                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis              17


                                              B  18                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


individual annuity sales in the U.K. driven by market growth. Workplace Solutions sales for the first quarter of 2024 of $411 million decreased by
$28 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to lower pension sales in Ireland.

Group life and health book premiums
Group life and health book premiums at March 31, 2024 were $2.5 billion, an increase of $44 million compared to December 31, 2023, primarily
due to organic growth of in-force business.

Net cash flows
In the first quarter of 2024, net cash inflows were $1.6 billion compared to net cash inflows of $3.4 billion for the same quarter last year. The
decrease was primarily due to lower wealth fund management sales in Ireland, partially offset by lower outflows in Workplace Solutions due to
market conditions in the same quarter last year that did not repeat.

Fee and other income
Fee and other income for the first quarter of 2024 increased by $22 million to $208 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due
to higher management fees from higher average assets under administration.

Contractual service margin
Contractual service margin at March 31, 2024 was $4,795 million, an increase of $77 million compared to December 31, 2023, primarily due to
strong contributions of CSM from new business for non-participating products, impacts of higher markets for segregated funds and currency
movement.

Capital and Risk Solutions
The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Lifeco's reinsurance business and an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's corporate results.
Capital and Risk Solutions also includes the results for the Company's legacy international businesses.
At Lifeco, the Capital and Risk Solutions offerings are generally included as Insurance & Risk Solutions value driver. The segment's surplus
earnings and an allocation of corporate capital are included in Corporate.

2024 Developments




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
•       The Capital and Risk Solutions segment continued to grow by providing tailored solutions to customers while increasing diversification
        within the portfolio. In 2024, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment continues to expand its international presence in targeted new
        markets, while continuing to focus on core markets and product expansion in Europe and the U.S. In the first quarter of 2024, the
        Company entered into numerous transactions, primarily in the structured products segment.
•       The Company offers property catastrophe coverage to reinsurance companies and as a result, the Company is exposed to potential claims
        arising from major weather events and other catastrophic events, primarily hurricanes, windstorms and earthquakes. Current preliminary
        estimates of industry losses arising from catastrophe events in the first quarter of 2024 do not reach the level where any significant claims
        would be anticipated. In addition, the Company continues to monitor potential impacts of recent geopolitical conflicts, which are not
        expected to have a material effect on results.

Selected Financial Information - Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                           For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                      Mar. 31        Dec. 31              Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                       2024           2023                 2023
    Base earnings (loss)1
      Reinsurance                                                                                                                 $         221 $              232 $                153
      Corporate                                                                                                                               1                   4                   4
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                                                                         $         222 $              236 $                157
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                                                                      38                 (21)                 27
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                            $         260 $              215 $                184

    Total assets2                                                                                                                 $        9,017 $          9,088 $               9,240

    Contractual service margin
      Reinsurance - Non-Participating                                                                                             $        1,736 $          1,745 $               1,762
      Reinsurance - Participating                                                                                                             23               24                    24
    Contractual service margin                                                                                                    $        1,759 $          1,769 $               1,786

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     The Capital and Risk Solutions segment does not have assets under management or other assets under administration.

Base and net earnings
In the first quarter of 2024, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment's net earnings of $260 million increased by $76 million compared to the same
quarter last year. Base earnings of $222 million increased by $65 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to growth in the
Structured business and favourable experience primarily driven by the U.S. traditional life business.




                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis       18


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  19
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  Items excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 were $38 million compared to $27 million for the same quarter last year due to
                                  relative market experience from interest rate and spread movements.

                                  Contractual service margin
                                  Contractual service margin at March 31, 2024 was $1,759 million, a decrease of $10 million compared to December 31, 2023, primarily due to
                                  business run-off that was partially offset by new business and currency impacts.

                                  Lifeco Corporate
                                  The Lifeco Corporate segment includes operating results for activities of Lifeco that are not associated with the major business units of the
                                  Company.

                                  Selected Financial Information - Lifeco Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                             For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                    Mar. 31                 Dec. 31            Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                     2024                    2023               2023
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                                                                   $                  (2) $                (40) $              (5)
                                        Items excluded from base earnings                                                                                                        —                     (9)                (8)
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                                                               $                  (2) $                (49) $             (13)

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  In the first quarter of 2024, Lifeco Corporate had a net loss of $2 million compared to a net loss of $13 million for the same period last year. Base
                                  loss of $2 million decreased by $3 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to lower operating expenses.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 were nil compared to negative $8 million for the same quarter last year, primarily
                                  due to unfavourable market experience relative to expectations in the prior year.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis              19


                                           B  20                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Consolidated Financial Position

Assets
    Assets under administration1
                                                                                                             United                                Capital and
                                                                                    Canada                   States                Europe         Risk Solutions              Total
    As at March 31, 2024
    Assets
       Invested assets                                                         $           90,479       $         86,104       $      42,457     $            8,633     $          227,673
       Insurance contract assets                                                              440                    303                 339                    200                  1,282
       Reinsurance contract held assets                                                     1,142                 12,437               3,694                    134                 17,407
       Goodwill and intangible assets                                                       6,554                  6,214               3,039                     —                  15,807
       Other assets                                                                         5,259                 16,044               3,877                     50                 25,230
       Investments on account of segregated fund
          policyholders                                                                  106,530                192,616              150,177                      —                449,323
    Total assets                                                                         210,404                313,718              203,583                  9,017                736,722
      Other assets under management2                                                      13,424                123,851               67,376                     —                 204,651
    Total assets under management1                                                       223,828               437,569               270,959                  9,017             941,373
      Other assets under administration2                                                  59,294             1,841,725                12,772                     —            1,913,791
    Total assets under administration1                                         $         283,122        $    2,279,294         $     283,731     $            9,017     $     2,855,164

    As at December 31, 2023
    Assets
       Invested assets                                                         $           89,382       $         86,715       $      41,981     $            8,732     $          226,810




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
       Insurance contract assets                                                              400                    291                 331                    171                  1,193
       Reinsurance contract held assets                                                     1,243                 12,243               3,713                    133                 17,332
       Goodwill and intangible assets                                                       6,545                  6,151               3,037                     —                  15,733
       Other assets                                                                         4,964                 16,192               3,531                     52                 24,739
       Assets held for sale3                                                                     —                 4,467                    —                     —                  4,467
       Investments on account of segregated fund
          policyholders                                                                  101,250                179,770              141,936                      —                422,956
    Total assets                                                                         203,784                305,829              194,529                  9,088                713,230
      Continuing operations - other assets under
        management2                                                                        13,056               143,997               63,525                      —                220,578
      Discontinued operations - other assets under
         management2,4                                                                           —              161,566                     —                     —                161,566
    Total assets under management1                                                       216,840                611,392              258,054                  9,088           1,095,374
      Other assets under administration2                                                   55,635            1,689,455                12,076                      —           1,757,166
    Total assets under administration1                                         $         272,475        $    2,300,847         $     270,130     $            9,088     $     2,852,540

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
3
     On May 31, 2023, Lifeco announced an agreement to sell Putnam Investments to Franklin Templeton. Beginning Q2 2023, the related assets were classified as assets held for sale. The
     transaction closed on January 1, 2024.
4
     At Q4 2023, other assets under management related to Putnam Investments were classified as discontinued operations - other assets under management.
Total assets under administration (AUA) at March 31, 2024 increased by $2.6 billion to $2.9 trillion compared to December 31, 2023, primarily
due to the impact of equity market movement, partially offset by the divestiture of Putnam Investments.

Invested Assets
The Company manages its general fund assets to support the cash flow, liquidity and profitability requirements of the Company's insurance and
investment products. The Company's investment policies are designed to be prudent and conservative, so that assets are not unduly exposed to
concentration, credit or market risks. Within the framework of the Company’s policies, the Company implements strategies and reviews and
adjusts them on an ongoing basis considering liability cash flows and capital market conditions. The majority of investments of the general
fund are in medium-term and long-term fixed-income investments, primarily bonds and mortgages, reflecting the characteristics of the
Company’s liabilities.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis        20


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  21
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Bond portfolio
                                  It is the Company's policy to acquire primarily investment grade bonds subject to prudent and well-defined investment policies. Modest
                                  investments in below investment grade rated securities may occur while not changing the overall discipline and conservative approach to the
                                  investment strategy. The total bond portfolio, including short-term investments, was $156.0 billion or 69% of invested assets at March 31, 2024
                                  compared to $157.1 billion or 69% at December 31, 2023. The decrease in the bond portfolio was primarily due to disposals as well as a decline
                                  in fair values resulting from an increase in bond yields across all geographies. The overall quality of the bond portfolio remained high, with 99%
                                  of the portfolio rated investment grade and 70% rated A or higher.
                                  Bond credit ratings reflect bond rating agency activity up to March 31, 2024. Management continues to closely monitor bond rating agency
                                  activity and general market conditions.

                                      Bond portfolio quality
                                                                                                                                             As at March 31, 2024                          As at December 31, 2023
                                         AAA                                                                                         $          22,122                     14 % $              24,298            15 %
                                         AA                                                                                                     30,723                     20                  31,435            20
                                         A                                                                                                      55,923                     36                  54,807            35
                                         BBB                                                                                                    45,545                     29                  44,811            29
                                         BB or lower                                                                                             1,695                      1                    1,700             1
                                      Total                                                                                          $        156,008                    100 % $                 157,051       100 %

                                  Mortgage portfolio
                                  It is the Company’s practice to acquire high quality commercial mortgages meeting strict underwriting standards and diversification criteria.
                                  The Company has a well-defined risk-rating system, which it uses in its underwriting and credit monitoring processes for commercial loans.
                                  The majority of the commercial mortgages held in the Europe segment are classified as amortized cost and therefore there are no fair value
                                  movements recorded on these holdings. Equity release mortgages are originated in the Europe segment following well-defined lending criteria
                                  and held in the Canada, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments. Equity release mortgages are loans provided to people who want to
                                  continue living in their homes while accessing some of the underlying equity value in their homes. Loans are typically repaid when the




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  borrower dies or moves into long-term care.


                                                                                                                   As at March 31, 2024                                             As at December 31, 2023
                                      Mortgage loans by type                              Insured1               Non-insured         Total                                           Total
                                        Single family residential                    $              318      $              1,145        $             1,463                   4% $       1,511           4%
                                        Multi-family residential                                  2,510                     6,771                      9,281                  24          9,372          24
                                        Equity release                                               —                      4,373                      4,373                  12          4,203          11
                                         Commercial                                                   —                   23,098                     23,098                   60                  23,328        61
                                      Total                                          $            2,828      $            35,387         $           38,215                 100 % $               38,414       100 %

                                  1
                                       Insured mortgages include mortgages where insurance is provided by a third party and protects the Company in the event that the borrower is unable to fulfill their mortgage
                                       obligations.
                                  The total mortgage portfolio was $38.2 billion or 17% of invested assets at March 31, 2024, compared to $38.4 billion or 17% of invested assets at
                                  December 31, 2023. At March 31, 2024, total insured loans were $2.8 billion or 7% of the mortgage portfolio, compared to $2.9 billion or 8% at
                                  December 31, 2023.

                                  Derivative Financial Instruments
                                  During the first quarter of 2024, there were no major changes to the Company's policies and procedures with respect to the use of derivative
                                  financial instruments. The Company’s derivative transactions are generally governed by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association,
                                  Inc. (ISDA) Master Agreement, which provide for legally enforceable set-off and close-out netting of exposure to specific counterparties in the
                                  event of an early termination of a transaction, which includes, but is not limited to, events of default and bankruptcy. In the event of an early
                                  termination, the Company is permitted to set off receivables from a counterparty against payables to the same counterparty, in the same legal
                                  entity, arising out of all included transactions. The Company’s ISDA Master Agreement may include Credit Support Annex provisions, which
                                  require both the pledging and accepting of collateral in connection with its derivative transactions.
                                  At March 31, 2024, total financial collateral, including initial margin and overcollateralization, received on derivative assets was $1.4 billion
                                  ($1.7 billion at December 31, 2023) and pledged on derivative liabilities was $1.6 billion ($0.8 billion at December 31, 2023). Collateral received
                                  on derivatives assets decreased and collateral pledged on derivatives liabilities increased in 2024, primarily driven by the impact of the U.S.
                                  dollar strengthening against the Canadian dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay U.S. and receive Canadian dollars.
                                  During the three-month period ended March 31, 2024, the outstanding notional amount of derivative contracts increased by $2.6 billion to
                                  $54.5 billion, primarily due to increases in volume of regular hedging activities.
                                  The Company’s exposure to derivative counterparty credit risk, which reflects the current fair value of those instruments in a gain position,
                                  decreased to $1.9 billion at March 31, 2024 from $2.2 billion at December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by the impact of the U.S.
                                  dollar strengthening against the Canadian dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay U.S. and receive Canadian dollars. There were no changes to
                                  derivative counterparty ratings during the first quarter of 2024 and all had investment grade ratings as of March 31, 2024.




                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis          21


                                              B  22                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Liabilities

    Total Liabilities
                                                                                                                                  As at March 31, 2024     As at December 31, 2023
     Insurance contract liabilities                                                                                           $                145,018     $              144,388
     Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                            87,599                     88,919
     Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                         679                         648
     Other general fund liabilities                                                                                                             23,864                     24,061
     Liabilities held for sale1                                                                                                                     —                        2,407
     Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                            62,468                     60,302
     Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                          386,855                    362,654
    Total                                                                                                                     $                706,483     $                      683,379
1
     On May 31, 2023, Lifeco announced an agreement to sell Putnam Investments to Franklin Templeton. Beginning Q2 2023, the related liabilities were classified as liabilities held for
     sale. The transaction closed on January 1, 2024.
Total liabilities increased by $23.1 billion to $706.5 billion at March 31, 2024 from December 31, 2023.
Insurance contract liabilities increased by $0.6 billion. The increase was primarily due to market movements, partially offset by normal
business movements.
Investment contract liabilities decreased by $1.3 billion. The decrease was primarily due to normal business movements.
Other general fund liabilities decreased by $0.2 billion. The decrease was primarily due to a reduction in accounts payable, partially offset by an
increase in derivative financial instruments.
Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $26.4 billion, primarily due to the combined
impact of market value gains and investment income of $23.3 billion and the positive impact of currency movement of $3.2 billion, partially
offset by net withdrawals of $1.3 billion.




                                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and investment income, will
be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in-force. Insurance and investment contract liabilities are
determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Also, refer
to the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of this document for further details.

Insurance Contract Liabilities and Assets
    Insurance contract liabilities and assets1
                                                                       Insurance contracts not under PAA method
                                                          Estimates of                Risk                                                                                  Total net
                                                         present value           adjustment for                                                      Contracts             insurance
                                                         of future cash           non-financial  Contractual                                         under PAA               contract
                                                              flows                   risk      service margin                         Total          method                liabilities
    As at March 31, 2024
    Canada                                             $             96,953 $                   1,875 $                6,247 $           105,075 $             8,940 $            114,015
    United States                                                    18,659                       133                    246              19,038                   3               19,041
    Europe                                                           42,082                     1,059                  4,795              47,936               3,584               51,520
    Capital and Risk Solutions                                          780                     2,112                  1,759               4,651                 249                4,900
    Total                                              $           158,474 $                    5,179 $               13,047 $           176,700 $          12,776 $              189,476

    As at December 31, 2023
    Canada                                             $             95,943 $                   1,935 $                5,872 $           103,750 $             9,267 $            113,017
    United States                                                    18,187                       136                    276              18,599                   1               18,600
    Europe                                                           40,615                     1,064                  4,718              46,397               3,614               50,011
    Capital and Risk Solutions                                        1,029                     2,162                  1,769               4,960                 225                5,185
    Total                                              $           155,774 $                    5,297 $               12,635 $           173,706 $          13,107 $              186,813

1
     Insurance contract liabilities and assets presented in the above tables also include insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders and reinsurance contract held
     assets and liabilities.
At March 31, 2024, total net insurance contract liabilities were $189.5 billion, an increase of $2.7 billion from December 31, 2023. The increase
in net insurance contract liabilities was primarily due to market movements, partially offset by normal business movements.




                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis            22


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  23
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Contractual Service Margin (CSM)
                                  The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the Company expects to recognize in the future as it provides
                                  services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group of insurance contracts, if the total of the fulfilment cash flows, any derecognized
                                  assets for insurance acquisition cash flows and any cash flows arising at that date is a net inflow, then the group is classified as non-onerous. For
                                  non-onerous contracts, the CSM is measured as the equal and opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no income or expenses
                                  arising on initial recognition.
                                  If the total is a net outflow, then the group of insurance contracts is onerous. In this case, the net outflow is recognized as a loss in the current
                                  period. A loss component is created to depict any losses recognized in the current period, which determines the amounts that are subsequently
                                  recognized in future periods as reversals on onerous groups.

                                      Contractual service margin (CSM) continuity1
                                                                                             Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                                             Capital
                                                                                                         United                             and Risk
                                                                                        Canada           States             Europe          Solutions             Total          Seg Funds               Par              Total
                                      CSM beginning of period,                      $      1,159     $           24     $       3,255      $       1,745      $       6,183      $       3,298       $    3,154       $    12,635
                                      December 31, 2023
                                        Impact of new insurance business                       12                —                107                    8              127                  44                24             195
                                        Expected movements from asset                            8               —                  18                 10                 36                 59                50             145
                                          returns & locked-in rates
                                        CSM recognized for services                           (34)                (1)              (67)               (38)             (140)              (102)                (37)          (279)
                                           provided
                                        Insurance experience gains/losses                        9                (1)              (17)                10                   1               (53)                —             (52)
                                      Organic CSM movement                          $           (5) $             (2) $             41     $          (10) $              24     $          (52) $             37     $           9
                                        Impact of markets                                      —                 —                  —                  —                  —                157                 216            373




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Impact of changes in assumptions                       12                —                 (14)                 (9)              (11)                  1                —             (10)
                                        and management actions
                                        Currency impact                                        —                   1                25                 10                 36                 —                  4                 40
                                      Total CSM movement                            $            7   $            (1) $             52     $            (9) $             49     $         106       $         257    $       412
                                      CSM end of period, March 31,                  $      1,166     $           23     $       3,307      $       1,736      $       6,232      $       3,404       $    3,411       $    13,047
                                      2024

                                  1
                                       The CSM shown in the above table is presented net of reinsurance contracts held and includes CSM attributed to insurance contract assets and insurance contract liabilities.
                                  At March 31, 2024, total contractual service margin on non-participating business excluding segregated funds was $6.2 billion, an increase of
                                  $49 million from December 31, 2023. The increase was mainly driven by currency impacts of $36 million and organic contractual service
                                  margin growth of $24 million, partially offset by minor impacts from assumption changes and management actions.
                                  At March 31, 2024, total contractual service margin was $13.0 billion, an increase of $412 million from December 31, 2023. The increase was
                                  mainly driven by impacts of market movements of $373 million and currency impacts of $40 million.
                                  Further detail on the assumption changes and management actions on non-participating business is provided in the section "Assumption
                                  Changes and Management Actions".

                                  Lifeco Capital Structure
                                  In establishing the appropriate mix of capital required to support the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, management utilizes a
                                  variety of debt, equity and other hybrid instruments considering both the short and long-term capital needs of the Company.

                                  Debentures and Other Debt Instruments
                                  At March 31, 2024, debentures and other debt instruments increased by $13 million to $9,059 million compared to December 31, 2023.

                                  Share Capital and Surplus
                                  Share capital outstanding at March 31, 2024 was $10,242 million, which comprises $6,022 million of common shares and $2,720 million of
                                  preferred shares and $1,500 million Limited Recourse Capital Notes (LRCN Series 1). Preferred shares included $2,470 million of non-
                                  cumulative First Preferred Shares and $250 million of non-cumulative 5-year rate reset First Preferred Shares.
                                  The Company renewed its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) effective January 29, 2024 for one year to purchase and cancel up to 20,000,000 of its
                                  common shares at market prices in order to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options granted under the Company's Stock Option Plan and for
                                  other capital management purposes. Effective March 5, 2024, the Company entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP). The ASPP
                                  is intended to facilitate repurchases of common shares under the NCIB, including at times when the Company would ordinarily not be
                                  permitted to make purchases due to regulatory restrictions or self-imposed blackout periods. All purchases of common shares made under the
                                  ASPP are included in determining the number of common shares purchased under the NCIB. Any common shares purchased by the
                                  Corporation pursuant to the NCIB will be cancelled.
                                  During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled 228,560 common shares under the
                                  current NCIB at an average cost per share of $42.90.



                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis                    23


                                           B  24                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Liquidity and Capital Management

Liquidity
    Total Liquid Assets

                                                                                                                On-balance sheet               Non-liquid/
                                                                                                                     assets                     Pledged            Net liquid assets
    As at March 31, 2024
    Cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds
      Cash and cash equivalents1                                                                               $                   7,708   $                9     $                 7,699
      Short-term bonds2                                                                                                            4,123                   93                       4,030
      Sub-total                                                                                                $                  11,831   $              102     $                11,729

    Other assets and marketable securities
      Government bonds2                                                                                        $               37,276      $          11,026      $                26,250
      Corporate bonds2                                                                                                        114,609                 54,143                       60,466
      Stocks1                                                                                                                  17,915                  4,632                       13,283
      Mortgage loans1                                                                                                          38,215                 35,386                        2,829
      Sub-total                                                                                                $              208,015      $         105,187      $               102,828

    Total                                                                                                      $              219,846      $         105,289      $               114,557

    As at December 31, 2023
    Cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Cash and cash equivalents1                                                                               $                   7,742   $                 12   $                 7,730
      Short-term bonds2                                                                                                            5,876                     —                      5,876
      Sub-total                                                                                                $                  13,618   $                 12   $                13,606

    Other assets and marketable securities
      Government bonds2                                                                                        $               38,369      $           10,639     $                27,730
      Corporate bonds2                                                                                                        112,806                  53,800                      59,006
      Stocks1                                                                                                                  15,733                   4,134                      11,599
      Mortgage loans1                                                                                                          38,414                 35,500                        2,914
      Sub-total                                                                                                $              205,322      $         104,073      $               101,249

    Total                                                                                                      $              218,940      $         104,085      $               114,855

1
     Refer to the consolidated balance sheet in the Company's December 31, 2023 annual consolidated financial statements for on-balance sheet amounts.
2
     Total short-term bonds, government bonds and corporate bonds as at March 31, 2024 was $156.0 billion ($157.1 billion at December 31, 2023). Refer to the consolidated balance sheet
     in the Company's March 31, 2024 condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for on-balance sheet bonds amounts.
The Company’s liquidity requirements are largely self-funded, with short-term obligations being met by internal funds and maintaining levels
of liquid investments adequate to meet anticipated liquidity needs. The Company holds cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds at the
Lifeco holding company level and with the Lifeco consolidated subsidiary companies. At March 31, 2024, the Company and its operating
subsidiaries held liquid cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds of $11.7 billion ($13.6 billion at December 31, 2023) and other liquid assets
and marketable securities of $102.8 billion ($101.2 billion at December 31, 2023). Included in the cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds
at March 31, 2024 was $0.9 billion ($0.5 billion at December 31, 2023) held at the Lifeco holding company level which includes cash at Great-
West Lifeco U.S. LLC, the Company's U.S. holding company. In addition, the Company maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian
chartered banks for potential unanticipated liquidity needs, if required. Refer to note 6(b) in the Company’s March 31, 2024 condensed
consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for additional detail.
The Company does not have a formal common shareholder dividend policy. The Company maintains a target dividend payout ratio range of
45% to 55% of base earnings that is considered in dividend decisions. Dividends on outstanding common shares of the Company are declared
and paid at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company. The decision to declare a dividend on the common shares of the
Company takes into account a variety of factors including the level of earnings, adequacy of capital and availability of cash resources.
As a holding company, the Company’s ability to pay dividends and, in part, its ability to deploy capital is dependent upon the Company
receiving dividends from its operating subsidiaries. The Company’s operating subsidiaries are subject to regulation in a number of
jurisdictions, each of which maintains its own regime for determining the amount of capital that must be held in connection with the different
businesses carried on by the operating subsidiaries. The requirements imposed by the regulators in any jurisdiction may change from time to
time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating subsidiaries to pay dividends to the Company. In the first quarter of 2024, the Company's
main operating subsidiaries made cash payments to the holding company in the form of dividends in the amount of $0.9 billion which was
comparable to the average of the four quarters of 2023.




                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis        24


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  25
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  Liquidity risk is assessed and mitigated through prudent product design and contract terms; and by maintaining a high quality, diversified
                                  investment portfolio with sufficient liquidity to meet policyholder and financing obligations under normal and stress conditions. Refer to the
                                  "Liquidity Risk" section of the Company's Annual MD&A for the period ended December 31, 2023 for additional information.

                                  Cash Flows
                                      Cash flows
                                                                                                                                                                                      For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                                                March 31
                                                                                                                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                      Cash flows relating to the following activities:
                                      Operations                                                                                                                                  $                 253     $           179
                                      Financing                                                                                                                                                     (536)               (752)
                                      Investment                                                                                                                                                    (214)                (77)
                                                                                                                                                                                                    (497)               (650)
                                      Effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                              88                  26
                                      Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents in the period                                                                                                (409)               (624)
                                      Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                                                                               8,117               7,290
                                      Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations, end of period                                                        $                7,708    $          6,666
                                      Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end of period1                                                                                          —                 204
                                      Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations, end of period                                                                         $                7,708    $          6,462
                                  1
                                       On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin Templeton. Beginning in Q2 2023, the cash flows related to the discontinued operations have been
                                       presented separately.
                                  The principal source of funds for the Company on a consolidated basis is cash provided by operating activities, including insurance revenue,
                                  net investment income and fee income. These funds are used primarily to pay policy benefits, policyholder dividends and claims, as well as




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  operating expenses and commissions. The operations category on the statement of cash flows also includes transfers and withdrawals by
                                  clients that are funded in part by the sale of assets for cash. Cash flows generated by operations are mainly invested to support future liability
                                  cash requirements. Cash flows related to financing activities include the issuance and repayment of capital instruments and associated
                                  dividends and interest payments.
                                  In the first quarter of 2024, cash and cash equivalents decreased by $409 million from December 31, 2023. Cash flows provided by operations
                                  during the first quarter of 2024 were $253 million, an increase of $74 million compared to the first quarter of 2023. The increase was primarily
                                  due to an increase in net earnings after taxes. Cash flows used by financing activities of $536 million were primarily used for payment of
                                  dividends to common and preferred shareholders. Cash flows used by investment activities were $214 million primarily related to the sale of
                                  Putnam Investments classified as discontinued operations.

                                  Commitments/Contractual Obligations
                                  Commitments/contractual obligations have not changed materially from December 31, 2023.

                                  Capital Management and Adequacy
                                  The Board of Directors reviews and approves an annual capital plan as well as capital transactions undertaken by management pursuant to the
                                  plan. The capital plan is designed to ensure that the Company maintains adequate capital, taking into account the Company's strategy, risk
                                  profile and business plans. The Company has established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks.
                                  Management is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital plan. In addition to
                                  undertaking capital transactions, the Company uses and provides traditional and structured reinsurance to support capital and risk
                                  management.
                                  At the holding company level, the Company monitors the amount of consolidated capital available and the amounts deployed in its various
                                  operating subsidiaries. The amount of capital deployed in any particular company or country is dependent upon local regulatory requirements
                                  as well as the Company’s internal assessment of capital requirements in the context of its operational risks and requirements and strategic
                                  plans. The Company’s practice is to maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant
                                  minimum regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate. The capitalization decisions of the Company and its
                                  operating subsidiaries also give consideration to the impact such actions may have on the opinions expressed by various credit rating agencies
                                  that provide financial strength and other ratings to the Company.
                                  In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under the Insurance
                                  Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries, known as the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT). The LICAT Ratio is calculated in
                                  accordance with the 2024 OSFI Guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test.
                                  The LICAT Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital. The required capital is calibrated so that a life
                                  insurer can both withstand severe stress events and support the continuity of existing business. The LICAT guideline uses a risk-based
                                  approach for measuring specific life insurer risks and for aggregating the results to calculate the amount of a life insurer's capital requirements.
                                  OSFI has established a Supervisory Target Total Ratio of 100% and a Supervisory Minimum Total Ratio of 90%. Lifeco's major Canadian
                                  operating subsidiary, Canada Life, is operating well above these supervisory ratios.



                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis              25


                                           B  26                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Canada Life's consolidated LICAT Ratio at March 31, 2024 was 129%. The LICAT Ratio does not take into account any impact from $0.9 billion
of liquidity at the Lifeco holding company level at March 31, 2024 ($0.5 billion at December 31, 2023).
The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratios for Canada Life:

    LICAT Ratio
                                                                                                                                                        Mar. 31              Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                                         2024                 2023
     Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                                                $        18,849      $      18,285
     Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                                          5,174              5,223
     Total Available Capital                                                                                                                                24,023             23,508
     Surplus Allowance & Eligible Deposits                                                                                                                   5,263              5,406
    Total Capital Resources                                                                                                                        $        29,286      $      28,914

    Required Capital                                                                                                                               $        22,729      $      22,525

    Total Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)1                                                                                                             129 %                128 %
1
     Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)

The LICAT Ratio increased by one point in the quarter from 128% at December 31, 2023 to 129% at March 31, 2024 as a result of increased total
capital resources.
In the U.S, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners has established Risk-Based Capital (RBC) as a regulatory capital adequacy
measurement. Empower, Lifeco’s U.S. operating company, reports its RBC ratio annually to U.S. Insurance Regulators. The RBC ratio is for
information only and is not intended as a means to rank insurers generally or for any other purpose. The reported December 31, 2023 ratio was
522%. At March 31, 2024, the ratio is estimated to continue to be above 500%.

OSFI Regulatory Capital Initiatives




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
OSFI is developing a new approach, planned to be implemented in 2025, to determine capital requirements for Segregated Fund Guarantee
Risk. The Company will continue to participate in future public consultations relating to this and other developments.
OSFI has put in place the Parental Stand-alone (Solo) Capital Framework effective January 1, 2024. The Framework applies to life insurers
designated by OSFI as internationally active insurance groups (IAIGs). The framework applies to Canada Life which meets the requirements.
The objective of this framework is to measure the sufficiency of capital that is available to the domestic parent operating life insurer (Canada
Life) on a solo basis, and to assess the parent’s ability to act as a source of strength for its subsidiaries and/or other affiliates.

Return on Equity (ROE)
                                                                                                                                   Mar. 31             Dec. 31              Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                    2024                2023                 2023
    Base Return on Equity1 by Segment
      Canada                                                                                                                            16.2 %               16.9 %                18.4 %
      United States2                                                                                                                    12.6 %               11.6 %                10.4 %
      Europe                                                                                                                            16.9 %               16.7 %                17.8 %
      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                        54.6 %               49.5 %                37.0 %
    Total Lifeco Base Earnings Basis2                                                                                                   17.2 %               16.6 %                16.1 %

    Return on Equity - Continuing Operations3 by Segment
      Canada                                                                                                                            14.9 %               14.0 %                18.4 %
      United States4                                                                                                                     9.8 %                 8.8 %                6.7 %
      Europe                                                                                                                            11.2 %                 8.2 %               14.7 %
      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                        57.8 %               52.0 %                31.2 %
    Total Lifeco Net Earnings - Continuing Operations Basis4                                                                            14.6 %               12.9 %                13.6 %
1
     This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Comparative results are restated to exclude net earnings (losses) from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
3
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
4
     Comparative results have been restated to exclude amounts related to discontinued operations which were included in error in the corresponding figure presented in the Q4 2023
     MD&A.
The Company has a capital allocation methodology, which allocates financing costs in proportion to allocated capital. For the Canada, Europe
and Capital and Risk Solutions segments (essentially Canada Life), this allocation method generally tracks the regulatory capital requirements,
while for the United States, it tracks the financial statement carrying value of the business units. Total leverage capital is consistently allocated
across all business units in proportion to total capital resulting in a debt-to-equity ratio in each business unit consistent with the consolidated
Company.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis        26


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  27
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Ratings
                                  Lifeco maintains ratings from five independent ratings companies. Credit ratings1 are intended to provide investors with an independent
                                  measure of the credit quality of a corporation and securities of a corporation and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of
                                  a corporation to meet its obligations in accordance with the terms of each obligation.
                                  In the first quarter of 2024, the existing credit ratings for Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries were unchanged. The Company continued
                                  to receive strong ratings relative to its North American peer group resulting from its conservative risk profile, stable net earnings and strong
                                  capitalization.
                                  For a complete listing of credit ratings for Great-West Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries, please refer to the "Investor relations" section
                                  of the Company's website at www.greatwestlifeco.com.

                                  Risk Management and Control Practices

                                  The Company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework facilitates the alignment of business strategy with risk appetite, informs and
                                  improves the deployment of capital; and supports the identification, mitigation and management of exposure to potential losses and risk. The
                                  Company’s Risk Function is responsible for developing and maintaining the Risk Appetite Framework (RAF), the supporting risk policies and
                                  risk limit structure, and provides independent risk oversight across the Company’s operations. The Board of Directors is ultimately accountable
                                  and responsible for the Company's risk governance and associated risk policies. These include the ERM Policy, which establishes the guiding
                                  principles of risk management, and the RAF, which reflects the levels and types of risk that the Company is willing to accept to achieve its
                                  business objectives.
                                  During the three months ended March 31, 2024, there were no significant changes to the Company's risk management and control practices.
                                  Refer to the Company's 2023 Annual MD&A for a detailed description of the Company's risk management and control practices.

                                  Exposures and Sensitivities
                                  Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  In determining the Company’s insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions are made regarding rates of mortality/morbidity,
                                  investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy options or provisions.
                                  When the assumptions are revised to reflect emerging experience or change in outlook, the result is a change in the value of liabilities which in
                                  turn affects the Company’s earnings.
                                  Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
                                  The following table illustrates the approximate impact to the Company’s shareholders' net earnings that would arise as a result of changes to
                                  management’s best estimate of certain assumptions. A description of the methodologies used to calculate the Company's financial risk
                                  sensitivities is included in the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of the Company's 2023 Annual MD&A. For changes in
                                  financial assumptions, the sensitivity is shown net of the corresponding impact on earnings of the change in the value of liabilities and the value
                                  of assets supporting liabilities.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings from an immediate 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is illustrated in the table
                                  below, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium. Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies
                                  where the changes occur, and the changes in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for
                                  credit risk within the IFRS 17 discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts
                                  that may arise from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities below.
                                  On January 1, 2024, the Company completed the sale of Putnam Investments and currently holds approximately 31,600,000 Franklin Templeton
                                  shares as part of the consideration, which are classified as fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI). The Company will hold a
                                  majority of these shares for a minimum five-year period.




                                  1
                                      These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the securities of the Company or its subsidiaries and do not address market price or other factors that might determine
                                      suitability of a specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities and are subject to revision or
                                      withdrawal at any time by the rating agency.


                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis              27


                                          B  28                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


    Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
                                                                                 Net earnings                        Equity1                   CSM2                        LICAT3
                                                                             Mar. 31         Dec. 31         Mar. 31         Dec. 31    Mar. 31      Dec. 31       Mar. 31         Dec. 31
                                                                              2024            2023            2024            2023       2024         2023          2024            2023
    Investment returns:
       Change in risk free interest rates
           50 basis points increase                                         $       150 $           175 $           125 $           150 $    125 $         175      (1 point)        0 point
           50 basis points decrease                                                (200)           (225)           (200)           (225)    (175)         (250)      0 point         0 point
       Change in credit spreads
           50 basis points increase                                         $       225 $           300 $           275 $           350 $    125 $         175        0 point       1 point
           50 basis points decrease                                                (300)           (375)           (375)           (450)    (175)         (250)       0 point      (1 point)
       Change in publicly traded common stock values1
         20% increase                                                       $       175 $           225 $           675 $           525 $    550 $         525      (1 point)       0 point
         10% increase                                                                 75            100             325             250      275           275       0 point        0 point
         10% decrease                                                                (75)          (100)           (325)           (250)    (300)         (300)      0 point        0 point
         20% decrease                                                              (175)           (225)           (675)           (525)    (550)         (550)     (1 point)      (1 point)
      Change in other non-fixed income asset values
          10% increase                                                      $       400 $           400 $           425 $           450 $     — $            —    1 point     1 point
          5% increase                                                               200             200             225             225       —              — < 1 point < 1 point
          5% decrease                                                              (200)           (200)           (225)           (225)      —              — < (1 point) < (1 point)
          10% decrease                                                             (425)           (425)           (450)           (450)      —              —   (1 point) (1 point)

1
     The net impact of the sale of Putnam Investments and the receipt of Franklin Templeton common shares is reflected in the March 31, 2024 values in the table above. The Franklin
     Templeton common shares are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) and therefore unrealized gains and losses do not impact shareholders' net
     earnings. The after-tax impact on shareholders' equity of the Franklin Templeton common shares is approximately $100 million for every 10% change in the common stock equity




                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
     value.
2
     The impacts to the total contractual service margin (CSM) are pre-tax.
3
     LICAT sensitivities should be viewed as directional estimates only of the underlying sensitivities for the respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot
     provide assurance that the actual impact on the Canada Life consolidated LICAT Ratio will be as indicated. LICAT sensitivities are rounded to the nearest point.
Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are positively impacted
by a parallel increase in interest rates and credit spreads in Canada, U.K. and the U.S., and are positively impacted by a parallel decrease in
interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary by the level of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual
impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the estimated impact of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to the Company's
ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the sensitivity of shareholders' net earnings of
the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $25 million or a decrease of $25
million post-tax, respectively. In addition, the sensitivity of the CSM of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all
geographies would be an increase of $75 million or a decrease of $75 million pre-tax, respectively.
Refer to the "Accounting Policies - Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" and "Capital Management and Adequacy" sections of the
Company's 2023 Annual MD&A for additional information on earnings and LICAT sensitivities.

International Financial Reporting Standards
Due to the evolving nature of IFRS, there are a number of IFRS changes impacting the Company in 2024, as well as standards that could impact
the Company in future reporting periods. The Company actively monitors future IFRS changes proposed by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB) to assess if the changes to the standards may have an impact on the Company's results or operations.
Changes in Accounting Policies
The Company adopted the amendments to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows, IFRS 7,
Financial Instruments: Disclosures, and IFRS 16, Leases effective January 1, 2024. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material
impact on the Company's financial statements.
For additional detail, refer to note 2 of the Company’s condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the period ended
March 31, 2024.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis            28


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                              B  29
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Other Information

                                  Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                  Non-GAAP Financial Measures
                                  The Company uses several non-GAAP financial measures to measure overall performance of the Company and to assess each of its business
                                  units. A financial measure is considered a non-GAAP measure for Canadian securities law purposes if it is presented other than in accordance
                                  with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) used for the Company's consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial
                                  statements of the Company have been prepared in compliance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. Non-GAAP financial measures do not have a
                                  standardized meaning under GAAP and may not be comparable to similar financial measures presented by other issuers. Investors may find
                                  these financial measures useful in understanding how management views the underlying business performance of the Company.

                                  Base earnings (loss)
                                  Base earnings (loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an alternate measure to
                                  understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.
                                  Base earnings (loss) exclude the following items from IFRS reported net earnings:
                                  •       Market-related impacts, where actual market returns in the current period are different than longer-term expected returns;
                                  •       Assumption changes and management actions that impact the measurement of assets and liabilities;
                                  •       Business transformation impacts which include acquisition and divestiture costs and restructuring and integration costs;
                                  •       Material legal settlements, material impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible assets, impacts of income tax rate changes on
                                          the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax impairments, net gains, losses or costs related to the disposition or
                                          acquisition of a business; net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations;
                                  •       Realized gains (losses) on the sale of assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI);




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  •       The direct equity and interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus assets and liabilities;
                                  •       Amortization of acquisition related finite life intangible assets; and
                                  •       Other items that, when removed, assist in explaining the Company's underlying business performance.

                                      LLifeco
                                                                                                                                                                                  For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                           Mar. 31                Dec. 31         Mar. 31
                                      g                                                                                                                                     2024                   2023            2023
                                      sBase earnings1                                                                                                                 $           1,012 $               971 $             826
                                      g
                                      sItems excluded from Lifeco base earnings
                                           x
                                          Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)
                                           )                                                                                                                          $              136 $              (351) $           (209)
                                                i
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit
                                                t                                                                                                                                     (29)              138                 41
                                         x
                                         )Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                                                            3              (28)                 9
                                                i
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit
                                                t                                                                                                                                       (4)             111                 (2)
                                         Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1,2                                                                                                 (67)             (137)              (26)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit1,2                                                                                                          18                   70               7
                                        Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-tax)2                                                                        (50)              (42)              (43)
                                      g       Income tax (expense) benefit2                                                                                                            12                11                11
                                                                                           1
                                      s Total
                                         e pre-tax items excluded from base earnings                                                                                  $                22 $             (558) $           (269)
                                         Impact of items excluded from base earnings on income taxes1
                                           s                                                                                                                                            (3)             330                 57
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                         $           1,031 $               743 $             614
                                        Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax)1
                                               t                                                                                                                                    (115)                   (3)             (19)
                                      r  Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations (post-tax)                                                                                  44                   —               —
                                      sNet earnings - common shareholders                                                                                             $              960 $              740 $             595

                                  1
                                       Comparative results are restated to reclassify base earnings and divestiture costs related to the sale of Putnam to net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax).
                                  2
                                       Included in other non-market related impacts.




                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis              29


                                           B  30                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


    Canada
                                                                                                                                           For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                      Mar. 31             Dec. 31              Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                       2024                2023                 2023
    Base earnings                                                                                                                 $           302 $                301 $               278

    Items excluded from base earnings
      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                                        $             93 $              (162) $                (60)
          Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                          (26)                 48                  17
      Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                                                         9                 (22)                  3
             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                        (3)                   5                  (1)
                                                          1
      Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)                                                                                                 (23)                  (5)                —
          Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                           6                    2                 —
      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-tax)1                                                                     (7)                  (2)                (6)
             Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                        2                    1                   2
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                            $           353 $                166 $               233

1
    Included in other non-market related impacts.


    United States
                                                                                                                                           For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                      Mar. 31             Dec. 31              Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                       2024                2023                 2023
    Base earnings1                                                                                                                $           286 $                261 $               218




                                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Items excluded from base earnings
      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                                        $              9 $                (13) $                (5)
             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                        (2)                   4                 —
      Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1,2                                                                                             (44)                 (52)                 (26)
          Income tax (expense) benefit1,2                                                                                                       12                   20                    7
      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-tax)2                                                                   (37)                 (35)                 (32)
             Income tax (expense) benefit2                                                                                                       9                     9                   8
    Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                       $           233 $                194 $               170
      Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax)1                                                                           (115)                  (3)                (19)
      Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations (post-tax)                                                                             44                   —                   —
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                            $           162 $                191 $               151

1
    Comparative results are restated to reclassify base earnings and divestiture costs related to the sale of Putnam to net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax).
2
    Included in other non-market related impacts.


    Europe
                                                                                                                                           For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                      Mar. 31             Dec. 31              Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                       2024                2023                 2023
    Base earnings                                                                                                                 $           204 $                213 $               178

    Items excluded from base earnings
      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                                        $            (15) $             (114) $              (155)
             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                        3                   54                  16
      Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                                                       —                     (6)                 6
             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                       —                  106                    (1)
      Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1                                                                                                —                   (80)                 —
          Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                         —                    48                  —
      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-tax)1                                                                    (6)                  (5)                 (5)
             Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                       1                     1                   1
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                                                                     $           187 $                217 $                 40

1
    Included in other non-market related impacts.




                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis            30


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                B  31
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                   Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                                                   For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                            Mar. 31                Dec. 31             Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                             2024                   2023                2023
                                   Base earnings                                                                                                       $              222 $                 236 $                157

                                   Items excluded from base earnings
                                      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                             $                 49 $                (50) $              22
                                          Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                   (4)                  29                  5
                                      Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                                                  (6)               —                    —
                                          Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                     (1)               —                    —
                                   Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                  $              260 $                 215 $                184


                                   Lifeco Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                   For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                            Mar. 31                Dec. 31             Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                             2024                   2023                2023
                                   Base earnings (loss)                                                                                                $                   (2) $             (40) $               (5)

                                   Items excluded from base earnings (loss)
                                      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                             $                  — $                (12) $              (11)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                   —                       3               3
                                   Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                                                           $                   (2) $             (49) $              (13)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Base earnings - insurance service result
                                  Represents the profit earned from providing insurance coverage and comprises the expected insurance earnings, impacts of new insurance
                                  business written and insurance experience gains and losses for the Company's insurance businesses. This metric is presented on a common
                                  shareholders' basis by removing the participating account results.

                                  Lifeco (pre-tax)
                                                                                                                                                                For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                       Mar. 31                   Dec. 31         March 31
                                                                                                                                                        2024                      2023            2023
                                  Base earnings - insurance service result                                                                       $                763 $                    854 $        659
                                     Items excluded from base earnings                                                                                              (2)                      1                    3
                                     Participating account                                                                                                          36                      35                   38
                                  Net earnings - insurance service result                                                                        $                797 $                    890 $             700

                                  Base earnings - net investment result
                                  Represents the difference between management’s expected return on assets backing insurance contract liabilities and the unwinding of
                                  discount rates used to measure corresponding insurance contract liabilities. Includes the release of credit provisions into profit and the impact
                                  of credit experience for the period as well as the impact of certain trading activity on fixed income assets and non-directly attributable
                                  investment expenses. Additionally, includes expected investment income on surplus assets net of associated investment expenses. This metric
                                  is presented on a common shareholders' basis by removing the participating account results. This measure removes spread income earned on
                                  certain investment products which represents the difference between earned rates and rates credited to clients.

                                  Lifeco (pre-tax)
                                                                                                                                                                For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                      March 31                   Dec. 31              March 31
                                                                                                                                                       2024                       2023                 2023
                                  Base earnings - net investment result                                                                          $                297 $                    212 $             214
                                     Items excluded from base earnings                                                                                            144                  (256)                (209)
                                     Spread income                                                                                                                321                      332               358
                                     Participating account                                                                                                           (2)                   (23)              (49)
                                  Net earnings - net investment result                                                                           $                760 $                    265 $             314




                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis                  31


                                        B  32                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Base earnings - pre-tax
Represents base earnings (loss) before income taxes, earnings (losses) attributable to non-controlling interests and preferred share dividends.

    LLifeco
                                                                                                                                                For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                           Mar. 31           Dec. 31            Mar. 31
    g                                                                                                                                       2024              2023               2023
    sBase earnings (pre-tax)                                                                                                           $         1,230 $          1,192 $                 961
    g
    sItems excluded from Lifeco base earnings
         x
        Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)
         )                                                                                                                             $          136 $               (351) $             (209)
       x
       )Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                                                           3                (28)                  9
      Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1,2                                                                                                 (67)               (137)               (26)
    g Amortization  of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-tax)2                                                                      (50)                (42)               (43)
                                                          1
    s Total
       e pre-tax items excluded from base earnings                                                                                     $             22 $             (558) $             (269)
         s
       Participating account                                                                                                                          6                (27)                (38)
    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                       $         1,258 $               607 $              654

1
     Comparative results are restated to reclassify base earnings and divestiture costs related to the sale of Putnam to net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax).
2
     Included in other non-market related impacts.

Assets under management (AUM) and assets under administration (AUA)
Assets under management and assets under administration are non-GAAP measures that provide an indicator of the size and volume of the
Company's overall business. Administrative services are an important aspect of the overall business of the Company and should be considered
when comparing volumes, size and trends.
Total assets under administration includes total assets per financial statements, proprietary mutual funds and institutional assets and other




                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
assets under administration.
    Lifeco
                                                                                                                                       Mar. 31              Dec. 31             Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                        2024                 2023                2023
    Total assets per financial statements1                                                                                         $        736,722 $          713,230 $           691,853
      Continuing operations - other AUM                                                                                                     204,651            220,578             195,779
      Discontinued operations - other AUM                                                                                                        —             161,566             152,582
    Total AUM1                                                                                                                     $         941,373 $       1,095,374 $         1,040,214
      Other AUA                                                                                                                            1,913,791         1,757,166           1,555,937
    Total AUA1                                                                                                                     $       2,855,164 $       2,852,540 $         2,596,151
1
     Comparative figures include assets held for sale and other AUM related to the discontinued operations of Putnam Investments.

    Canada
                                                                                                                                       Mar. 31              Dec. 31             Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                        2024                 2023                2023
    Canada wealth fee business AUA
      Segregated fund assets                                                                                                       $        106,530 $          101,250 $                97,426
      Other AUM                                                                                                                              13,424             13,056                   3,960
      Wealth fee business other AUA                                                                                                          57,142             53,490                  24,736
    Total Canada wealth fee business AUA                                                                                           $        177,096 $          167,796 $            126,122

      Add: Other balance sheet assets                                                                                              $        103,874 $          102,534 $                98,876
      Add: Other AUA                                                                                                                          2,152              2,145                   2,253

      Consolidated Canada balance sheet assets                                                                                     $        210,404 $          203,784 $            196,302
      Consolidated Canada other AUM                                                                                                          13,424             13,056                3,960
      Consolidated Canada other AUA                                                                                                          59,294             55,635               26,989
    Total Canada AUA                                                                                                               $        283,122 $          272,475 $            227,251




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             32


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                B  33
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  United States
                                                                                                                                                        Mar. 31                  Dec. 31            Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                         2024                     2023               2023
                                      Empower AUA
                                          General account                                                                                          $         87,471 $                88,487 $           97,375
                                          Segregated funds                                                                                                  186,611                 175,499            174,625
                                          Other AUM                                                                                                          80,609                 100,806             90,359
                                          Other AUA                                                                                                       1,841,725               1,689,455          1,517,070
                                      Empower AUA                                                                                                  $      2,196,416 $             2,054,247 $        1,879,429

                                      PanAgora - other AUM                                                                                         $           45,164 $                 43,190 $        44,603
                                      Discontinued operations - other AUM                                                                                          —                   194,145         183,679

                                      Subtotal                                                                                                     $      2,241,580 $             2,291,582 $        2,107,711

                                       Add: Other AUM consolidated adjustment                                                                      $           (1,922) $               (32,579) $      (31,098)
                                       Add: Other balance sheet assets                                                                                         39,636                   41,844          31,444

                                       Consolidated United States balance sheet assets                                                             $         313,718 $                 305,829 $       303,444
                                       Consolidated United States other AUM                                                                                  123,851                   305,563         287,543
                                       Consolidated United States other AUA                                                                               1,841,725               1,689,455          1,517,070
                                  Total United States AUA                                                                                          $      2,279,294 $             2,300,847 $        2,108,057

                                  Europe
                                                                                                                                                        Mar. 31                  Dec. 31            Mar. 31




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                         2024                     2023               2023
                                      Europe wealth and investment only AUA
                                       Segregated fund assets                                                                                      $         150,177 $                 141,936 $       133,095
                                       Other AUM                                                                                                              67,376                    63,525          56,858
                                       Other AUA                                                                                                               12,772                   12,076          11,878
                                      Total Europe wealth and investment only AUA                                                                  $         230,325 $                 217,537 $       201,831


                                       Add: Other balance sheet assets                                                                             $           53,406 $                 52,593 $        49,772

                                       Consolidated Europe balance sheet assets                                                                    $         203,583 $                 194,529 $       182,867
                                       Consolidated Europe other AUM                                                                                          67,376                    63,525          56,858
                                       Consolidated Europe other AUA                                                                                          12,772                    12,076          11,878
                                  Total Europe AUA                                                                                                 $         283,731 $                 270,130 $       251,603

                                  Non-GAAP Ratios
                                  A non-GAAP ratio is a financial measure in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation that is not disclosed in the financial
                                  statements of the Company and has a non-GAAP financial measure as one or more of its components. These financial measures do not have a
                                  standardized definition under IFRS and might not be comparable to similar financial measures disclosed by other issuers.
                                  The non-GAAP ratios disclosed by the Company each use base earnings (loss) as the non-GAAP component. Base earnings (loss) reflect
                                  management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an alternate measure to understand the underlying
                                  business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.
                                  •      Base dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by base earnings (loss).
                                  •      Base earnings per share - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common shares outstanding for the
                                         period.
                                  •      Base earnings per share (diluted) - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common shares outstanding
                                         on a diluted basis for the period.
                                  •      Base return on equity - Base earnings (loss) for the trailing four quarters are divided by the average common shareholders' equity over the
                                         trailing four quarters. This measure provides an indicator of business unit profitability.
                                  •      Cost of management ratio - Compares the amount paid by the Company to compensate its Named Executive Officers (NEOs) relative to
                                         the Company’s base earnings for the same period. Calculated by dividing total annual compensation paid to NEOs (as disclosed in the
                                         Executive Compensation section of the Company’s management proxy circular) by base earnings for the year.




                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             33


                                          B  34                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


•   Effective income tax rate - base earnings - common shareholders - Calculated by adjusting the Company's reported income taxes and
    net earnings before income taxes attributable to common shareholders to remove the impact of items excluded from base earnings, to
    calculate the effective tax rates for common shareholders.
•   Price/base earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its base earnings per share on a trailing four quarter basis.

Glossary
•   Assumption changes and management actions - The net earnings impact of: (i) revisions to the methodologies and assumptions used in
    the measurement of the Company’s assets, insurance contract liabilities and investment contract liabilities, and (ii) actions taken by
    management in the current reporting period which include, but are not limited to, changes in in-force product features (including prices),
    and new or revised reinsurance deals on in-force business. Assumption changes and management actions are excluded from base
    earnings.
•   Business transformation impacts - Business transformation impacts include acquisition and divestiture costs as well as restructuring and
    integration costs.
•   Book value per common share - Measure is calculated by dividing Lifeco's common shareholders' equity by the number of common
    shares outstanding at the end of the period.
•   Contractual service margin (CSM) - The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the Company expects
    to recognize in the future as it provides services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group of insurance contracts, if the total
    of the fulfillment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance acquisition cash flows, and any cash flows arising at that date is a net
    inflow, the group of contracts is non-onerous. In this case, the CSM is measured as the equal and opposite amount of the net inflow, which
    results in no net income or expenses arising on initial recognition.
•   Common shareholders' equity - A financial measure comprised of the following items from Lifeco's balance sheet: share capital -
    common shares, accumulated surplus, accumulated other comprehensive income and contributed surplus.
•   Dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by net earnings - common shareholders.
    Drivers of earnings (DOE) - Drivers of earnings analysis provides additional detail on the primary sources of Lifeco's earnings and is a




                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
•
    consistent presentation across Canadian insurance industry peers. The DOE view presents net earnings attributable to common
    shareholders, comprising base earnings on a DOE basis and items excluded from base earnings. For base insurance service result, the
    DOE view provides detail on expected insurance earnings, the impact of new business and experience gains and losses. For base net
    investment result, the DOE view provides detail on expected investment earnings, credit experience, trading activity and earnings on
    surplus. Base other income and expenses are presented separately in the DOE view with additional detail on net fee and spread income,
    non-directly attributable and other expenses, income taxes on base earnings, non-controlling interests, preferred dividends and other
    items.
•   Financial leverage ratio - Defined as debt, hybrid securities, and preferred shares divided by total consolidated capitalization. The
    denominator also includes the after-tax non-participating CSM balance in the denominator, other than CSM associated with segregated
    fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future profit and is considered available capital under LICAT.
•   General Measurement Model (GMM) - The Company applies this measurement model to all IFRS 17 contracts not measured under the
    PAA or VFA measurement models.
•   Group life and health book premiums - For group life and health insurance, this measure represents the value of in-force premiums at
    the end of the reporting period.
•   Impact of currency movement (constant currency basis) - Items impacting the Company's Consolidated Statements of Earnings, such as
    income and benefits and expenses and net earnings, are translated into Canadian dollars at an average rate for the period. These measures
    highlight the impact of changes in currency translation rates on Canadian dollar equivalent IFRS results and have been calculated using
    the average rates, as shown below, in effect at the date of the comparative period. These measures provide useful information as it
    facilitates the comparability of results between periods.

                                                                                                        Period ended
                                                                                        March 31, 2024                  March 31, 2023
                                  United States dollar                                           1.35                        1.35
                                  British pound                                                  1.71                        1.64
                                  Euro                                                           1.46                        1.45
•   Market experience relative to expectations - The net earnings impact related to the direct equity and interest rate market impacts on
    insurance and investment contract liabilities, net of hedging, and related deferred tax liabilities, which includes:
    •    the impact of hedge ineffectiveness related to segregated fund guarantee liabilities that are hedged and the performance of the related
         hedge assets;
    •    the impact on segregated fund guarantee liabilities not hedged;
    •    the market-related impacts that are different than expectations on surplus assets, general account assets and the insurance and
         investment contract liabilities they support; and




                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis     34


                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  35
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                      •      other market impacts on general account assets and the insurance and investment contract liabilities they support that cannot be
                                             attributed to expectations within the period.
                                  •   Net cash flows and net flows - Indicator of the Company's ability to attract and retain business. Net cash flows and net asset flows are
                                      measured by the following:
                                      •      Canada wealth management net cash flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets and proprietary and
                                             non-proprietary mutual funds.
                                      •      Europe wealth and investment only net cash flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, proprietary
                                             mutual funds and institutional assets as well as other assets under administration.
                                      •      Empower net cash flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, general fund assets, proprietary and
                                             non-proprietary mutual funds as well as other assets under management.
                                      •      PanAgora net flows include institutional sales and redemptions.
                                  •   Net earnings from continuing operations - Defined as net earnings - common shareholders less net earnings (loss) from discontinued
                                      operations and the net gain from disposal of discontinued operations. The discontinued operations represent the results of Putnam
                                      Investments. On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin Resources, Inc.,
                                      operating as "Franklin Templeton".
                                  •   Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions Canada (OSFI) - Is an independent Canadian federal government agency that
                                      regulates and supervises federally regulated financial institutions and pension plans to determine whether they are in sound financial
                                      condition and meeting their requirements.
                                  •   Other assets under administration - Includes assets where the Company only provides administration services for which the Company
                                      earns fees and other income. These assets are beneficially owned by the clients and the Company does not direct the investing activities.
                                      Services provided relating to assets under administration include recordkeeping, safekeeping, collecting investment income, settling of
                                      transactions or other administrative services. Administrative services are an important aspect of the overall business of the Company and
                                      should be considered when comparing volumes, size and trends.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  •   Other assets under management - Includes external client funds where the Company has oversight of the investment policies. Services
                                      provided in respect of proprietary mutual funds and institutional assets include the selection of investments, the provision of investment
                                      advice and discretionary portfolio management on behalf of clients.
                                  •   Premium Allocation Approach (PAA) - The Company apples this IFRS 17 measurement model to contracts with coverage periods of one
                                      year or less and those that are relatively stable and have low variability in fulfillment cash flows. Low variability in fulfillment cash flows
                                      indicates that no significant difference in measurement exists when compared to the general measurement model (GMM).
                                  •   Price/book value ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its book value per share.
                                  •   Price/earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its net earnings per share on a trailing four quarter basis.
                                  •   Return on equity (ROE) - continuing operations - Net earnings from continuing operations for the trailing four quarters are divided by
                                      the average common shareholders' equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an indicator of business unit profitability.
                                  •   Sales - Sales are measured according to product type:
                                      •      For risk-based insurance and annuity products, sales include 100% of single premium and annualized premiums expected in the first
                                             twelve months of the plan.
                                      •      Group insurance and ASO sales reflect annualized premiums and premium equivalents for new policies and new benefits covered or
                                             expansion of coverage on existing policies.
                                      •      For individual wealth management products, sales include deposits on segregated fund products, proprietary mutual funds and
                                             institutional accounts as well as deposits on non-proprietary mutual funds.
                                      •      For group wealth management products, sales include assets transferred from previous plan providers and the expected annual
                                             contributions from the new plan.
                                  •   Segmented common shareholders' equity - The Company has a capital allocation methodology, which allocates financing costs in
                                      proportion to allocated capital. For the Canada, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments (essentially Canada Life), this allocation
                                      method generally tracks the regulatory capital requirements, while for Empower and Putnam, it tracks the financial statement carrying
                                      value of the business units. Total leverage capital is consistently allocated across all business units in proportion to total capital resulting in
                                      a debt-to-equity ratio in each business unit mirroring the consolidated Company.
                                      The capital allocation methodology allows the Company to calculate comparable ROE for each business unit. These ROEs are therefore
                                      based on the capital the business unit has been allocated and the financing charges associated with that capital. IFRS does not prescribe
                                      the calculation of ROE and therefore a comparable measure under IFRS is not available.
                                  •   Variable Fee Approach (VFA) - The Company applies this IFRS 17 measurement model to contracts with direct participating features
                                      such as participating insurance and segregated fund business with insurance guarantees, where an investment return is provided to the
                                      policyholder based on a defined pool of items (e.g., a portfolio of assets).




                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   35


                                          B  36                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Disclosure Controls and Procedures
The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information relating to the Company
which is required to be disclosed in reports filed under provincial and territorial securities legislation is: (a) recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the provincial and territorial securities legislation, and (b) accumulated and communicated to
the Company's senior management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. The Company’s management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All internal control systems have inherent
limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
There have been no changes during the three months ended March 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
Limitation on Disclosure Controls and Procedures & Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
As permitted by securities legislation, for the period ended March 31, 2024, the Company’s management has limited the scope of its design of
the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures and the Company’s internal control over financial reporting to exclude controls, policies and
procedures of IPC, which the Company acquired on November 30, 2023.
During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the acquired IPC had revenue of $86.9 million and net earnings of $4.5 million post-tax. The
initial amounts assigned to the assets acquired and goodwill on November 30, 2023 and reported as at March 31, 2024 were $927 million. The
initial amounts assigned to the liabilities assumed on November 30, 2023 and reported as at March 31, 2024 were $342 million with the final
valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed expected to occur by the end of the fourth quarter of 2024.

Transactions with Related Parties




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Related party transactions have not changed materially from December 31, 2023.

Quarterly Financial Information
    Quarterly financial information
    (in $ millions, except per share amounts)
                                                                                     2024                                2023                                 2022 (Restated)
                                                                                     Q1             Q4             Q3              Q2         Q1         Q4         Q3        Q2
    Insurance revenue                                                            $    5,250 $        5,174 $        5,110 $         5,081 $   5,037 $    5,442 $      4,648 $        4,762
    Net investment income                                                             2,340          2,431          2,271           2,061     2,101      2,085        2,027          2,000
    Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets                                            (1,385)       11,042         (5,457)          (2,668)    3,572      1,351       (7,399)       (13,660)
    Fee and other income                                                              1,672          1,558          1,450           1,466     1,400      1,372        1,280          1,317
    Total revenue1                                                               $    7,877 $ 20,205 $              3,374 $         5,940 $ 12,110 $ 10,250 $            556 $ (5,581)

    Net earnings from continuing operations2
         Total                                                                   $    1,031 $          743 $           936 $          569 $    614 $       478 $         986 $         830
         Basic - per share                                                              1.10           0.80           1.01           0.61      0.66        0.51         1.06          0.89
         Diluted - per share                                                            1.10           0.79           1.00           0.61      0.66        0.51         1.06          0.89

    Net earnings - Common Shareholders
         Total                                                                   $       960 $         740 $          905 $          498 $     595 $       452 $        987 $         823
         Basic - per share                                                              1.03           0.79           0.97           0.53      0.64        0.48         1.06          0.88
         Diluted - per share                                                            1.03           0.79           0.97           0.53      0.64        0.48         1.06          0.88

1
     Total revenue and its components exclude revenue from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

Total revenue
Total revenue for the first quarter of 2024 was $7,877 million and comprises insurance revenue of $5,250 million ($5,037 million for the same
quarter last year), net investment income of $2,340 million ($2,101 million for the same quarter last year), changes in fair value through profit or
loss on investment assets of negative $1,385 million (changes of positive $3,572 million for the same quarter last year) and fee and other income
of $1,672 million ($1,400 million for the same quarter last year).

Insurance revenue
Insurance revenue for the first quarter of 2024 was $5,250 million, an increase of $213 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily
due to strong group disability results driven by improved morbidity experience and management pricing actions in the Canada segment.


                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis         36


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  37
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Total net investment income
                                  Total net investment income for the first quarter of 2024 was $955 million, a decrease of $4,718 million compared to the same quarter last year.
                                  The changes in fair value in the first quarter of 2024 were a decrease of $1,385 million compared to an increase of $3,572 million in the first
                                  quarter of 2023, primarily due to an increase in bond yields across all geographies driven by higher interest rates. Net investment income in the
                                  first quarter of 2024 of $2,340 million, which excludes changes in fair value through profit or loss, increased $239 million compared to the same
                                  quarter last year, primary due to an increase in bond yields across all geographies and higher stock dividends in the U.S.

                                  Fee and other income
                                  Fee and other income for the first quarter of 2024 was $1,672 million, an increase of $272 million compared to the same quarter last year,
                                  primarily due to growth in ASO fees and the acquisitions of IPC and Value Partners in the Canada segment, higher equity market levels and
                                  assets under administration due to business growth in the U.S. segment and higher management fees from higher average asset levels in the
                                  Europe segment.

                                  Net earnings
                                  Lifeco's consolidated net earnings attributable to common shareholders were $960 million for the first quarter of 2024 compared to $595 million
                                  for the same quarter last year. On a per share basis, this represents 1.03 per common share (1.03 diluted) for the first quarter of 2024 compared
                                  to $0.64 per common share ($0.64 diluted) a year ago.

                                  Translation of Foreign Currency
                                  Through its operating subsidiaries, Lifeco conducts business in multiple currencies. The four primary currencies are the Canadian dollar, the
                                  U.S. dollar, the British pound and the euro. Throughout this document, foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated into Canadian
                                  dollars at the market rate at the end of the reporting period. All income and expense items are translated at an average rate for the period. The
                                  rates employed are:

                                  Period ended                                                                            Mar. 31              Dec. 31            Sept. 30          June 30      Mar. 31
                                                                                                                            2024                 2023                2023             2023         2023
                                   United States dollar
                                   Balance sheet                                                                   $           1.35 $              1.33 $              1.36 $         1.32 $       1.35




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                   Income and expenses                                                             $           1.35 $              1.36 $              1.34 $         1.34 $       1.35

                                   British pound
                                   Balance sheet                                                                   $           1.71 $              1.69 $              1.66 $         1.68 $       1.67
                                   Income and expenses                                                             $           1.71 $              1.69 $              1.70 $         1.68 $       1.64

                                   Euro
                                   Balance sheet                                                                   $           1.46 $              1.46 $              1.44 $         1.45 $       1.47
                                   Income and expenses                                                             $           1.46 $              1.47 $              1.46 $         1.46 $       1.45

                                  Additional Information
                                  Additional information relating to Lifeco, including Lifeco's most recent consolidated financial statements, CEO/CFO certification and Annual
                                  Information Form are available at www.sedarplus.com.




                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis        37


                                        B  38                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Consolidated Statements of Earnings (unaudited)



(in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts)                                                                                         For the three months
                                                                                                                                             ended March 31
                                                                                                                                        2024                      2023
Insurance service result
  Insurance revenue (note 8)                                                                                                   $                5,250 $                    5,037
  Insurance service expenses                                                                                                                    (4,067)                    (3,995)
  Net expense from reinsurance contracts                                                                                                          (386)                     (342)
                                                                                                                                                   797                       700
Net investment result
  Net investment income (note 5)                                                                                                                2,340                      2,101
  Changes in fair value on fair value through profit or loss assets (note 5)                                                                    (1,385)                    3,572
                                                                                                                                                   955                     5,673
  Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                                            27                     (3,570)
  Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                                                         (51)                       93
  Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                      (171)                    (1,882)
                                                                                                                                                   760                       314
Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders
   Net investment income (loss)                                                                                                                 2,473                      1,721
   Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                                       (2,473)                    (1,721)
                                                                                                                                                    —                          —
Other income and expenses
  Fee and other income                                                                                                                          1,672                      1,400




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  Operating and administrative expenses                                                                                                         (1,703)                    (1,529)
  Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                                                                                   (100)                       (90)
  Financing costs                                                                                                                                 (100)                     (115)
  Restructuring and integration expenses (note 4)                                                                                                  (68)                       (26)
Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                    1,258                        654
Income taxes (note 14)                                                                                                                             169                        30
Net earnings from continuing operations before non-controlling interests                                                                        1,089                        624
Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                                           26                        (22)
Net earnings from continuing operations before preferred share dividends                                                                        1,063                        646
Preferred share dividends                                                                                                                           32                        32
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                                         1,031                        614
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                                                                                                  (115)                       (19)
Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations (note 3)                                                                                          44                         —
Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                             $                   960 $                     595
Earnings per common share (note 12)
  Basic                                                                                                                        $                  1.03 $                    0.64
  Diluted                                                                                                                      $                  1.03 $                    0.64
Earnings per common share from continuing operations (note 12)
  Basic                                                                                                                        $                  1.10 $                    0.66
  Diluted                                                                                                                      $                  1.10 $                    0.66




                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        38


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  39
                                  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited)



                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                              For the three months
                                                                                                                                                                           ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                         2024                2023



                                  Net earnings - common shareholders, before preferred dividends                                                                 $                992 $             627
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                    Unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of foreign operations                                                               256               144
                                    Foreign exchange translation gains reclassified to earnings on disposal of foreign operations (note 3)                                       (211)               —
                                    Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of the net investment in foreign operations                                                                   (64)          (26)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                   7             2
                                    Unrealized gains (losses) on bonds and mortgages at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                 (42)          185
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                   9           (43)
                                    Realized (gains) losses on bonds and mortgages at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                   19            36
                                         Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                                  (5)           (8)
                                    Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges                                                                                                     —             37
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                 —             (10)
                                    Realized (gains) losses on cash flow hedges                                                                                                        (5)          (29)
                                          Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                                  1             8
                                    Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                         15            (94)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                  (3)          26




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Total items that may be reclassified                                                                                                              (23)          228
                                  Items that will not be reclassified to Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                    Unrealized gains (losses) on stocks at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                              (72)           —
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                 19             —
                                    Re-measurements on defined benefit pension and other post-employment benefit plans                                                            168               (57)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                 (46)          15
                                    Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                         (13)            4
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                   4            (1)
                                    Total items that will not be reclassified                                                                                                         60            (39)
                                  Total other comprehensive income                                                                                                                    37            189
                                  Comprehensive income                                                                                                           $             1,029 $              816




                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements          39


                                       B  40                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited)


(in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                             March 31                December 31
                                                                                                                                      2024                      2023

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                      $               7,708 $                   7,742
Bonds (note 5)                                                                                                                               156,008                   157,051
Mortgage loans (note 5)                                                                                                                       38,215                    38,414
Stocks (note 5)                                                                                                                               17,915                    15,733
Investment properties (note 5)                                                                                                                 7,827                     7,870
                                                                                                                                             227,673                   226,810

Insurance contract assets (note 9)                                                                                                             1,282                     1,193
Reinsurance contract held assets (note 9)                                                                                                     17,407                    17,332
Assets held for sale (note 3)                                                                                                                     —                      4,467
Goodwill                                                                                                                                      11,314                    11,249
Intangible assets                                                                                                                              4,493                     4,484
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                               1,869                     2,219
Owner occupied properties                                                                                                                        743                       731
Fixed assets                                                                                                                                     325                       335
Accounts and interest receivable                                                                                                               5,460                     4,863
Other assets                                                                                                                                  14,705                    14,483
Current income taxes                                                                                                                             272                       260
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                            1,856                     1,848
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 10)                                                                            449,323                   422,956
Total assets                                                                                                                   $             736,722 $                 713,230

Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities (note 9)                                                                                        $             145,018 $                 144,388




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                               87,599                    88,919
Reinsurance contract held liabilities (note 9)                                                                                                   679                       648
Liabilities held for sale (note 3)                                                                                                                —                      2,407
Debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                                          9,059                     9,046
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                               1,559                     1,288
Accounts payable                                                                                                                               2,819                     3,216
Other liabilities                                                                                                                              9,512                     9,587
Current income taxes                                                                                                                             222                       137
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                         693                       787
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 9)                                                                      62,468                    60,302
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                             386,855                   362,654
Total liabilities                                                                                                                            706,483                   683,379

Equity
Non-controlling interests
   Participating account surplus in subsidiaries                                                                                                2,870                      2,847
   Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                                       71                        168
Shareholders' equity
   Share capital
         Limited recourse capital notes                                                                                                        1,500                     1,500
         Preferred shares                                                                                                                      2,720                     2,720
         Common shares (note 11)                                                                                                               6,022                     6,000
   Accumulated surplus                                                                                                                        15,926                    15,492
   Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                                                                        927                       890
   Contributed surplus                                                                                                                           203                       234
Total equity                                                                                                                                  30,239                    29,851
Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                   $             736,722 $                 713,230




                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements      40


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  41
                                  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (unaudited)



                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                     March 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                         Accumulated
                                                                                                                                             other                                    Non-
                                                                                               Share            Contributed Accumulated comprehensive                              controlling         Total
                                                                                              capital             surplus     surplus    income (loss)                              interests         equity
                                  Balance, beginning of year                              $        10,220 $                234 $             15,492 $                     890 $           3,015 $       29,851
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders, before
                                    preferred dividends                                                  —                    —                  992                        —                 26         1,018
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss)                                      —                    —                    —                        37                (3)              34
                                                                                                   10,220                  234               16,484                       927             3,038         30,903
                                  Dividends to shareholders
                                    Preferred shareholders (note 12)                                     —                    —                   (32)                      —                 —                (32)
                                    Common shareholders                                                  —                    —                 (518)                       —                 —            (518)
                                  Shares exercised and issued under share-based
                                    payment plans (note 11)                                              24                   (2)                  —                        —                     2            24
                                  Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
                                    course issuer bid (note 11)                                          (10)                 —                    —                        —                 —                (10)
                                  Excess of redemption proceeds over stated capital
                                    per normal course issuer bid (note 11)                                 8                  —                     (8)                     —                 —                —
                                  Impact of sale of discontinued operations                              —                  (32)                   —                        —                (99)          (131)
                                  Share-based payment plans expense                                      —                     3                   —                        —                 —                  3
                                  Balance, end of period                                  $        10,242 $                203 $             15,926 $                     927 $           2,941 $       30,239

                                                                                                                                               March 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                                           Accumulated




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                               other                   Non-
                                                                                               Share            Contributed         Accumulated           comprehensive             controlling       Total
                                                                                               capital            surplus             surplus              income (loss)             interests        equity
                                  Balance, beginning of year                              $        10,011 $                209 $             14,976 $                     713 $           2,886 $       28,795
                                  Impact of initial application of IFRS 9                                —                    —                   (33)                        3               —                (30)
                                  Revised balance, beginning of year                               10,011                  209               14,943                       716             2,886         28,765
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders, before
                                    preferred dividends                                                  —                    —                  627                        —                (22)          605
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss)                                      —                    —                    —                      189                 65           254
                                                                                                   10,011                  209               15,570                       905             2,929         29,624
                                  Dividends to shareholders
                                    Preferred shareholders (note 12)                                     —                    —                   (32)                      —                 —                (32)
                                    Common shareholders                                                  —                    —                 (485)                       —                 —            (485)
                                  Shares exercised and issued under share-based
                                    payment plans (note 11)                                              17                 (34)                   —                        —                 33               16
                                  Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
                                    course issuer bid (note 11)                                          (22)                 —                    —                        —                 —                (22)
                                  Excess of redemption proceeds over stated capital
                                    per normal course issuer bid (note 11)                               18                   —                   (18)                      —                 —                —
                                  Share-based payment plans expense                                      —                   23                    —                        —                 —                23
                                  Acquisition of non-controlling interest in subsidiary                  —                    —                   (52)                      —                (35)              (87)
                                  Dilution loss on non-controlling interests                             —                    —                   (41)                      —                 41               —
                                  Balance, end of period                                  $        10,024 $                198 $             14,942 $                     905 $           2,968 $       29,037




                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements              41


                                        B  42                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)



    (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                                   For the three months
                                                                                                                                                  ended March 31
                                                                                                                                             2024                     2023 1
    Operations
      Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                  $                1,098 $                      634
      Income taxes paid, net of refunds received                                                                                                       (110)                       (33)
      Adjustments:
         Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                        (4)                    2,837
         Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                   (2,593)                     (203)
         Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                 26                          7
         Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                     112                        22
         Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                            (87)                       (69)
         Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                1,385                      (3,572)
         Sales, maturities and repayments of portfolio investments                                                                                  10,348                      8,121
         Purchases of portfolio investments                                                                                                          (8,972)                    (6,908)
         Other                                                                                                                                         (950)                     (657)
                                                                                                                                                        253                       179
    Financing Activities
      Issue of common shares                                                                                                                             24                        17
      Purchased and cancelled common shares                                                                                                             (10)                       (22)
      Decrease in line of credit of subsidiaries                                                                                                         —                       (230)
      Dividends paid on common shares                                                                                                                  (518)                     (485)




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                                                                (32)                       (32)
                                                                                                                                                       (536)                     (752)
    Investment Activities
      Impact from sale of discontinued operations                                                                                                      (211)                        —
      Investment in associates and joint ventures                                                                                                        (3)                       (77)
                                                                                                                                                       (214)                       (77)

    Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     88                        26
    Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                   (409)                     (624)
    Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations, beginning of year                                                         8,117                      7,290
    Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations, end of period                                            $                7,708 $                    6,666
    Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end of period                                                                          —                        204
    Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations, end of period                                                             $                7,708 $                    6,462


    Supplementary cash flow information
      Interest income received                                                                                                      $                1,802 $                    1,727
      Interest paid                                                                                                                                      66                        70
      Dividend income received                                                                                                                          136                       105

1
     The Company has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period's presentation. These classifications had no impact on the equity or net
     earnings of the Company.




                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        42


                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  43
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  (in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts and where otherwise indicated)

                                  1.    Corporate Information
                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco or the Company) is a publicly listed company (Toronto Stock Exchange: GWO), incorporated and domiciled in
                                  Canada. The registered address of the Company is 100 Osborne Street North, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, R3C 1V3. Lifeco is a member of the
                                  Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation) group of companies and is a subsidiary of Power Corporation.
                                  Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings, wealth and asset
                                  management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the United States and Europe through its operating subsidiaries including The
                                  Canada Life Assurance Company (Canada Life) and Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America (Empower).
                                  The condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements (financial statements) of the Company as at and for the three months
                                  ended March 31, 2024 were approved by the Board of Directors on May 1, 2024.

                                  2.    Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material Accounting Policies
                                  These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's December 31, 2023 consolidated annual audited financial
                                  statements and notes thereto.
                                  The financial statements of the Company at March 31, 2024 have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of International
                                  Accounting Standard (IAS) 34, Interim Financial Reporting as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) using the same
                                  accounting policies and methods of computation followed in the consolidated annual audited financial statements for the year ended
                                  December 31, 2023 except as described below.

                                  Changes in Accounting Policies
                                  The Company adopted the amendments to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows, IFRS 7,
                                  Financial Instruments: Disclosures, and IFRS 16, Leases effective January 1, 2024. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  impact on the Company's financial statements.

                                  Use of Significant Judgments, Estimates and Assumptions
                                  In preparation of these financial statements, management is required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the
                                  reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net earnings and related disclosures. Although some uncertainty is inherent in these judgments and
                                  estimates, management believes that the amounts recorded are reasonable. Key sources of estimation uncertainty and areas where significant
                                  judgments have been made are further described in the relevant accounting policies as described in note 2 of the Company's December 31,
                                  2023 consolidated annual audited financial statements and notes thereto.

                                  Future Accounting Policies
                                  The Company actively monitors changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the IASB for potential impact on the Company. The following
                                  sets out standards released and updates to the Company’s analysis since the year ended December 31, 2023:

                                  New Standard                                   Summary of Future Changes
                                  IFRS 18 – Presentation and Disclosure in       In April 2024, the IASB published IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
                                  Financial Statements                           (IFRS 18). The standard aims to improve how companies communicate information in their
                                                                                 financial statements, with a focus on information about financial performance in the statement of
                                                                                 earnings.

                                                                                 IFRS 18 will require companies to:
                                                                                      •      Provide defined subtotals in the statement of earnings;
                                                                                      •      Disclose information for any management-defined performance measures related to the
                                                                                             statement of earnings; and
                                                                                      •      Implement principles for the grouping of information in the financial statements, and
                                                                                             whether to provide it in the primary financial statements or notes.
                                                                                 The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with
                                                                                 earlier application permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this
                                                                                 standard.




                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   43


                                        B  44                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



3.      Business Acquisitions and Other Transaction

(a) Sale of Putnam US Holdings I, LLC (Putnam Investments)
On January 1, 2024, the Company completed the sale of Putnam Investments, excluding PanAgora Holdings Inc. and its subsidiary PanAgora
Asset Management Inc. (collectively, PanAgora) to Franklin Resources, Inc., operating as Franklin Templeton, in exchange for Franklin
Templeton common shares, cash, and contingent consideration of up to U.S. $375 over a five to seven-year period. The Company will retain its
controlling interest in PanAgora, a quantitative asset manager, and certain assets, including deferred tax assets, related to Putnam Investments.
The Company currently holds approximately 31,600,000 Franklin Templeton common shares and will hold a majority of these shares for a
minimum five-year period.
In the 2023 financial statements, the net earnings (loss) and cash flows of Putnam Investments were classified as discontinued operations
within the United States operating segment, and the related assets and liabilities were classified as held for sale. Financial information relating
to the sale of the discontinued operation is set out below, reflecting total estimated fair value of consideration of $1,909. Included in the results
for the three months ended March 31, 2024 are $115 of closing costs and final adjustments to the carrying value, resulting in a net gain on sale of
$44 after-tax.
Details of the Sale of Putnam Investments

                                                                                                                                                               January 1, 2024
Consideration received or receivable
     Fair value of Franklin Templeton Common Shares (U.S. $29.79 per share)                                                     $                1,321
     Net cash and other deferred and contingent consideration                                                                                       588
     Non-controlling interest in sale of Putnam Investments                                                                                        (123)
     Total net proceeds on disposal of Putnam Investments                                                                                                  $                1,786
Net carrying value of net assets sold
  Carrying value                                                                                                                $                2,010




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  Foreign exchange translation gains reclassified to earnings on disposal of foreign operations                                                    (211)
Net carrying value of discontinued operations                                                                                                              $                1,799
                                                                                                                                                           $                  (13)
Income tax recovery                                                                                                                                                           57
Net gain on sale after income tax                                                                                                                          $                  44

(b) Acquisition of Investment Planning Counsel
On November 30, 2023, Canada Life completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity of Investment Planning Counsel Inc., an independent
wealth management firm, from IGM Financial Inc. (IGM) for total purchase consideration of $585. The acquisition extends Canada Life’s wealth
management reach and capabilities. IGM is an affiliated company and a member of the Power Corporation group of companies. Therefore, the
transaction was reviewed and approved by the Conduct Review Committee of each of the Company and Canada Life.
The initial amounts assigned to the assets acquired, goodwill, and liabilities assumed on November 30, 2023, reported as at March 31, 2024 are
as follows:

Assets acquired and goodwill
     Cash                                                                                                                                                  $                  31
     Fixed assets                                                                                                                                                              6
     Accounts receivable                                                                                                                                                      33
     Other assets                                                                                                                                                            273
     Current income taxes                                                                                                                                                      1
  Goodwill                                                                                                                                                                   583
Total assets acquired and goodwill                                                                                                                         $                 927
Liabilities assumed
     Accounts payable                                                                                                                                      $                  55
  Other liabilities                                                                                                                                                          274
  Current income taxes                                                                                                                                                         1
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                    12
Total liabilities assumed                                                                                                                                  $                 342

Accounting for the acquisition is not finalized, pending the completion of a comprehensive valuation of the net assets acquired. The financial
statements as at March 31, 2024 reflect management’s current best estimate of the purchase price allocation. As at March 31, 2024, provisional
amounts for intangible assets have not been separately identified and valued within the assets of the purchase price allocation, pending
completion of the valuation exercise. Final valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and the completion of the purchase price
allocation will occur by the fourth quarter of 2024.


                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        44


                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  45
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  As a result, the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired, representing goodwill of $583 as at March 31, 2024, will be
                                  adjusted in future periods.
                                  The goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets, representing the synergies or future economic
                                  benefits arising from other assets acquired that are not individually identified and separately recognized in the acquisition. These synergies
                                  represent meaningful expense and revenue opportunities which are expected to be accretive to earnings. The goodwill is not deductible for tax
                                  purposes.

                                  (c)   Acquisition of Value Partners
                                  On September 8, 2023, Canada Life completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity of Value Partners Group Inc., a Winnipeg based investment
                                  firm that serves clients with complex and sophisticated wealth needs. As at March 31, 2024, the accounting for the acquisition is not finalized,
                                  with the initial amount of $119 assigned to goodwill on the date of the acquisition to be adjusted, pending the completion of a comprehensive
                                  valuation of the net assets acquired.

                                  4.    Restructuring and Integration Expenses

                                  (a) Canada Restructuring
                                  The Company recorded a restructuring provision of $23 in Canada for the three months ended March 31, 2024 ($21 in the shareholder account
                                  and $2 in the participating account). The restructuring is related to the transitioning of some of the information technology operations functions
                                  to a managed service arrangement with an external provider. As at March 31, 2024, the Company has a provision of $23 remaining in other
                                  liabilities related to this restructuring. The Company expects to utilize a significant portion of these amounts during 2024.

                                  (b) Empower Restructuring and Integration
                                  The Company recorded a restructuring provision of $17 in the United States for the three months ended March 31, 2024 ($5 for the three months
                                  ended March 31, 2023). The restructuring is primarily attributable to staff reductions and other exit costs related to the Company's acquisition of
                                  the retirement services businesses of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and Prudential Financial, Inc. (Prudential). At March 31,




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  2024, the Company has a provision of $19 remaining in other liabilities related to this restructuring ($7 at December 31, 2023). The Company
                                  expects to pay out a significant portion of these amounts during the year. The Company expects to incur further restructuring and integration
                                  expenses associated with the Prudential acquisition during the year.
                                  The Company recorded integration expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings of $28 for the three months ended March 31, 2024 ($26
                                  for the three months ended March 31, 2023).




                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   45


                                        B  46                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



5.          Portfolio Investments

(a) Carrying Values and Estimated Fair Values of Portfolio Investments are as Follows:
                                                                                                 March 31, 2024                                   December 31, 2023
                                                                                  Carrying value                  Fair value              Carrying value              Fair value
    Bonds
      Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) - designated                  $               142,673 $                       142,673 $           143,506 $                 143,506
      FVTPL - mandatory                                                                           1,561                         1,561                  1,795                    1,795
      Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)                                      11,774                        11,774                 11,750                   11,750
                                                                                              156,008                         156,008             157,051                   157,051
    Mortgage loans
      FVTPL - designated                                                                         28,875                        28,875                 29,211                   29,211
      FVTPL - mandatory                                                                           4,373                         4,373                  4,203                    4,203
      FVOCI                                                                                         570                          570                    578                        578
      Amortized cost                                                                              4,397                         3,879                  4,422                    3,923
                                                                                                 38,215                        37,697                 38,414                   37,915
    Stocks
      FVTPL - mandatory                                                                          15,856                        15,856                 14,890                   14,890
      FVOCI - designated 1                                                                        1,198                         1,198                      —                        —
      Equity method                                                                                 861                          773                    843                        777
                                                                                                 17,915                        17,827                 15,733                   15,667




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Investment properties                                                                         7,827                         7,827                  7,870                    7,870
    Total                                                                     $               219,965 $                       219,359 $           219,068 $                 218,503

1
     Represents Franklin Templeton common shares received on the sale of Putnam Investments.

(b) Net Investment Income Comprises the Following:
                                                                                                   Mortgage                             Investment
    For the three months ended March 31, 2024                                     Bonds             loans                Stocks          properties        Other           Total
    Net investment income:
      Investment income earned                                                $        1,659 $                373 $              166 $         124 $           131 $            2,453
      Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                                 (19)                 —                 —              —                 —               (19)
      Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                                       —                   —                 —              —                 —                —
      Net expected credit loss (ECL) recovery (charge)                                      —                    2                —              —                 —                2
      Other income and expenses                                                             —                   —                 —             (46)               (50)            (96)
                                                                                       1,640                  375                166             78                81           2,340
    Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
      FVTPL - designated                                                              (1,574)                  (70)               —              —             (305)           (1,949)
      FVTPL - mandatory                                                                      2                 40                588             —                 —               630
      Recorded at FVTPL                                                                     —                   —                 —             (66)               —               (66)
                                                                                      (1,572)                  (30)              588            (66)           (305)           (1,385)
    Total                                                                     $             68 $              345 $              754 $           12 $          (224) $             955




                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         46


                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               B  47
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                           Mortgage                                Investment
                                  For the three months ended March 31, 2023                               Bonds             loans                 Stocks            properties           Other          Total
                                  Net investment income:
                                        Investment income earned                                     $         1,580 $                345 $               106 $               120 $              76 $      2,227
                                        Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                       (36)                 —                   —                   —                —              (36)
                                        Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                             —                   —                   —                   —                —               —
                                        Net ECL recovery (charge)                                                   —                    1                  —                   —                —               1
                                        Other income and expenses                                                   —                   —                   —                 (46)               (45)           (91)
                                                                                                               1,544                  346                 106                  74                31        2,101
                                  Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                        FVTPL - designated                                                     2,849                  359                   —                   —            125           3,333
                                        FVTPL - mandatory                                                           —                  89                 290                   —                —              379
                                        Recorded at FVTPL                                                           —                   —                   —                (140)               —          (140)
                                                                                                               2,849                  448                 290                (140)           125           3,572
                                  Total                                                              $         4,393 $                794 $               396 $               (66) $         156 $         5,673

                                  Investment income from bonds and mortgages includes interest income, and premium and discount amortization. Investment income from
                                  stocks includes dividends, distributions from private equity and equity income from the investment in IGM. Investment properties income
                                  includes rental income earned on investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and sub-leased land, fee recoveries, lease
                                  cancellation income, and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other investment income includes foreign
                                  exchange gains and losses, income earned from derivative financial instruments and other miscellaneous income.

                                  6.       Risk Management




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The Company has policies relating to the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of risks associated with financial
                                  instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related to financial instruments are credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk (currency,
                                  interest rate and equity). The Risk Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of the Company's key risks. The
                                  Company's approach to risk management has not substantially changed from that described in the Company's 2023 Annual Report. Certain
                                  risks have been outlined below. For a discussion of the Company's risk governance structure and risk management approach see the "Risk
                                  Management" note in the Company's December 31, 2023 consolidated annual audited financial statements.
                                  The Company has also established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks. Management is
                                  responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital plan. The Board of Directors reviews
                                  and approves all capital transactions undertaken by management.

                                  (a) Credit Risk
                                  Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from an obligor's potential inability or unwillingness to fully meet its contractual obligations.
                                  (i)      Concentration of Credit Risk
                                  Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single obligor, a group of related obligors or groups of obligors that have similar credit
                                  risk characteristics and operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The characteristics are similar in that changes in
                                  economic or political environments may impact their ability to meet obligations as they come due. No significant changes have occurred from
                                  the year ended December 31, 2023.

                                  (ii) Expected Credit Losses
                                  The majority of the Company's financial assets are measured at FVTPL and therefore are not subject to the ECL model. The ECL model only
                                  applies to FVOCI and amortized cost fixed income investments. The ECL allowance was $36 at March 31, 2024, of which $5 was Stage 1, $27 was
                                  Stage 2 and $4 was Stage 3 ($37 at December 31, 2023, of which $4 was Stage 1, $29 was Stage 2 and $4 was Stage 3).

                                  (iii) Credit Impact on Financial Assets Designated as FVTPL
                                  The carrying value of the Company’s portfolio investments designated as FVTPL represents the maximum exposure to credit risk for those
                                  assets. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these assets is generally insignificant in the absence of significant
                                  credit events occurring on specific assets. For the three months ended March 31, 2024, there were no fair value losses ($4 for the three months
                                  ended March 31, 2023) related to significant credit events occurring on assets designated as FVTPL reflected in the Consolidated Statements of
                                  Earnings.

                                  (b) Liquidity Risk
                                  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as they come due. The following policies and
                                  procedures are in place to manage this risk:
                                  •      The Company closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and forecasting earned and required
                                         yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets.




                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements              47


                                           B  48                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


•     Management closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity requirements at the holding
      company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital market transactions. The Company maintains
      committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks.

(c)    Market Risk
Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and investment contract
liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors which include three types: currency risk, interest rate (including related inflation)
risk and equity risk.

Caution Related to Risk Sensitivities
These financial statements include estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures for certain risks, such as the sensitivity due to specific
changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ significantly from these estimates for
a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, changes in the Company’s asset or liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income
tax rates, other market factors, differences in the actual exposure relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and
general limitations of the Company’s internal models.
For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the respective factors. Given
the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on shareholders' net earnings will be as
indicated.

(i)    Currency Risk
Currency risk relates to the Company operating and holding financial instruments in different currencies. For the assets backing insurance and
investment contract liabilities that are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange rates can expose the Company to the risk of
foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
•     A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating insurance and
      investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount resulting in an immaterial immediate
      change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to decrease non-




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount resulting in an
      immaterial immediate change in shareholders' net earnings.
The Company has net investments in foreign operations. The Company’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian dollars, euros, and U.S.
dollars. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations, net of related
hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. Strengthening or weakening of the Canadian
dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates impacts the Company’s total equity. Correspondingly, the
Company’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies are also impacted.

(ii) Interest Rate Risk
Interest rate risk exists if asset and liability cash flows are not closely matched and interest rates change, causing a difference in the value of
assets and the value of liabilities. The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate the Company's exposure to interest rate risk:
•     Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
•     The Company utilizes a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund assets and
      liabilities into segments. Assets in each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment.
•     For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets or investment
      properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available to match certain period cash
      flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-fixed income assets, while the rest are duration
      matched.
•     Hedging instruments are employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss exposure to
      interest rate changes.
•     To the extent asset and liability cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any change in the fair value
      of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
•     For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash flows of a shorter
      duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and other non-fixed income assets.
•     The risk associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of asset acquisition are
      quantified and reviewed regularly.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of financial assets
supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value of insurance and investment
contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in shareholders' net earnings under IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17)
and IFRS 9, Financial Instruments (IFRS 9).
The Company's asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of general fund
assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in the net earnings. Further, the classification of financial assets under IFRS 9,
such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdom which are carried at amortized cost and held in the general fund assets supporting liabilities,
also contributes to interest rate exposure in shareholders' net earnings.

                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   48


                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  49
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates is
                                  illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25:
                                  Change in Market Yield Curves

                                                                                                                    March 31, 2024                                            December 31, 2023
                                                                                                    Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis               Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis
                                                                                                     points interest              points interest                  points interest             points interest
                                                                                                          rates                       rates                            rates                        rates
                                  Shareholders' net earnings                                       $                     150 $                        (200) $                         175 $                (225)
                                  Shareholders' equity                                                                   125                          (200)                           150                  (225)

                                  Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are positively impacted
                                  by a parallel increase in interest rates in Canada, United States and the United Kingdom, and are positively impacted by a parallel decrease in
                                  interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary by the level of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual
                                  impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the estimated impact of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
                                  The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to the Company's
                                  ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the sensitivity of shareholders' net earnings of
                                  the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $25 or a decrease of $25 post-tax,
                                  respectively.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is
                                  illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium:
                                  Change in Credit Spreads

                                                                                                                    March 31, 2024                                            December 31, 2023




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                    Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis               Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis
                                                                                                      points credit                points credit                   points interest             points interest
                                                                                                         spreads                     spreads                           rates                        rates
                                  Shareholders' net earnings                                       $                     225 $                        (300) $                         300 $                (375)
                                  Shareholders' equity                                                                   275                          (375)                           350                  (450)

                                  Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in credit spreads by
                                  term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the IFRS 17 discount rate, depending on
                                  prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise from such a change are not reflected in the
                                  sensitivities above.

                                  (iii) Equity Risk
                                  Equity risk is the uncertainty associated with the valuation of assets and liabilities arising from changes in equity markets and other pricing risk.
                                  To mitigate this risk, the Company has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent investment in equity markets within
                                  clearly defined limits. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits have been
                                  mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency forwards, and interest rate derivatives.
                                  Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common stocks and investments
                                  in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private stocks, and equity release mortgages.
                                  Shareholders' net earnings will reflect changes in the values of non-fixed income assets. However, in most cases the value of the liabilities will
                                  not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
                                  The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets. Under
                                  current market conditions, there are no earnings impacts to the Company on segregated fund business that it does not hedge, as changes in the
                                  cost of guarantees are fully offset within the contractual service margin (CSM). For segregated fund business that the Company hedges, there is
                                  a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability versus the change in hedge assets.
                                  On January 1, 2024, the Company completed the sale of Putnam Investments and currently holds approximately 31,600,000 Franklin Templeton
                                  common shares as part of the consideration, which are classified as FVOCI. The Company will hold a majority of these shares for a minimum
                                  five-year period.




                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements             49


                                        B  50                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or decrease in the value of publicly
traded common stocks on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
Change in Publicly Traded Common Stock Values

                                                    March 31, 2024 1                                                                  December 31, 2023
                              20%                10%                  10%                   20%                   20%                 10%            10%                20%
                            increase           increase             decrease              decrease              increase            increase       decrease           decrease
    Shareholders' net
      earnings          $           175 $                  75 $                 (75) $              (175) $                 225 $          100 $           (100) $           (225)
    Shareholders'
      equity                        675                   325                 (325)                 (675)                   525            250             (250)             (525)

1
     The net impact of the sale of Putnam Investments and the receipt of Franklin Templeton common shares is reflected in the March 31, 2024
     values in the table above. The Franklin Templeton common shares are measured at FVOCI and therefore unrealized gains and losses do not
     impact shareholders' net earnings. The after-tax impact on shareholders' equity of the Franklin Templeton common shares is approximately
     $100 for every 10% change in the common stock equity value.
The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the value of other non-
fixed income assets on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
Change in Other Non-Fixed Income Asset Values

                                                     March 31, 2024                                                                   December 31, 2023
                              10%                 5%                  5%                    10%                   10%                 5%             5%                 10%
                            increase            increase            decrease              decrease              increase            increase       decrease           decrease
    Shareholders' net
      earnings          $           400 $                 200 $               (200) $               (425) $                 400 $          200 $           (200) $           (425)




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Shareholders'
      equity                        425                   225                 (225)                 (450)                   450            225             (225)             (450)

7.       Fair Value Measurement
The Company’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value hierarchy:
Level 1: Fair value measurements utilize observable, quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
Company has the ability to access. Assets and liabilities utilizing Level 1 inputs include actively exchange-traded equity securities, exchange-
traded futures, and mutual and segregated funds which have available prices in an active market with no redemption restrictions.
Level 2: Fair value measurements utilize inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs other than quoted prices
that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. The fair
values for some Level 2 securities were obtained from a pricing service. The pricing service inputs include, but are not limited to, benchmark
yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, offers and reference data. Level 2 assets
and liabilities include those priced using a matrix which is based on credit quality and average life, government and agency securities, restricted
stock, some private bonds and investment funds, most investment-grade and high-yield corporate bonds, most asset-backed securities, most
over-the-counter derivatives, and mortgage loans. Investment contracts that are measured at FVTPL are mostly included in the Level 2 category.
Level 3: Fair value measurements utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable market inputs and include situations
where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. The values of the majority of Level 3 securities were obtained from single
broker quotes, internal pricing models, or external appraisers. Assets and liabilities utilizing Level 3 inputs generally include certain bonds,
certain asset-backed securities, some private equities, investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions,
certain over-the-counter derivatives, investment properties and equity release mortgages.




                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       50


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  51
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The following presents the Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by hierarchy level:

                                                                                                               March 31, 2024                                                        December 31, 2023
                                      Assets measured at fair value                           Level 1         Level 2         Level 3             Total            Level 1           Level 2        Level 3     Total
                                      Cash and cash equivalents                           $      7,708 $              — $               — $          7,708 $           7,742 $                — $         — $     7,742
                                      Financial assets at FVTPL
                                         Bonds                                                       —         144,050                184         144,234                   —         145,049            252    145,301
                                         Mortgage loans                                              —          28,875             4,373            33,248                  —          29,211          4,203     33,414
                                         Stocks                                                 11,393              247            4,216            15,856           10,863                 218        3,809     14,890
                                      Total financial assets at FVTPL                           11,393         173,172             8,773          193,338            10,863           174,478          8,264    193,605
                                      Financial assets at FVOCI
                                         Bonds                                                       —          11,774                  —           11,774                  —          11,750             —      11,750
                                         Mortgage loans                                              —              570                 —               570                 —               578           —         578
                                         Stocks                                                  1,198                —                 —            1,198                  —                 —           —             —
                                      Total financial assets at FVOCI                            1,198          12,344                  —           13,542                  —          12,328             —      12,328
                                      Investment properties                                          —                —            7,827             7,827                  —                 —        7,870      7,870
                                                    1
                                      Derivatives                                                    —            1,869                 —            1,869                   1           2,218            —       2,219
                                                             2
                                      Assets held for sale                                           —                —                 —                 —               614            1,006           907      2,527
                                      Other assets:
                                         Trading account assets                                    246            2,956                 —            3,202                242            2,796            —       3,038
                                         Other 3                                                     —              205                 —               205                 —               443           —         443




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Total assets measured at fair value                 $     20,545 $ 190,546 $                16,600 $ 227,691 $                 19,462 $ 193,269 $               17,041 $ 229,772


                                      Liabilities measured at fair value

                                      Derivatives 4                                       $             5 $       1,554 $               — $          1,559 $                 5 $         1,283 $          — $     1,288
                                      Investment contract liabilities                                —          87,599                  —           87,599                  —          88,919             —      88,919
                                      Other liabilities                                              —              205                 —               205                 —               443           —         443
                                      Total liabilities measured at fair value            $             5 $     89,358 $                — $         89,363 $                 5 $       90,645 $           — $    90,650

                                  1
                                        Excludes collateral received from counterparties of $896 at March 31, 2024 ($1,346 at December 31, 2023).
                                  2
                                        Assets held for sale measured at fair value includes cash of $375, stocks of $46 and trading account assets of $2,106 as at December 31, 2023.
                                  3
                                        Includes collateral received under securities lending arrangements.
                                  4
                                        Excludes collateral pledged to counterparties of $957 at March 31, 2024 ($247 at December 31, 2023).

                                  There were no transfers of the Company's assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 during the period ended March 31, 2024 and the
                                  year ended December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements          51


                                            B  52                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


The following presents additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and for which the
Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                       For the three months ended March 31, 2024
                                                                                             FVTPL                                                Trading        Assets        Total
                                                                              FVTPL         mortgage             FVTPL           Investment       account       held for      Level 3
                                                                              bonds          loans              stocks 4          properties       assets         sale        assets
    Balance, beginning of year                                            $         252 $          4,203 $           3,809 $          7,870 $           — $          907 $        17,041
    Total gains (losses)
      Included in net earnings                                                        —                 96                88             (66)           —              —             118
      Included in other comprehensive income 1                                        —                 28               20               48            —              —               96
    Purchases                                                                         13                —               420               26            —              —              459
    Sale of discontinued operations                                                   —                 —                —                —             —            (907)           (907)
    Issues                                                                            —                 94               —                —             —              —               94
    Sales                                                                            (10)               —              (121)             (42)           —              —             (173)
    Settlements                                                                       —                (48)               —               —             —              —              (48)
    Transferred to owner occupied properties                                          —                 —                 —               (9)           —              —               (9)
    Other                                                                             —                 —                 —               —             —              —               —
    Transfers into Level 3 3                                                          —                 —                 —               —             —              —               —
    Transfers out of Level 3 3                                                      (71)              —                 —                —              —              —             (71)
    Balance, end of period                                                $         184 $          4,373 $           4,216 $          7,827 $           — $            — $        16,600
    Total gains (losses) for the period included in net
      investment result                                                   $           — $               96 $              88 $           (66) $         — $            — $           118
    Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the period
      included in earnings for assets held at March




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      31, 2024                                                            $           — $               95 $              88 $           (67) $         — $            — $           116

                                                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2023
                                                                                              FVTPL                                               Trading        Assets         Total
                                                                              FVTPL          mortgage            FVTPL           Investment       account       held for       Level 3
                                                                              bonds           loans             stocks 4          properties       assets         sale         assets
    Balance, beginning of year                                            $         195 $          3,371 $           3,029 $          8,344 $          940 $           — $        15,879
    Total gains (losses)
      Included in net earnings                                                         6              345               148             (507)          (12)            25              5
      Included in other comprehensive income 1                                        —                52                (12)             53            —             (14)            79
    Purchases                                                                         68               —                948              191            23             12          1,242
    Issues                                                                            —               569                —                —             —             —               569
    Sales                                                                            (17)              —               (304)            (211)           —            (67)            (599)
    Settlements                                                                       —              (134)               —                —             —             —              (134)
    Other 2                                                                           —                —                 —                —           (951)          951               —
    Transfers into Level 3 3                                                          —                —                 —                —             —             —                —
    Transfers out of Level 3 3                                                       —                —                 —                —              —             —               —
    Balance, end of year                                                  $         252 $          4,203 $           3,809 $          7,870 $           — $          907 $        17,041
    Total gains (losses) for the year included in net
      investment result                                                   $             6 $           345 $             148 $           (507) $        (12) $          25 $              5
    Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the year
      included in earnings for assets held at December 31,
      2023                                                 $                            6 $           334 $             148 $           (499) $         — $            25 $           14

1
     Amount of other comprehensive income for FVTPL bonds, mortgage loans and investment properties represents the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
2
     Represents amounts reclassified to assets held for sale as a result of the agreement to sell Putnam Investments (note 3).
3
     Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of redemption restrictions on investments in
     mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
     market prices with multiple pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.
4
     Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements          52


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               B  53
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The following sets out information about significant unobservable inputs used at period-end in measuring assets and liabilities categorized as
                                  Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                                                                                                  Inter-relationship between
                                                                                                    Significant                                                                   key unobservable inputs
                                  Type of asset            Valuation approach                       unobservable input                Input value                                 and fair value measurement
                                  Investment               Investment property valuations are Discount rate                           Range of 4.2% - 11.6%                       A decrease in the discount rate
                                  properties               generally determined using                                                                                             would result in an increase in
                                                           property valuation models based on                                                                                     fair value. An increase in the
                                                           expected capitalization rates and                                                                                      discount rate would result in a
                                                           models that discount expected                                                                                          decrease in fair value.
                                                           future net cash flows. The
                                                           determination of the fair value of     Reversionary rate                   Range of 4.3% - 7.8%                        A decrease in the reversionary
                                                           investment property requires the                                                                                       rate would result in an
                                                           use of estimates such as future cash                                                                                   increase in fair value. An
                                                           flows (such as future leasing                                                                                          increase in the reversionary
                                                           assumptions, rental rates, capital                                                                                     rate would result in a decrease
                                                           and operating expenditures) and                                                                                        in fair value.
                                                           discount, reversionary and overall     Vacancy rate                        Weighted average of 4.5%                    A decrease in the expected
                                                           capitalization rates applicable to the                                                                                 vacancy rate would generally
                                                           asset based on current market                                                                                          result in an increase in fair
                                                           rates.                                                                                                                 value. An increase in the
                                                                                                                                                                                  expected vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                                                                  generally result in a decrease
                                                                                                                                                                                  in fair value.
                                  Mortgage loans -         The valuation approach for equity    Discount rate                         Range of 4.3% - 6.1%                        A decrease in the discount rate
                                  equity release           release mortgages is to use an                                                                                         would result in an increase in
                                  mortgages (FVTPL)        internal valuation model to                                                                                            fair value. An increase in the
                                                           determine the projected asset cash                                                                                     discount rate would result in a
                                                           flows, including the cost of the no                                                                                    decrease in fair value.
                                                           negative equity guarantee for each
                                                           individual loan, to aggregate these
                                                           across all loans and to discount




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                           those cash flows back to the
                                                           valuation date. The projection is
                                                           done monthly until expected
                                                           redemption of the loan either
                                                           voluntarily or on the death/entering
                                                           into long term care of the
                                                           loanholders.
                                  Stocks                   The determination of the fair value Discount rate                          Various                                     A decrease in the discount rate
                                                           of stocks requires the use of                                                                                          would result in an increase in
                                                           estimates such as future cash flows,                                                                                   fair value.
                                                           discount rates, projected earnings                                                                                     An increase in the discount
                                                           multiples, or recent transactions.                                                                                     rate would result in a decrease
                                                                                                                                                                                  in fair value.

                                  8.      Insurance Revenue

                                                                                                                                                                               For the three months
                                                                                                                                                                                  ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                             2024                   2023
                                  Contracts not measured under the premium allocation approach (PAA)
                                  Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining coverage
                                       Experience adjustments                                                                                                     $                        (9) $              (14)
                                       CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                                               310                307
                                       Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                                                                  152                149
                                       Expected incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                                                                                  2,332                2,243
                                       Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                                                       143                138
                                                                                                                                                                  $                   2,928 $              2,823
                                  Contracts measured under the PAA                                                                                                                    2,322                2,214
                                  Total insurance revenue                                                                                                         $                   5,250 $              5,037




                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements           53


                                          B  54                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



9.     Insurance Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held

(a) Insurance Contract (Assets) / Liabilities
                                                                                                          March 31, 2024
                                                                  Not measured under the PAA
                                                 Estimates of               Risk adjustment
                                               present value of             for non-financial
                                              future cash flows                   risk                            CSM                    PAA                      Total
Assets                                       $                 (6,700) $                      1,634 $                      3,880 $                 (96) $                  (1,282)
Liabilities                                                  116,554                          5,236                       10,264               12,964                  145,018
Liabilities on account of segregated
   fund policyholders                                         62,468                              —                           —                     —                      62,468
                                             $               172,322 $                        6,870 $                     14,144 $             12,868 $                206,204

                                                                                                        December 31, 2023
                                                                    Not measured under the PAA
                                                    Estimates of             Risk adjustment
                                                  present value of           for non-financial
                                                 future cash flows                 risk                           CSM                    PAA                      Total
Assets                                       $                 (6,560) $                      1,654 $                      3,796 $                 (83) $                  (1,193)
Liabilities                                                  115,794                          5,372                        9,952               13,270                  144,388
Liabilities on account of segregated
   fund policyholders                                         60,302                              —                           —                     —                      60,302
                                             $               169,536 $                        7,026 $                     13,748 $             13,187 $                203,497




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
(b) Reinsurance Contract Held Assets / (Liabilities)
                                                                                                          March 31, 2024
                                                                  Not measured under the PAA
                                                 Estimates of               Risk adjustment
                                               present value of             for non-financial
                                              future cash flows                   risk                            CSM                    PAA                      Total
Assets                                       $                15,966 $                          853 $                       456 $                  132 $                   17,407
Liabilities                                                    (2,118)                          838                         641                    (40)                      (679)
                                             $                13,848 $                        1,691 $                      1,097 $                  92 $                   16,728

                                                                                                        December 31, 2023
                                                                    Not measured under the PAA
                                                    Estimates of             Risk adjustment
                                                  present value of           for non-financial
                                                 future cash flows                 risk                           CSM                    PAA                      Total
Assets                                       $                16,181 $                          866 $                       163 $                  122 $                   17,332
Liabilities                                                    (2,419)                          863                         950                    (42)                      (648)
                                             $                13,762 $                        1,729 $                      1,113 $                  80 $                   16,684




                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        54


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  55
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  (c)       Discount Rates
                                  The following table provides the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by the Company to discount liability cash flows by
                                  major currency:

                                                     March 31, 2024                           Year 1                Year 5                 Year 10                 Year 20                 Year 30            Year 50
                                                                Lower                                5.9 %                  4.8 %                   4.8 %                    4.8 %                 4.7 %              4.7 %
                                      CAD
                                                                Upper                                6.4 %                  5.2 %                   5.3 %                    5.2 %                 5.1 %              5.1 %
                                                                Lower                                5.9 %                  5.1 %                   5.1 %                    5.5 %                 5.2 %              4.9 %
                                      USD
                                                                Upper                                6.3 %                  5.6 %                   5.6 %                    6.0 %                 5.7 %              5.2 %
                                                                Lower                                3.4 %                  2.4 %                   2.4 %                    2.6 %                 3.0 %              4.3 %
                                      EUR
                                                                Upper                                4.9 %                  3.9 %                   3.9 %                    4.1 %                 4.2 %              4.5 %
                                                                Lower                                5.1 %                  4.2 %                   4.4 %                    4.9 %                 4.9 %              4.0 %
                                      GBP
                                                                Upper                                6.0 %                  5.2 %                   5.3 %                    5.9 %                 5.9 %              5.0 %

                                                   December 31, 2023                          Year 1                Year 5                 Year 10                 Year 20                 Year 30             Year 50
                                                                Lower                                6.0 %                  4.5 %                   4.4 %                    4.3 %                 4.2 %              4.5 %
                                      CAD
                                                                Upper                                6.4 %                  4.9 %                   4.9 %                    4.9 %                 4.8 %              4.9 %
                                                                Lower                                5.7 %                  4.8 %                   4.8 %                    5.3 %                 4.9 %              4.7 %
                                      USD
                                                                Upper                                6.1 %                  5.2 %                   5.3 %                    5.8 %                 5.4 %              5.0 %
                                                                Lower                                3.2 %                  2.1 %                   2.2 %                    2.5 %                 2.9 %              4.3 %
                                      EUR
                                                                Upper                                4.8 %                  3.6 %                   3.8 %                    4.1 %                 4.2 %              4.5 %
                                                                Lower                                4.9 %                  3.8 %                   4.0 %                    4.7 %                 4.6 %              3.7 %
                                      GBP
                                                                Upper                                5.9 %                  4.8 %                   5.1 %                    5.7 %                 5.6 %              4.7 %




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The spot rates in the table above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets. When interest rates are
                                  not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a risk-free rate and illiquidity premium. These
                                  amounts are set based on historical data.

                                  10. Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities

                                  The following presents further details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting requirements of each
                                  region of the Company's operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:

                                  (a) Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders
                                                                                                                                                                                March 31                   December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                    2024                      2023
                                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                          $                 16,457 $                  15,024
                                      Bonds                                                                                                                                                71,112                    72,111
                                      Mortgage loans                                                                                                                                         2,041                    2,022
                                      Stocks and units in unit trusts                                                                                                                    139,046                  130,415
                                      Mutual funds                                                                                                                                       204,781                  188,549
                                      Investment properties                                                                                                                                11,945                    12,071
                                                                                                                                                                                         445,382                  420,192
                                      Accrued income                                                                                                                                             921                     832
                                      Other liabilities                                                                                                                                     (4,160)                  (4,138)
                                      Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                                  7,180                    6,070
                                      Total 1                                                                                                                            $               449,323 $                422,956

                                  1
                                        At March 31, 2024, $66,868 of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by the Company on a modified coinsurance basis ($64,097 at
                                        December 31, 2023). Included in this amount are $141 of cash and cash equivalents, $10,761 of bonds, $18 of stocks and units in unit trusts, $55,866 of mutual funds, $81
                                        of accrued income and $1 of other assets.




                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements               55


                                            B  56                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



(b) Insurance and Investment Contracts on Account of Segregated Funds Policyholders
                                                                                                                                                     For the three months
                                                                                                                                                        ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                    2024                   2023
    Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                            $            422,956 $                387,882
      Additions (deductions):
            Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                          12,473                   14,905
            Net investment income                                                                                                                            993                       861
            Net realized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                              2,281                       65
            Net unrealized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                           20,037                   14,724
            Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                              3,202                    1,953
            Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                                   (13,737)                     (14,028)
            Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                                2                       13
            Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                                               (1)                        2
            Net transfer from (to) general fund                                                                                                                 7                       37
            Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                           1,110                    (1,268)
    Total                                                                                                                                                  26,367                   17,264
    Balance, end of period                                                                                                                $            449,323 $                405,146

(c)         Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders by Fair Value Hierarchy Level
                                                                                                                                   March 31, 2024




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                            Level 1                      Level 2                Level 3                    Total
    Investments on account of segregated fund
      policyholders 1                                                              $                324,213 $                      114,510 $               13,861 $                 452,584

1
     Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $3,261.

                                                                                                                              December 31, 2023
                                                                                            Level 1                       Level 2            Level 3                       Total


    Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders 1                      $                299,451 $                      113,199 $               13,792 $                 426,442

1
     Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $3,486.
For the three months ended March 31, 2024, certain foreign stock holdings valued at $192 have been transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 ($56
were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2023) primarily based on the Company's change in use of inputs in addition to quoted
prices in active markets for certain foreign stock holdings. Level 2 assets include those assets where fair value is not available from normal
market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition to quoted prices in active markets and where the Company does not have access to
the underlying asset details within an investment fund.
The following presents additional information about the Company's investments on account of segregated fund policyholders for which the
Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                                                               March 31               December 31
                                                                                                                                                    2024                   2023
    Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                            $                13,792 $                 14,455
    Total gains (losses) included in segregated fund investment income                                                                                       (180)                   (1,073)
    Purchases                                                                                                                                                190                       795
    Sales                                                                                                                                                     (33)                     (445)
    Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                                                    93                       350
    Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                                                   (1)                     (290)
    Balance, end of period                                                                                                                $                13,861 $                 13,792

Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of Level 3 are due
primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices with multiple pricing
vendors.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         56


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  57
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  11. Share Capital

                                  Common Shares
                                                                                                                                   For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                              2024                                                        2023
                                                                                                             Number                   Carrying value                     Number                  Carrying value
                                  Common shares
                                  Balance, beginning of year                                                   932,427,987 $                          6,000               931,853,110 $                     5,791
                                  Exercised and issued under stock option plan                                       657,908                               24                   508,108                           17
                                  Purchased and cancelled under normal course issuer bid                            (228,560)                             (10)                  (629,900)                     (22)
                                  Excess of redemption proceeds over stated capital per
                                    normal course issuer bid                                                                 —                              8                             —                       18
                                  Balance, end of period                                                       932,857,335 $                          6,022               931,731,318 $                     5,804

                                  During the three months ended March 31, 2024, 657,908 common shares were exercised under the Company's stock plan with a carrying value
                                  of $24, including $2 from contributed surplus transferred upon exercise (508,108 with a carrying value of $17, including $2 from contributed
                                  surplus transferred upon exercise for the three months ended March 31, 2023).
                                  On January 25, 2024, the Company announced the renewal of its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) commencing January 29, 2024 and
                                  terminating January 28, 2025 to purchase for cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common shares at market prices.
                                  During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled 228,560 common shares under the
                                  current NCIB at a cost of $10 (629,900 common shares at a cost of $22 for the three months ended March 31, 2023, under the previous NCIB).
                                  The Company’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the shares repurchased for cancellation. The excess paid over the
                                  average carrying value was $8 and was recognized as a reduction to accumulated surplus for the three months ended March 31, 2024 ($18 for




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  the three months ended March 31, 2023, under the previous NCIB).

                                  12. Earnings Per Common Share
                                  The following provides the reconciliation between basic and diluted earnings per common share:

                                                                                                                                                                             For the three months
                                                                                                                                                                                ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                           2024                      2023
                                  Earnings
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations before preferred share dividends                                                       $                  1,063 $                   646
                                  Preferred share dividends                                                                                                                              (32)                 (32)
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                        $                  1,031 $                   614
                                  Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                                                                                                      (115)                 (19)
                                  Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                                      44                       —
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                             $                      960 $                 595


                                  Number of common shares
                                  Average number of common shares outstanding                                                                                             932,726,691                932,015,857
                                  Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options                                                                                        2,995,594                  928,968
                                  Average number of common shares outstanding - diluted basis                                                                             935,722,285                932,944,825


                                  Basic earnings per common share                                                                                                $                      1.03 $               0.64


                                  Diluted earnings per common share                                                                                              $                      1.03 $               0.64


                                  Basic earnings per common share from continuing operations                                                                     $                      1.10 $               0.66


                                  Diluted earnings per common share from continuing operations                                                                   $                      1.10 $               0.66


                                  Dividends per common share                                                                                                     $                  0.555 $                 0.520




                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                57


                                       B  58                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



13. Capital Management

(a) Policies and Objectives
Managing capital is the continual process of establishing and maintaining the quantity and quality of capital appropriate for the Company and
ensuring capital is deployed in a manner consistent with the expectations of the Company’s stakeholders. For these purposes, the Board
considers the key stakeholders to be the Company’s shareholders, policyholders and holders of subordinated liabilities in addition to the
relevant regulators in the various jurisdictions where the Company and its subsidiaries operate.
The Company manages its capital on both a consolidated basis as well as at the individual operating subsidiary level. The primary objectives of
the Company’s capital management strategy are:
•       To maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum regulatory capital
        requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
•       To maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of the Company ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
•       To provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholders' value in the context of the Company’s operational risks and strategic
        plans.
The target level of capitalization for the Company and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the probability of falling
below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views expressed by various credit rating agencies
that provide financial strength and other ratings to the Company, and the desire to hold sufficient capital to be able to honour all policyholder
and other obligations of the Company with a high degree of confidence.
The Company has established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks. Management is responsible
for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital plan.
The capital planning process is the responsibility of the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. The capital plan is approved by the Company’s
Board of Directors on an annual basis. The Board of Directors reviews and approves all material capital transactions undertaken by




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
management.

(b) Regulatory Capital
In Canada, The Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life
insurance companies incorporated under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries.
The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital, defined
by OSFI, as the aggregate of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the sum of Available Capital, Surplus
Allowance and Eligible Deposits.
The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratio for Canada Life:

                                                                                                                                            March 31                December 31
                                                                                                                                               2024                      2023
    Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                                    $            18,849       $            18,285
    Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                                   5,174                    5,223
    Total Available Capital                                                                                                                        24,023                    23,508
    Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits                                                                                                          5,263                    5,406
    Total Capital Resources                                                                                                           $            29,286       $            28,914
    Required Capital                                                                                                                  $            22,729       $            22,525
                                                                          1
    Total LICAT Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)                                                                                                 129 %                      128 %

1
    Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)

Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of the Company are required to comply with local capital or solvency requirements in their
respective jurisdictions.




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       58


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  59
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  14. Income Taxes

                                  (a) Income Tax Expense
                                  Income tax recognized in Consolidated Statements of Earnings:

                                                                                                                                                                         For the three months
                                                                                                                                                                            ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                       2024                 2023
                                  Current income taxes                                                                                                      $                       197 $          174
                                  Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                             (28)           (144)
                                  Total income tax expense                                                                                                  $                       169 $           30

                                  (b) Effective Income Tax Rate
                                  The effective income tax rates are generally lower than the Company's statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits related to non-taxable
                                  investment income and lower income tax in certain foreign jurisdictions.
                                  The overall effective income tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2024 was 13.4% compared to 4.6% for the three months ended March
                                  31, 2023. The effective income tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2024 was higher than the effective income tax rate for the three
                                  months ended March 31, 2023 primarily due to jurisdictional mix of earnings, lower non-taxable investment income and changes in certain tax
                                  estimates.
                                  The effective income tax rate for the shareholder account for the three months ended March 31, 2024 was 15.1% compared to 6.5% for the three
                                  months ended March 31, 2023.
                                  In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development published the Pillar Two model rules outlining a structure
                                  for a new 15% global minimum tax regime. A number of countries where the Company operates, including Ireland, Germany, the United




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Kingdom and Barbados, currently have enacted or substantively enacted Pillar Two legislation, effective January 1, 2024. Pillar Two draft
                                  legislation in Canada has not been substantively enacted and therefore not reflected in the first quarter results. It is expected that if Canada
                                  substantively enacts its legislation, it will apply retroactively to January 1, 2024.
                                  The global minimum tax is complex in nature and will apply to Lifeco as part of a larger related group of companies. The Company currently
                                  expects the global minimum tax to apply to income in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man, jurisdictions where the statutory tax rate is below 15%.
                                  In the first quarter of 2024, the Company recognized a current tax expense of $4, primarily related to its operations in Ireland. Although
                                  Barbados has substantively enacted legislation imposing a domestic minimum top-up tax, the imposition of this tax for 2024 only, is contingent
                                  upon Canada enacting Pillar Two legislation; consequently, no Barbadian top-up tax was accrued in the first quarter of 2024.
                                  If Canada had substantively enacted legislation, the additional top-up tax recognized for the first quarter of 2024 would have been
                                  approximately $35.




                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       59


                                        B  60                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



15. Segmented Information

(a) Consolidated Net Earnings
    For the three months ended March 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                           Capital and
                                                                                                        United                                Risk          Lifeco
                                                                                     Canada             States              Europe          Solutions     Corporate          Total
    Segment revenue
      Insurance revenue 1                                                        $        2,406 $                 59 $           1,585 $         1,200 $            — $           5,250
      Net investment income 2                                                                875              1,018                345            100                2            2,340
      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                               (531)               (474)             (293)            (93)              6            (1,385)
                                                                                          2,750                  603             1,637           1,207               8            6,205
                               3
      Fee and other income                                                                   460              1,001                208               3              —             1,672
                                                                                          3,210               1,604              1,845           1,210               8            7,877
    Other insurance results
      Insurance service expenses                                                         (1,675)                  (49)           (1,361)          (982)             —             (4,067)
      Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                      (339)                  (8)              (31)            (8)             —               (386)
                                                                                         (2,014)                  (57)           (1,392)          (990)             —             (4,453)
Other investment results
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                (124)                  —                83             68               —                27
      Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                (15)                 —                (35)            (1)             —                (51)
      Changes in investment contract liabilities                                              (20)              (158)                 1              6              —               (171)




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                            (159)               (158)               49             73               —               (195)
    Net investment result - insurance contracts on account
      of segregated fund policyholders
      Net investment income (loss)                                                        1,872                    —               601              —               —             2,473
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                             (1,872)                   —              (601)             —               —             (2,473)
                                                                                               —                   —                 —              —               —                 —
    Other income and expenses
      Operating and administrative expenses                                                 (478)               (975)             (238)            (10)             (2)           (1,703)
      Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                           (28)                (56)              (15)            —               (1)             (100)
      Financing costs                                                                         (34)                (55)              (10)            (1)             —               (100)
      Restructuring and integration expenses                                                  (23)                (45)               —              —               —                (68)
    Earnings before income taxes                                                             474                 258               239            282                5            1,258
    Income taxes                                                                               90                 27                36             15                1              169
    Net earnings from continuing operations before non-
       controlling interests                                                                 384                 231               203            267                4            1,089
    Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                  26                  —                 —              —               —                26
    Net earnings from continuing operations before
      preferred share dividends                                                              358                 231               203            267                4            1,063
    Preferred share dividends                                                                  28                  —                  4             —               —                32
    Net earnings from continuing operations before
       capital allocation                                                                    330                 231               199            267                4            1,031
    Impact of capital allocation                                                               23                   2               (12)            (7)             (6)               —
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations                                           353                 233               187            260               (2)           1,031
    Net loss from discontinued operations                                                      —                (115)                —              —               —               (115)
    Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                          —                  44                 —              —               —                44
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                    $           353 $               162 $             187 $          260 $             (2) $           960

1
       Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
2
       Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
3
       Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        60


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                              B  61
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                      For the three months ended March 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                                                         Capital and
                                                                                                                                     United                                 Risk                 Lifeco
                                                                                                                Canada               States             Europe            Solutions             Corporate       Total
                                      Segment revenue
                                        Insurance revenue 1                                                 $         2,357 $                 61 $            1,472 $             1,147 $               — $        5,037
                                        Net investment income 2                                                          757                 996                 293                  52                    3      2,101
                                        Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                       1,551               1,375                  469                 183                (6)        3,572
                                                                                                                      4,665               2,432               2,234               1,382                 (3)      10,710
                                        Fee and other income 3                                                           325                 887                 186                    2               —          1,400
                                                                                                                      4,990               3,319               2,420               1,384                 (3)      12,110
                                      Other insurance results
                                        Insurance service expenses                                                   (1,682)                  (46)           (1,281)                (986)               —         (3,995)
                                        Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                (334)                   2                  (9)                 (1)              —           (342)
                                                                                                                     (2,016)                  (44)           (1,290)                (987)               —         (4,337)
                                  Other investment results
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                       (2,314)                (188)               (892)               (176)               —         (3,570)
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                          17                   (2)                73                    5               —               93
                                        Changes in investment contract liabilities                                        (34)           (1,825)                   (1)               (22)               —         (1,882)
                                                                                                                     (2,331)             (2,015)                (820)               (193)               —         (5,359)
                                      Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of
                                        segregated fund policyholders
                                        Net investment income (loss)                                                  1,272                    —                 449                   —                —          1,721




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                       (1,272)                   —                (449)                  —                —         (1,721)
                                                                                                                           —                   —                   —                   —                —                —
                                      Other income and expenses
                                        Operating and administrative expenses                                           (335)               (943)               (233)                (12)               (6)       (1,529)
                                        Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                     (25)                (48)               (16)                  (1)              —               (90)
                                        Financing costs                                                                   (34)                (65)               (14)                  (1)              (1)         (115)
                                        Restructuring and integration expenses                                             —                  (26)                 —                   —                —               (26)
                                      Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                249                 178                  47                 190               (10)             654
                                      Income taxes                                                                        33                  10                   (9)                 (1)              (3)             30
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before non-
                                       controlling interests                                                             216                 168                  56                 191                (7)             624
                                      Attributable to non-controlling interests                                           (22)                 —                   —                   —                —               (22)
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                        preferred share dividends                                                        238                 168                  56                 191                (7)             646
                                      Preferred share dividends                                                           28                   —                    4                  —                —               32
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                        capital allocation                                                               210                 168                  52                 191                (7)             614
                                      Impact of capital allocation                                                        23                    2                (12)                  (7)              (6)              —
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations                                     233                 170                  40                 184               (13)             614
                                      Net loss from discontinued operations                                                —                  (19)                 —                   —                —               (19)
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                             $            233 $               151 $                40 $               184 $             (13) $           595

                                  1
                                         Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  2
                                         Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  3
                                         Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements               61


                                           B  62                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



The Revenue by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                                 For the three months
                                                                                                                                                    ended March 31
                                                                                                                                               2024                    2023
Revenue
United States                                                                                                                           $               334 $                     394
United Kingdom                                                                                                                                          431                       491
Japan                                                                                                                                                      6                      158
Other                                                                                                                                                   439                       341
Total revenue                                                                                                                           $             1,210 $                    1,384

(b) Consolidated Total Assets and Liabilities
                                                                                                                         March 31, 2024
                                                                                                     United                                   Capital and Risk
                                                                           Canada                    States                    Europe            Solutions               Total
Assets
Invested assets                                                      $             90,479 $                 86,104 $               42,457 $              8,633 $            227,673
Insurance contract assets                                                              440                       303                    339                200                   1,282
Reinsurance contract held assets                                                    1,142                   12,437                  3,694                  134                  17,407
Goodwill and intangible assets                                                       6,554                    6,214                 3,039                      —                15,807
Other assets                                                                         5,259                  16,044                  3,877                      50               25,230
Investments on account of segregated fund
   policyholders                                                                 106,530                   192,616                150,177                      —            449,323




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Total                                                                $           210,404 $                 313,718 $              203,583 $              9,017 $            736,722


Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                       $             81,238 $                 18,271 $               40,304 $              5,205 $            145,018
Investment contract liabilities                                                      3,864                  82,702                      362                671                  87,599
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                  217                       154                    279                    29                 679
Other liabilities                                                                   8,173                   11,550                  3,396                  745                  23,864
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
   policyholders                                                                   34,142                   13,356                 14,970                      —                62,468
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
   policyholders                                                                   72,388                  179,260                135,207                      —            386,855
Total                                                                $           200,022 $                 305,293 $              194,518 $              6,650 $            706,483




                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       62


                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  63
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                                                       December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                      United                                       Capital and Risk
                                                                                                           Canada                     States                   Europe                 Solutions                          Total
                                      Assets
                                      Invested assets                                               $             89,382 $                  86,715 $                  41,981 $                     8,732 $                 226,810
                                      Insurance contract assets                                                        400                       291                       331                          171                      1,193
                                      Reinsurance contract held assets                                              1,243                   12,243                      3,713                           133                  17,332
                                      Assets held for sale                                                               —                    4,467                           —                          —                       4,467
                                      Goodwill and intangible assets                                                6,545                     6,151                     3,037                            —                   15,733
                                      Other assets                                                                  4,964                   16,192                      3,531                            52                  24,739
                                      Investments on account of segregated fund
                                         policyholders                                                           101,250                   179,770                  141,936                              —                 422,956
                                      Total                                                         $            203,784 $                 305,829 $                194,529 $                      9,088 $                 713,230


                                      Liabilities
                                      Insurance contract liabilities                                $             81,455 $                  18,079 $                  39,390 $                     5,464 $                 144,388
                                      Investment contract liabilities                                               3,931                   83,966                         341                          681                  88,919
                                      Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                            208                       163                       250                           27                       648
                                      Liabilities held for sale                                                          —                    2,407                           —                          —                       2,407
                                      Other liabilities                                                             7,153                   12,804                      3,408                           696                  24,061
                                      Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
                                         policyholders                                                            32,997                    12,892                    14,413                             —                   60,302
                                      Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
                                         policyholders                                                            68,253                   166,878                  127,523                              —                 362,654




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Total                                                         $            193,997 $                 297,189 $                185,325 $                      6,868 $                 683,379

                                  The Assets by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                                                                  March 31                     December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                     2024                            2023
                                      Assets
                                      United States                                                                                                                       $                   4,480 $                            4,334
                                      United Kingdom                                                                                                                                          1,325                              1,350
                                      Japan                                                                                                                                                   2,951                              3,047
                                      Other                                                                                                                                                       261                             357
                                      Total assets                                                                                                                        $                   9,017 $                            9,088

                                  (c)         CSM
                                                                                                                                   For the three months ended March 31, 2024
                                                                                                    Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                                                   Capital
                                                                                                                  United                          and Risk                         Segregated
                                                                                                 Canada           States           Europe         Solutions          Total           Funds                    Par          Total 1
                                      CSM, beginning of year                                    $     1,159 $             24 $         3,255 $          1,745 $        6,183 $               3,298 $ 3,154 $ 12,635
                                         CSM recognized for services provided                            (34)             (1)             (67)              (38)         (140)                (102)             (37)              (279)
                                         Contracts initially recognized in the year                        12             —              107                  8           127                     44                24            195
                                         Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                          21             (1)             (31)                1            (10)                   168           266               424
                                         Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
                                           contracts                                                        8             —                18                10             36                     (4)              —              32
                                         Effect of movement in exchange rates                              —               1               25                10             36                     —                4              40
                                      CSM, end of period                                        $     1,166 $             23 $         3,307 $          1,736 $        6,232 $               3,404 $ 3,411 $ 13,047

                                  1
                                        The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                      63


                                              B  64                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2023
                                                                         Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                    Capital
                                                                                   United                          and Risk                     Segregated
                                                                    Canada         States            Europe        Solutions         Total        Funds             Par         Total 1
    CSM, beginning of year                                        $    1,264 $             41 $          2,771 $         1,796 $      5,872 $           3,557 $ 3,694 $ 13,123
      CSM recognized for services provided                               (143)              (4)            (234)           (154)       (535)              (430)       (157)         (1,122)
      Contracts initially recognized in the year                            41             —               284                  49      374               181          111            666
      Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                             (40)           (12)             325                  —       273                (37)       (490)           (254)
      Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
        contracts                                                           37             —                 49                 37      123                 16            —           139
      Effect of movement in exchange rates                                  —               (1)              60                 17       76                 11            (4)          83
    CSM, end of year                                              $    1,159 $             24 $          3,255 $         1,745 $      6,183 $           3,298 $ 3,154 $ 12,635

1
     The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         64


                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                 B  65
Page intentionally left blank.




     B  66                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
                               IGM Financial Inc.
                                                   PART C




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE C 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAG E C 61




Please note that the bottom of each page in Part C contains two different
page numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “C” refers to the number of
such page in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to
the number of such page in the original document issued by IGM Financial Inc.



The attached documents concerning IGM Financial Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s proﬁle on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are
forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the
current expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking
statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding
the subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at
and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about
the subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for
other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and




                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-
looking statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied
in making the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for
updating the content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached
documents, including the section entitled Forward-Looking Statements. The
reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions carefully and
not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   C  1
                              Management’s
                              Discussion and Analysis
                              The Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the results of operations and financial
                              condition of IGM Financial Inc. (IGM Financial or the Company) as at and for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and should
                              be read in conjunction with the unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Interim Financial Statements),
                              as well as the 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Commentary in the MD&A as at and for the three
                              months ended March 31, 2024 is as of May 2, 2024.



                              Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies
                              The Interim Financial Statements of IGM Financial, which are the basis of the information presented in the Company’s MD&A, have
                              been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting (IFRS) and are presented in
                              Canadian dollars (Note 2 of the Interim Financial Statements).


                              Forward-looking Statements
                              Certain statements in this report, other than statements of historical                       A variety of material factors, many of which are beyond the Company’s
                              fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and                        and its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’ control, affect the
                              reflect IGM Financial Inc.’s (IGM Financial, IGM or the Company) and,                        operations, performance and results of the Company and its subsidiaries
                              where applicable, its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’, current                      and strategic investments, and their businesses, and could cause actual
                              expectations. Forward-looking statements are provided to assist the                          results to differ materially from current expectations of estimated or
                              reader in understanding the Company’s, and its subsidiaries and strategic                    anticipated events or results. These factors include, but are not limited
                              investments, financial position and results of operations as at and for                      to: the impact or unanticipated impact of general economic, political and
                              the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about                          market factors in North America and internationally, interest and foreign
                              management’s current expectations and plans relating to the future.                          exchange rates, global equity and capital markets, management of market
                              Readers are cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate                            liquidity and funding risks, changes in accounting policies and methods
                              for other purposes. These statements may include, without limitation,                        used to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with
                              statements regarding the operations, business, financial condition, expected                 critical accounting assumptions and estimates), the effect of applying
                              financial results, performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets,               future accounting changes, operational and reputational risks, business
                              goals, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the Company, and its                    competition, technological change, changes in government regulations
                              subsidiaries and strategic investments as well as the outlook for North                      and legislation, changes in tax laws, unexpected judicial or regulatory
                              American and international economies, for the current fiscal year and                        proceedings, catastrophic events, outbreaks of disease or pandemics
                              subsequent periods. Forward-looking statements include statements                            (such as COVID-19), the Company’s ability to complete strategic transactions,
                              that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or                      integrate acquisitions and implement other growth strategies, and the
                              conditions, or include words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans”,                      Company’s and its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’ success in
                              “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”, “forecasts”              anticipating and managing the foregoing factors.
                              or negative versions thereof and other similar expressions, or future or
                                                                                                                           The reader is cautioned that the foregoing list is not exhaustive of the
                              conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could”.
                                                                                                                           factors that may affect any of the Company’s forward-looking statements.
                              This information is based upon certain material factors or assumptions that                  The reader is also cautioned to consider these and other factors,
                              were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or projection as                   uncertainties and potential events carefully and not place undue reliance
                              reflected in the forward-looking statements, including the perception of                     on forward-looking statements.
                              historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments,
                                                                                                                           Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the Company
                              as well as other factors that are believed to be appropriate in the
                                                                                                                           undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to
                              circumstances. While the Company considers these assumptions to be
                                                                                                                           reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statements
                              reasonable based on information currently available to management, they
                                                                                                                           are made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as
                              may prove to be incorrect.
                                                                                                                           a result of new information, future events or results, or otherwise.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties
                                                                                                                           Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the Company’s
                              that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that
                                                                                                                           business and material factors or assumptions on which information
                              expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
                                                                                                                           contained in forward-looking statements is based is provided in its
                              prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that
                                                                                                                           disclosure materials, including this Management’s Discussion and Analysis
                              objectives, strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.
                                                                                                                           and its most recent Annual Information Form, filed with the securities
                                                                                                                           regulatory authorities in Canada, available at www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                                          Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                              5
                              C  2                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
    Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures
    This report contains Non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios that                      Refer to the appropriate reconciliations of non-IFRS financial measures,
    do not have standard meanings prescribed by IFRS and may not be directly                       including as components of non-IFRS ratios, to reported results in
    comparable to similar measures used by other companies. These measures                         accordance with IFRS in Tables 1, 2 and 3.
    and ratios are used to provide management, investors and investment
                                                                                                   This report also contains other financial measures which include:
    analysts with additional measures to assess earnings performance.
                                                                                                   • Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A) represents the
    Non-IFRS financial measures include, but are not limited to, “adjusted
                                                                                                     consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM Financial’s core businesses IG Wealth
    net earnings available to common shareholders”, “adjusted net earnings”,
                                                                                                     Management and Mackenzie Investments. In the Wealth Management
    “adjusted earnings before income taxes”, “adjusted earnings before interest
                                                                                                     segment, AUM is a component part of AUA. All instances where the
    and taxes” (Adjusted EBIT), “earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
                                                                                                     asset management segment is providing investment management
    amortization before sales commissions” (EBITDA before sales commissions),
                                                                                                     services or distributing its products through the Wealth Management
    and “earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization after
                                                                                                     segment are eliminated in our reporting such that there is no double-
    sales commissions” (EBITDA after sales commissions). These measures
                                                                                                     counting of the same client savings held at IGM Financial’s core
    exclude other items which are items of a non-recurring nature, or that
                                                                                                     businesses. AUM&A excludes Investment Planning Counsel’s (IPC’s) AUM,
    could make the period-over-period comparison of results from operations
                                                                                                     AUA, sales, redemptions and net flows which have been disclosed as
    less meaningful. Effective in the first quarter of 2024, these measures also
                                                                                                     Discontinued operations.
    exclude the Company’s proportionate share of items that Great-West Lifeco
    Inc. (Lifeco) excludes from its IFRS reported net earnings, in arriving at                     • Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of the Wealth
    Lifeco’s base earnings. Base earnings is an alternate measure Lifeco uses                        Management segment. AUA are savings and investment products held
    to understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net                           within client accounts of our Wealth Management segment core business.
    earnings. Lifeco’s financial information can be obtained in its disclosure
                                                                                                   • Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of the Asset
    materials filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Comparative periods have been
                                                                                                     Management segment. AUM are an additional driver of revenues and
    restated to reflect this change. EBITDA before sales commissions excludes
                                                                                                     expenses within the Wealth Management segment in relation to its
    all sales commissions. EBITDA after sales commissions includes all sales
                                                                                                     investment management activities. AUM are client assets where we
    commissions and highlights aggregate cash flows.
                                                                                                     provide investment management services, and include investment
    Non-IFRS ratios include the following:                                                           funds where we are the fund manager, investment advisory mandates
                                                                                                     to institutions, and other client accounts where we have discretionary
     Ratio                   Numerator                   Denominator                                 portfolio management responsibilities.
     Adjusted earnings per Adjusted net earnings         Average number of                         • Assets Under Management and Advisement Including Strategic
     share (Adjusted EPS) available to common            outstanding common                          Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents AUM&A including the
                           shareholders                  shares on a diluted basis                   Company’s proportionate share of the AUM&A of strategic investments
                                                                                                     based on the Company’s direct and indirect ownership of the strategic
     Return (Adjusted        Net earnings            Average shareholders’
                                                                                                     investments. The strategic investments included are those whose activities
     return) on equity       (Adjusted net earnings) equity excluding
                                                                                                     are primarily in asset and wealth management, and include ChinaAMC,
     (ROE, Adjusted ROE)     available to common     non-controlling interest
                                                                                                     Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller client assets include
                             shareholders
                                                                                                     assets under management and advisement as well as assets held for
     ROE (Adjusted ROE)      Net earnings                Average shareholders’                       investment purposes and only receiving administrative services.
     excluding the impact    (Adjusted net earnings)     equity excluding
                                                                                                   • Working Capital which consists of current assets less current liabilities
     of fair value through   available to common         non-controlling interest
                                                                                                     excluding assets and liabilities not reflective of ongoing operations.
     other comprehensive     shareholders                and the impact of fair
     income investments                                  value through other
                                                         comprehensive income
                                                         investments net of tax




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




6   IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               C  3
                              IGM Financial Inc.
                              Summary of Consolidated Operating Results
                              IGM Financial Inc. (TSX:IGM) is a leading wealth and asset                         $204.9 million or $0.86 per share for the three months ended
                              management company supporting advisors and the clients                             December 31, 2023.
                              they serve in Canada, and institutional investors throughout
                                                                                                                 Other items for the three months ended March 31, 2024
                              North America, Europe and Asia. The Company operates
                                                                                                                 consisted of ($1.1) million reflecting the Company’s
                              through a number of operating subsidiaries and also holds a
                                                                                                                 proportionate share of items Lifeco excludes from its base
                              number of strategic investments that provide benefits to these
                                                                                                                 earnings (Lifeco other items). Effective in the first quarter of
                              subsidiaries while furthering the Company’s growth prospects.
                                                                                                                 2024, IGM has begun to exclude the Company’s proportionate
                              The Company’s wealth management segment consists of
                                                                                                                 share of items that Lifeco excludes from its IFRS reported net
                              IG Wealth Management (IG), and strategic investments in
                                                                                                                 earnings in arriving at Lifeco’s base earnings. Base earnings is
                              Rockefeller Capital Management (Rockefeller) and Wealthsimple
                                                                                                                 an alternate measure Lifeco uses to understand the underlying
                              Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple). The asset management segment
                                                                                                                 business performance compared to IFRS net earnings. Lifeco’s
                              consists of Mackenzie Investments (Mackenzie) and strategic
                                                                                                                 financial information can be obtained in its disclosure materials
                              investments in China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC)
                                                                                                                 filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Comparative periods have been
                              and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf). The Company also
                                                                                                                 restated to reflect this change.
                              holds an investment in Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco).
                                                                                                                 Lifeco other items may include market related impacts;
                              IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and Advisement
                                                                                                                 assumption changes and management actions; business
                              Including Strategic Investments (AUM&A Including SI)
                                                                                                                 transformation impacts; realized gains and losses on assets
                              were $422.3 billion as at March 31, 2024, compared with
                                                                                                                 measured at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income;
                              $349.7 billion at March 31, 2023 and $390.2 billion at
                                                                                                                 equity and interest impacts on the measurement of surplus
                              December 31, 2023, as detailed in Table 5.
                                                                                                                 assets and liabilities; amortization of acquisition related finite
                              IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and Advisement                             life intangible assets; material legal, impairment, and tax
                              (AUM&A) were $252.2 billion as at March 31, 2024, compared                         related charges, impacts of disposals and acquisitions; and
                              with $234.1 billion at March 31, 2023 and $240.2 billion at                        other items that, when removed, assist in explaining Lifeco’s
                              December 31, 2023, as detailed in Table 5. Average total                           underlying business.
                              AUM&A for the first quarter of 2024 were $245.0 billion
                                                                                                                 Other items for the three months ended March 31, 2023
                              compared to $231.6 billion in the first quarter of 2023.
                                                                                                                 consisted of:
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders for the three                        • A gain on the sale of a portion of the Company’s investment
                              months ended March 31, 2024 were $223.4 million or $0.94                             in Lifeco of $174.8 million after-tax ($179.1 million pre-tax).
                              per share compared with net earnings available to common                           • Lifeco other items of $0.2 million.
                              shareholders of $381.3 million or $1.60 per share for the
                              comparative period in 2023. Net earnings available to common                       Other items for the three months ended December 31, 2023
                              shareholders for the three months ended December 31, 2023                          consisted of:
                              were $419.6 million or $1.76 per share.                                            • A gain on the sale of IPC of $220.7 million recorded in the
                                                                                                                   fourth quarter.
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders (a
                                                                                                                 • Lifeco other items of ($6.0) million.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              non-IFRS measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and
                              Other Financial Measures and Table 1), excluding other items                       Shareholders’ equity was $6.9 billion as at March 31, 2024,
                              outlined below, for the three months ended March 31, 2024                          compared to $6.7 billion at December 31, 2023. Adjusted ROE
                              were at a first quarter record high of $224.5 million or $0.94                     (a non-IFRS ratio – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other
                              per share compared with adjusted net earnings available to                         Financial Measures) for the three months ended March 31, 2024
                              common shareholders of $206.3 million or $0.87 per share for                       was 13.3% consistent with the comparative period in 2023.
                              the comparative period in 2023, representing an increase of                        Adjusted ROE excluding the impact of fair value through other
                              8.0%. Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders                       comprehensive income investments (a non-IFRS ratio – see
                              in the current quarter represented an increase of 9.3% from                        Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures) for




                                                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                 7
                              C  4                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
    Table 1: Reconciliation of Non-IFRS Financial Measures

                                                                                                                                                               Three months ended
                                                                                                                                              2024            2023           2023
    ($ millions except EPS)                                                                                                                 Mar. 31         Dec. 31         Mar. 31

    Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                           $     224.5    $     204.9     $     206.3
     Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax                                                                                                           –               –          174.8
     Gain on sale of IPC                                                                                                                          –          220.7               –
     Lifeco other items                                                                                                                        (1.1)           (6.0)           0.2
    Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                       $     223.4    $     419.6     $     381.3
    Adjusted earnings per share(1)                                                                                                      $      0.94    $      0.86     $      0.87
     Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax                                                                                                           –               –           0.73
     Gain on sale of IPC                                                                                                                          –           0.92               –
     Lifeco other items                                                                                                                           –          (0.02)              –
    Earnings per share(2)                                                                                                               $      0.94    $      1.76     $      1.60
    Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                                                                        238,112        238,156         238,424

    EBITDA before sales commissions(1)                                                                                                  $     374.5    $     351.8     $     344.1
     Sales–based commissions paid                                                                                                             (33.2)         (26.7)          (33.3)
    EBITDA after sales commissions(1)                                                                                                         341.3          325.1           310.8
     Sales–based commissions paid subject to amortization                                                                                      33.2           26.7            33.3
     Amortization of capitalized sales commissions                                                                                            (25.4)         (25.2)          (21.9)
     Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                                                     (23.6)         (26.5)          (26.2)
    Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                            325.5          300.1           296.0
     Interest expense(3)                                                                                                                       32.3           38.6            28.2
    Adjusted earnings before income taxes – continuing and discontinued operations(1)                                                         293.2          261.5           267.8
     Income taxes                                                                                                                              67.3           54.9            60.3
    Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                                  225.9          206.6           207.5
     Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax                                                                                                           –               –          174.8
     Gain on sale of IPC                                                                                                                          –          220.7               –
     Lifeco other items                                                                                                                        (1.1)           (6.0)           0.2
    Net earnings                                                                                                                              224.8          421.3           382.5
       Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                 1.4            1.7             1.2
    Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                       $     223.4    $     419.6     $     381.3
    (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
    (2) Diluted earnings per share.
    (3) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




    the three months ended March 31, 2024 was 14.2% compared                                          • European equity markets, as measured by the MSCI Europe
    with 14.0% for the comparative period in 2023. The quarterly                                        net total return index, increased by 7.6% in the first quarter
    dividend per common share declared in the first quarter of 2024                                     of 2024. In 2023, there was an increase of 8.6% in the first
    was 56.25 cents, unchanged from the fourth quarter of 2023.                                         quarter and 15.8% for the year.
                                                                                                      • Asian equity markets, as measured by the MSCI AC Asia
    Market Overview                                                                                     Pacific net total return index, increased by 5.0% in the first




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                        quarter of 2024. In 2023, there was an increase of 4.8% in
    Financial market returns were generally positive for the first
                                                                                                        the first quarter and 11.4% for the year.
    quarter of 2024:
                                                                                                      • The FTSE TMX Canada Universe Bond total return index
    • The S&P TSX Composite total return index increased by 6.6%
                                                                                                        decreased by 1.2% in the first quarter of 2024. In 2023, there
      in the first quarter of 2024. In 2023, there was an increase of
                                                                                                        was an increase of 3.2% in the first quarter and 6.7% for
      4.6% in the first quarter and 11.8% for the year.
                                                                                                        the year.
    • U.S. equity markets, as measured by the S&P 500 total return
                                                                                                      • Our clients experienced average investment returns of
      index, increased by 10.6% in the first quarter of 2024. In
                                                                                                        5.7% in the first quarter of 2024. In 2023, client investment
      2023, there was an increase of 7.5% in the first quarter and
                                                                                                        returns were 4.5% in the first quarter and 9.9% for the year
      26.3% for the year.
                                                                                                        (excluding IPC).




8   IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis

                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         C  5
                              Table 2: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q1 2024 vs. Q1 2023

                                                                                               Wealth Management                 Asset Management                 Corporate & Other                               Total
                              Three months ended                                                 2024           2023              2024           2023             2024             2023            2024          2023
                              ($ millions)                                                     Mar. 31         Mar. 31          Mar. 31         Mar. 31         Mar. 31           Mar. 31        Mar. 31        Mar. 31

                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                           $    584.5      $    535.7       $         –     $         –     $      (1.9)    $        (1.6)   $    582.6     $    534.1

                               Asset management                                                      –                –          267.9           261.8           (26.0)            (25.7)         241.9          236.1
                               Dealer compensation expense                                            –               –          (79.3)          (78.7)            (0.8)             (0.6)        (80.1)         (79.3)
                               Net asset management                                                  –                –          188.6           183.1           (26.8)            (26.3)         161.8          156.8

                               Net investment income and other                                     5.3             3.4             6.5              4.5             3.8              3.1           15.6           11.0
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                        (5.1)           (0.8)           34.0            33.2            23.9              20.4           52.8           52.8
                                                                                                584.7           538.3            229.1          220.8              (1.0)             (4.4)        812.8         754.7
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                244.2           223.0             21.4            22.7                –                 –         265.6          245.7
                               Operations and support                                           115.0           108.3             88.5            93.1              0.4              0.4          203.9          201.8
                               Sub-advisory                                                      45.3             42.6             1.3              1.1          (28.8)            (27.9)          17.8           15.8
                                                                                                404.5           373.9            111.2           116.9           (28.4)            (27.5)         487.3         463.3
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                    180.2           164.4            117.9           103.9            27.4              23.1          325.5          291.4
                              Interest expense(2)                                                25.8             22.3             6.5              5.8               –                 –          32.3           28.1
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                          154.4           142.1            111.4            98.1            27.4              23.1          293.2         263.3
                              Income taxes                                                       43.2             38.4            23.2            19.7              0.9              0.9           67.3           59.0
                              Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                  111.2           103.7             88.2            78.4            26.5              22.2          225.9         204.3
                              Net earnings – discontinued operations                                 –             3.0                –               –               –              0.2               –           3.2
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                          111.2           106.7             88.2            78.4            26.5              22.4          225.9          207.5
                              Non-controlling interest                                               –             0.2             1.4              1.0               –                 –           1.4            1.2
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common
                              shareholders(1)                                              $    111.2      $    106.5       $     86.8      $     77.4      $     26.5      $       22.4          224.5         206.3
                              Other items , net of tax
                                           (1)


                               Gain on sale of Lifeco                                                                                                                                                  –         174.8
                               Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                                   (1.1)          0.2
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                                  $    223.4     $    381.3
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




                              IGM Financial’s AUM&A increased by 5.0% from $240.2 billion                                  The Company’s reportable segments are Wealth Management,
                              at December 31, 2023 to $252.2 billion at March 31, 2024. See                                Asset Management and Corporate & Other and reflect the
                              Table 28 for the composition of IGM Financial’s AUM&A.                                       Company’s internal financial reporting and performance
                                                                                                                           measurement (Tables 2 and 3):

                              Reportable Segments                                                                          • Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core
                                                                                                                             business and strategic investments that are principally
                              In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company realigned its
                                                                                                                             focused on providing financial planning and related




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              reportable segments to better characterize and simplify the
                                                                                                                             services to retail client households. This segment includes
                              Company’s business lines into wealth management and asset
                                                                                                                                the activities of IG Wealth Management which is a retail
                              management segments.
                                                                                                                                distribution organization that serves Canadian households
                              The revised segments reflect a realignment of Rockefeller                                         through its securities dealer, mutual fund dealer and other
                              and Wealthsimple to the wealth management segment and                                             subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and
                              ChinaAMC and Northleaf to the asset management segment.                                           services. A majority of the revenues of this segment are
                              These changes have no impact on the reported earnings of                                          derived from providing financial advice and distributing
                              the Company. Prior period comparative information has been                                        financial products and services to Canadian households.
                              restated to reflect the realigned segments.                                                       This segment also includes the investment management




                                                                           Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                                            9
                              C  6                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 3: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q1 2024 vs. Q4 2023

                                                                          Wealth Management                Asset Management                  Corporate & Other                            Total
     Three months ended                                                     2024            2023            2024            2023             2024           2023           2024           2023
     ($ millions)                                                         Mar. 31         Dec. 31         Mar. 31         Dec. 31          Mar. 31        Dec. 31        Mar. 31        Dec. 31

     Revenues
      Wealth management                                               $    584.5      $    551.7      $         –     $         –      $      (1.9)   $      (1.7)   $    582.6     $    550.0

      Asset management                                                          –               –          267.9           259.5            (26.0)         (25.2)         241.9         234.3
      Dealer compensation expense                                               –               –          (79.3)          (76.0)             (0.8)          (0.7)        (80.1)         (76.7)
      Net asset management                                                      –               –          188.6           183.5            (26.8)         (25.9)         161.8          157.6

      Net investment income and other                                         5.3             3.7             6.5             4.0             3.8            2.9           15.6           10.6
      Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                            (5.1)           (0.8)          34.0            32.3             23.9           25.1           52.8           56.6
                                                                           584.7          554.6            229.1           219.8              (1.0)          0.4          812.8          774.8
     Expenses
      Advisory and business development                                    244.2           232.4            21.4            20.8                 –              –         265.6          253.2
      Operations and support                                               115.0           115.9            88.5            92.7              0.4            0.2          203.9         208.8
      Sub-advisory                                                          45.3            43.0              1.3             1.2           (28.8)         (27.5)          17.8           16.7
                                                                           404.5           391.3           111.2           114.7            (28.4)         (27.3)         487.3          478.7
     Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                        180.2           163.3           117.9           105.1             27.4           27.7          325.5          296.1
     Interest expense(2)                                                    25.8            26.0              6.5             6.5                –              –          32.3           32.5
     Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                              154.4           137.3           111.4            98.6             27.4           27.7          293.2          263.6
     Income taxes                                                           43.2            36.6            23.2            20.1              0.9            (0.7)         67.3           56.0
     Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                      111.2           100.7            88.2            78.5             26.5           28.4          225.9          207.6
     Net earnings – discontinued operations                                     –             3.5               –               –                –           (4.5)             –           (1.0)
     Adjusted net earnings(1)                                              111.2           104.2            88.2            78.5             26.5           23.9          225.9          206.6
     Non-controlling interest                                                   –               –             1.4             1.7                –              –           1.4            1.7
     Adjusted net earnings available to common
     shareholders(1)                                                  $    111.2      $    104.2      $     86.8      $     76.8       $     26.5     $     23.9          224.5          204.9
     Other items , net of tax
                  (1)


      Gain on sale of IPC                                                                                                                                                      –         220.7
      Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                                    (1.1)          (6.0)
     Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                                   $    223.4     $    419.6
     (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
     (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.


        activities of these organizations, including mutual fund                                          dealers and financial advisors, and through institutional
        management and discretionary portfolio management                                                 advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and
        services. This segment also includes the Company’s strategic                                      other institutional investors. This segment also includes the
        investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller is                                       Company’s strategic investment in ChinaAMC and Northleaf
        classified as an investment in associate and accounted for                                        which are classified as investments in associates and
        using the equity method, with the proportionate share of                                          accounted for using the equity method. The proportionate
        earnings included in revenue. Wealthsimple is classified as an                                    share of earnings on these investments are included in the
        investment which is accounted for as fair value through other                                     segment’s revenue.




                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
        comprehensive income and therefore has no impact on the                                      • Corporate and Other – primarily represents the investments in
        segment earnings. This segment also included IPC, which was                                       Lifeco and Portage Ventures LPs, the Company’s unallocated
        sold on November 30, 2023. In comparative periods, IPC’s                                          capital, as well as consolidation elimination entries.
        results were classified as discontinued operations.
                                                                                                     Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A)
     • Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core
                                                                                                     represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM Financial’s
       business and strategic investments primarily focused on
                                                                                                     core businesses IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie
       providing investment management services. This segment
                                                                                                     Investments. In the Wealth Management segment, AUM is
       includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which
                                                                                                     a component part of AUA. All instances where the Asset
       provides investment management services to a suite of
                                                                                                     Management segment is providing investment management
       investment funds that are distributed through third party




10 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                      C  7
                              services or distributing its products through the Wealth                            • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings – the Company’s
                              Management segment are eliminated in our reporting such                               proportionate share of earnings from equity investments
                              that there is no double-counting of the same client savings                           including Lifeco, ChinaAMC, Northleaf and Rockefeller.
                              held at IGM Financial’s core businesses. AUM&A excludes IPC’s                       • Advisory and business development expenses – expenses
                              AUM, AUA, sales, redemptions and net flows which have been                            incurred on activities directly associated with providing
                              disclosed as discontinued operations.                                                 financial planning services to clients of the Wealth
                                                                                                                    Management segment and wholesale distribution activities
                              Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of
                                                                                                                    performed by the Asset Management segment. Expenses
                              the Wealth Management segment. AUA are savings and
                                                                                                                    include compensation, recognition and other support
                              investment products held within client accounts of our Wealth
                                                                                                                    provided to our advisors, field management, product &
                              Management segment operating companies.
                                                                                                                    planning specialists; expenses associated with facilities,
                              Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of the                               technology and training relating to our advisors and
                              Asset Management segment. AUM are an additional driver                                specialists; other business development activities including
                              of revenues and expenses within the Wealth Management                                 direct marketing and advertising. A significant component
                              segment in relation to its investment management activities.                          of these expenses varies directly with levels of assets
                              AUM are client assets where we provide investment                                     under management or advisement, business development
                              management services, and include investment funds where                               measures including sales and client acquisition, and the
                              we are the fund manager, investment advisory mandates                                  number of advisor and client relationships.
                              to institutions, and other client accounts where we have                            • Operations and support expenses – expenses associated
                              discretionary portfolio management responsibilities.                                  with business operations, including technology and business
                              Assets Under Management and Advisement Including                                      processes; in-house investment management and product
                              Strategic Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents                                  shelf management; corporate management and support
                              AUM&A including the Company’s proportionate share of the                               functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,
                              AUM&A of strategic investments based on the Company’s                                  technology and other service provider expenses.
                              direct and indirect ownership of the strategic investments.                         • Sub-advisory expenses – reflects fees relating to investment
                              The strategic investments included are those whose activities                         management services provided by third party or related
                              are primarily in asset and wealth management, and include                             party investment management organizations. These
                              ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller                        fees typically are variable with the level of assets under
                              client assets include AUM&A as well as assets held for                                management. These fees include investment advisory
                              investment purposes and only receiving administrative services.                        services performed for the Wealth Management segment
                                                                                                                     by the Asset Management segment.
                              Financial Presentation                                                              Interest expense represents interest expense on long-term
                              The financial presentation includes revenues and expenses to                        debt and leases. The change in interest expense for the three
                              align with the key drivers of business activity and to reflect our                  months ended March 31, 2024 compared to 2023 resulted from
                              emphasis on business growth and operational efficiency. The                         the impact of the issuance of $300 million 5.426% debentures
                              categories are as follows:                                                          on May 26, 2023. Interest expense is allocated to each segment
                              • Wealth management revenue – revenues earned by the                                based on management’s assessment of: i) capacity to service
                                Wealth Management segment for providing financial planning,                       the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced. Interest
                                investment advisory and related financial services. Revenues                      expense related to the credit facility, which was temporary
                                include financial advisory fees, investment management and                        financing put in place in the second quarter of 2023 and was
                                related administration fees, distribution revenue associated                      repaid in the fourth quarter prior to the close of the IPC sale,




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                with insurance and banking products and services, and                             is included in discontinued operations and totalled $6.0 million
                                revenue relating to mortgage lending activities.                                  for the three months ended December 31, 2023.

                              • Asset management revenue – revenues earned by the Asset                           Income taxes are reported in each segment. IGM Financial
                                Management segment related to investment management                               consolidated changes in the effective tax rates are detailed in
                                advisory and administrative services.                                             Table 4.
                              • Dealer compensation – asset-based and sales-based
                                                                                                                  Tax planning may result in the Company recording lower
                                compensation paid to dealers by the Asset Management
                                                                                                                  levels of income taxes. Management monitors the status of its
                                segment.
                                                                                                                  income tax filings and regularly assesses the overall adequacy
                                                                                                                  of its provision for income taxes and, as a result, income




                                                                   Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                               11
                              C  8                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 4: Effective Income Tax Rate

                                                                                                                                          2024       2023        2023
     Three months ended                                                                                                                 Mar. 31    Dec. 31      Mar. 31

     Income taxes at Canadian federal and provincial statutory rates                                                                     26.59 %    26.65 %      26.73 %
      Effect of:
        Proportionate share of associates’ earnings(1)                                                                                   (3.87)     (4.99)       (2.54)
        Other items                                                                                                                       0.22      (0.58)        0.03
     Effective income tax rate – before other items                                                                                      22.94      21.08        24.22
      Gain on sale of Lifeco                                                                                                                 –          –        (9.90)
      Lifeco other items(2)                                                                                                               0.10       0.62        (0.01)
     Effective income tax rate – net earnings available to common shareholders                                                           23.04 %    21.70 %      14.31 %
     (1) Includes proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings.
     (2) Comparative figures have been restated to include Lifeco other items.




     taxes recorded in prior years may be adjusted in the current                                     Other items for the three months ended December 31, 2023
     year. The effect of changes in management’s best estimates                                       consisted of:
     reported in adjusted net earnings is reflected in Other, which                                   • A gain on the sale of IPC of $220.7 million.
     also includes, but is not limited to, the effect of lower effective
                                                                                                      • Lifeco other items of ($6.0) million.
     income tax rates on foreign operations.

     In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation
                                                                                                      Total AUM&A
     and Development (OECD) published the Pillar Two model
     rules outlining a structure for a new 15% global minimum tax                                     IGM Financial’s AUM&A Including SI were $422.3 billion as at
     regime. The Company operates in Ireland and the UK, who have                                     March 31, 2024 compared to $349.7 billion at March 31, 2023,
     enacted legislation effective January 1, 2024. Pillar Two draft                                  as detailed in Table 5.
     legislation in Canada has not been substantively enacted, but                                    AUM&A were $252.2 billion at March 31, 2024 compared to
     when enacted, is expected to be effective for the Company as                                     $234.1 billion at March 31, 2023, an increase of 7.7%, as detailed
     of January 1, 2024.                                                                              in Table 5. AUM were $237.7 billion at March 31, 2024 compared
     The global minimum tax is very complex in nature and will apply                                  to $222.3 billion at March 31, 2023, an increase of 7.0%.
     to the Company as part of a larger related group of companies.                                   AUM&A net outflows in the first quarter of 2024 were
     The Company currently expects the global minimum tax to                                          $128 million compared to net inflows of $674 million in the first
     apply to income in Ireland where the statutory tax rate is                                       quarter of 2023, as detailed in Table 5. First quarter investment
     below 15%. The amount of tax is not expected to be material                                      fund net redemptions were $509 million compared to net
     to the Company.                                                                                  redemptions of $201 million in 2023. Net flows and net sales
     Other items, as reflected in Tables 2 and 3, include the after-tax                               are based on AUM&A excluding sub-advisory assets to Canada
     impact of any item that management considers to be of a non-                                     Life and to the Wealth Management segment.
     recurring nature or that could make the period-over-period                                       In January 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan
     comparison of results from operations less meaningful and are                                    executed a redemption of $177 million from IG Wealth
     not allocated to segments.                                                                       Management mutual funds. These funds were subsequently
     Other items for the three months ended March 31, 2024                                            reallocated into a separately managed account, managed




                                                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     consisted of Lifeco other items of ($1.1) million.                                               by Mackenzie. Excluding this specific activity, IGM Financial
                                                                                                      investment funds net redemptions for the first quarter of
     Other items for the three months ended March 31, 2023                                            2024 amounted to $332 million, while separately managed
     consisted of:                                                                                    accounts experienced net redemptions of $157 million. Notably,
     • A gain on the sale of a portion of the Company’s investment                                    this transaction had no impact on the overall net flows for
       in Lifeco of $174.8 million after-tax ($179.1 million pre-tax).                                IGM Financial.
     • Lifeco other items of $0.2 million.
                                                                                                      The Company also benefits from the underlying assets under
                                                                                                      management of the Company’s investments in associates,
                                                                                                      including ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and its investment




12 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                C  9
                              Table 5: AUM&A

                                                                                                                                                                       Intercompany
                                                                                                  Wealth Management (1)            Asset Management(2)                   Eliminations (3)               Consolidated
                                                                                                       2024            2023         2024             2023          2024            2023         2024             2023
                              ($ millions)                                                           Mar. 31          Mar. 31     Mar. 31           Mar. 31      Mar. 31          Mar. 31     Mar. 31           Mar. 31

                              Three months ended
                              Gross flows
                               Mutual fund gross sales(4)                                        $     3,797     $     3,021 $      2,357      $    2,289 $             –     $         – $    6,154       $     5,310
                               Dealer gross inflows(3)                                                 3,699          3,663               –               –             –               –      3,699            3,663
                               Discontinued operations inflows                                             –           1,349              –               –             –               –           –            1,349
                              Net flows
                               Mutual fund net sales(4)(5)                                             (315)            (273)        (526)              86              –               –       (841)             (187)
                               ETF net creations                                                           –               –          332              (14)             –               –        332               (14)
                               Investment fund net sales                                               (315)            (273)        (194)              72              –               –       (509)             (201)
                               Institutional SMA net sales(5)                                              –               –            20              98              –               –         20                98
                               IGM product net sales                                                   (315)            (273)        (174)             170              –               –       (489)             (103)
                               Other dealer net flows                                                   361             777               –               –             –               –        361              777
                               Total net flows   (3)
                                                                                                         46             504          (174)             170              –               –       (128)              674
                               Discontinued operations net flows                                           –             313              –               –             –               3           –              316
                               Total net flows including discontinued operations(3)                      46              818         (174)             170              –               2       (128)             990

                              AUM&A
                               IG Wealth Management
                                 AUM(4)                                                          $113,566        $104,069
                                 Other AUA                                                           14,455           11,804
                                 AUA                                                                 128,021         115,873
                               Mackenzie Investments
                                 Mutual funds                                                                                   $ 58,847        $ 56,490
                                 ETFs(6)                                                                                            6,074           5,086
                                 Investment funds                                                                                 64,921            61,576

                                 Institutional SMA                                                                                  7,966           6,826
                                 Sub-advisory to Canada Life(7)                                                                   51,281           48,582
                                 Total Institutional SMA                                                                          59,247           55,408

                                 Third Party AUM                                                                                 124,168           116,984
                                 Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management(7)                                                     79,503           76,785
                                 Total AUM                                                                                       203,671           193,769
                               Consolidated excluding discontinued operations(8)
                                 AUM                                                             $113,566        $104,069 $203,671              $193,769 $ (79,503)           $ (75,555) $237,734          $222,283
                                 AUM&A                                                               128,021         115,873     203,671           193,769      (79,503)          (75,555)    252,189          234,087
                               Strategic investments     (9)


                                 ChinaAMC                                                                                        108,798            97,031
                                 Northleaf                                                                                        15,283           13,836
                                 Rockefeller                                                         36,957                –
                                 Wealthsimple                                                        10,499            5,776




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                 Intra-segment eliminations                                               (6)              –         (309)            (232)
                                                                                                     47,450            5,776     123,772           110,635        (1,075)           (827)     170,147          115,584
                               Consolidated AUM&A Including SI(8)                                $175,471        $121,649 $327,443              $304,404 $ (80,578)           $ (76,382) $422,336          $349,671

                              (1) Effective January 2023, Mackenzie Investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reported within IG Wealth Management’s AUM and Mackenzie
                                  Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
                              (2) Asset Management flows activity excludes sub-advisory to Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment.
                              (3) Consolidated results eliminate double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
                              (4) Wealth Management AUM and net sales include separately managed accounts.
                              (5) In the first quarter of 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into
                                  a separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.
                              (6) ETF assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were $13.8 billion at March 31, 2024 (2023 – $12.8 billion).
                              (7) Effective November 30, 2023, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to discontinued operations, which had previously been reported in sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth
                                  Management, are now reported in sub-advisory to Canada Life.
                              (8) 2023 excludes discontinued operations of IPC: Wealth Management AUM of $4.8 billion and AUA of $30.9 billion; AUA elimination entries of ($4.5) billion; and
                                  IGM consolidated AUM&A of $26.4 billion.
                              (9) Proportionate share of strategic investments’ AUM comprised of 27.8% (2023 – 27.8%) of ChinaAMC’s AUM, 56% (2023 – 56%) of Northleaf’s AUM, 20.5% (2023 – nil)
                                  of Rockefeller’s client assets, and 27.1% (2023 – 27.1%) of Wealthsimple’s AUA.

                                                                          Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                                             13
                              C  10                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     in Wealthsimple which is classified as fair value through                                 At March 31, 2024, Wealthsimple’s AUA was $38.7 billion
     other comprehensive income. The Company has included its                                  compared to $21.3 billion at March 31, 2023, an increase of
     proportionate share of the AUM&A of these investments in its                              81.7%. IGM Financial holds a 27.1% interest in Wealthsimple.
     AUM&A Including SI based on its direct and indirect interest in
                                                                                               Changes in AUM&A for the Wealth Management and Asset
     these companies.
                                                                                               Management segments are discussed further in each of their
     At March 31, 2024, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥ 2,088.7 billion                                respective Review of the Business sections in the MD&A.
     ($391.4 billion) compared to RMB¥ 1,772.4 billion ($349.0 billion)
     at March 31, 2023, an increase of 17.8% (CAD$ 12.1%). IGM
                                                                                               Summary of Quarterly Results
     Financial holds a 27.8% interest in ChinaAMC.
                                                                                               The Summary of Quarterly Results in Table 6 includes the
     At March 31, 2024, Northleaf’s AUM was $27.3 billion compared
                                                                                               eight most recent quarters and the reconciliation of non-IFRS
     to $24.7 billion at March 31, 2023, an increase of 10.5%. IGM
                                                                                               financial measures to net earnings in accordance with IFRS.
     Financial holds a 56% economic interest in Northleaf.
                                                                                               Changes in average AUM&A over the eight most recent quarters,
     At March 31, 2024, Rockefeller’s client assets were USD
                                                                                               as shown in Table 6, largely reflect the impact of changes in
     $133.4 billion ($180.7 billion). IGM Financial acquired a 20.5%
                                                                                               domestic and foreign markets and net sales of the Company.
     interest in Rockefeller in the second quarter of 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




14 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                           C  11
                              Table 6: Summary of Quarterly Results
                                                                                                                2024         2023           2023          2023           2023         2022        2022        2022
                                                                                                                  Q1           Q4             Q3            Q2             Q1           Q4          Q3          Q2

                              Consolidated statements of earnings ($ millions)
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                                         $    582.6 $       550.0 $       563.1 $        552.5 $       534.1 $      530.8 $     532.6 $     535.3

                               Asset management                                                               241.9         234.3         239.9          238.7         236.1        233.5       235.7        241.9
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                     (80.1)        (76.7)        (78.6)        (79.5)         (79.3)       (77.0)      (77.4)      (82.1)
                               Net asset management                                                           161.8         157.6          161.3         159.2         156.8         156.5       158.3       159.8

                               Net investment income and other                                                  15.6          10.6            7.9            8.1          11.0        14.9        10.3        (0.4)
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                      52.8         56.6           49.2          48.8           52.8         60.1        46.6       54.2
                                                                                                              812.8         774.8         781.5          768.6         754.7        762.3        747.8       748.9
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                              265.6         253.2         253.3          254.0         245.7        238.5        235.1      243.5
                               Operations and support                                                         203.9         208.8         196.4          195.4         201.8        200.0        189.9       193.6
                               Sub-advisory                                                                     17.8          16.7          16.8          16.4           15.8         15.5        15.2        15.4
                               Interest(1)                                                                      32.3         32.5           32.6          30.0           28.1         28.5        28.5        28.3
                                                                                                              519.6         511.2          499.1         495.8         491.4        482.5       468.7       480.8
                              Earnings before undernoted                                                      293.2         263.6         282.4          272.8         263.3        279.8        279.1       268.1
                              Restructuring and other                                                              –              –             –       (103.3)              –           –           –           –
                              Gain on sale of Lifeco                                                               –              –             –          (6.2)        179.1            –           –           –
                              Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                            –              –             –          15.1              –           –           –           –
                              Lifeco other items                                                                (1.1)         (6.0)        (10.7)          (5.9)          0.2          5.3         0.3        (4.2)
                              Earnings before income taxes                                                    292.1         257.6          271.7         172.5         442.6         285.1       279.4      263.9
                              Income taxes                                                                      67.3         56.0           60.3          35.5           63.3         61.8        63.4        58.5
                              Net earnings from continuing operations                                         224.8         201.6          211.4         137.0         379.3        223.3        216.0      205.4
                              Net earnings from discontinued operations                                            –        219.7            (1.5)          1.8           3.2          3.7         1.0         3.0
                              Net earnings                                                                    224.8         421.3         209.9          138.8         382.5         227.0       217.0      208.4
                              Non-controlling interest                                                           1.4           1.7            0.1           0.6           1.2          2.3         0.9         1.3
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                              $    223.4 $       419.6 $       209.8 $        138.2 $       381.3 $       224.7 $     216.1 $     207.1
                              Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures ($ millions)
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(2)                  $    224.5 $       204.9 $       220.5 $        211.4 $       206.3 $       219.4 $     215.8 $     211.3
                              Other items:
                               Gain on sale of IPC                                                                 –        220.7               –             –              –           –           –           –
                               Restructuring and other, net of tax ($27.1 million)                                 –              –             –        (76.2)              –           –           –           –
                               Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax (Q1 – $4.3 million)                              –              –             –          (6.2)       174.8             –           –           –
                               Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                           –              –             –          15.1              –           –           –           –
                               Lifeco other items                                                               (1.1)         (6.0)        (10.7)          (5.9)          0.2          5.3         0.3        (4.2)
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                              $    223.4 $       419.6 $       209.8 $        138.2 $       381.3 $       224.7 $     216.1 $     207.1
                              Earnings per Share ($)
                              Adjusted earnings per share(2)
                               – Basic                                                                   $      0.94 $       0.86 $         0.93 $        0.89 $         0.87 $       0.92 $      0.91 $      0.88
                               – Diluted                                                                        0.94         0.86           0.92          0.89           0.87         0.92        0.91        0.88
                              Earnings per share
                               – Basic                                                                          0.94          1.76          0.88          0.58           1.60         0.95        0.91        0.87




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               – Diluted                                                                        0.94          1.76          0.88          0.58           1.60         0.94        0.91        0.87
                              Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                               238,112     238,156       238,550        238,631       238,424        237,958     237,808     239,242
                              Average AUM&A(3) ($ billions)
                               Investment fund AUM                                                       $    173.0 $       164.0 $       165.7 $        165.4 $       164.2 $       158.6 $     159.5 $    164.3
                               Total AUM                                                                      231.0         219.2         221.5          221.8         220.2         213.1       213.8       221.4
                               AUM&A                                                                          245.0         232.1         233.7          233.6         231.6        222.6       222.4       229.4
                              Ending AUM&A(3) ($ billions)
                               Investment fund AUM                                                       $    178.5 $       169.5 $       160.9 $        166.3 $       165.6 $       158.9 $     153.0 $     155.5
                               Total AUM                                                                      237.7         226.6         215.2          222.6         222.3         213.6      205.3       209.6
                               AUM&A                                                                          252.2         240.2          227.4         234.7         234.1        224.2        214.1       217.7
                              Ending AUM&A Including SI(3) ($ billions)                                  $    422.3 $       390.2 $       373.5 $        375.8 $       349.7 $      288.8 $      277.8 $    280.4
                              (1) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.
                              (2) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (3) As detailed in AUM&A definitions, AUM, AUA and AUM&A exclude IPC discontinued operations.

                                                                           Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                                        15
                              C  12                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Wealth Management
     The Wealth Management segment includes IG Wealth                                          • Other financial planning revenues are fees related
     Management and strategic investments in Rockefeller                                         to providing clients other financial products including
     and Wealthsimple.                                                                           mortgages, insurance and banking products.

     The Wealth Management segment also included IPC in 2023,                                  • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings is the
     which was classified as discontinued operations and was sold                                Company’s proportionate share of earnings from the
     in the fourth quarter of 2023.                                                              segment’s equity investments.

                                                                                               Sub-advisory fees are paid between segments and to third
     Wealth Management revenue consists of:
                                                                                               parties for investment management services provided to our
     • Advisory fees are related to providing financial advice to
                                                                                               investment products. Wealth Management is considered a
       clients including fees related to the distribution of products
                                                                                               client of the Asset Management segment and transfer pricing is
       and depend largely on the level and composition of AUA.
                                                                                               based on values for similar sized asset management mandates.
     • Product and program fees are related to the management
       of investment products and include management,                                          Debt and interest expense is allocated to each IGM Financial
       administration and other related fees and depend largely on                             segment based on management’s assessment of: i) capacity
       the level and composition of assets under management.                                   to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
                                                                                               Income taxes are also reported in each segment.




     Review of the Business
     IG Wealth Management, founded in 1926, is a leading wealth                                Investment Planning Counsel
     management company in Canada that focuses on providing
                                                                                               On November 30, 2023, IGM Financial completed the sale of
     comprehensive personal financial planning to Canadians
                                                                                               100% of the common shares of IPC.
     through its advisors by offering a broad range of financial
     products and services.                                                                    The operating results of IPC included within the Wealth
                                                                                               Management segment Table 9 – Operating Results – Wealth
     Rockefeller, founded in 2018, is a leading U.S. independent
                                                                                               Management have been classified as discontinued operations
     financial services advisory firm focused on the high-net-worth
                                                                                               and are shown as a separate line item for comparative periods
     and ultra-high-net-worth segments. Rockefeller’s goal is to
                                                                                               under review.
     be a premier advisory firm that redefines and elevates the
     financial services experience to empower individuals, families,
     institutions and corporations to realize their aspirations and                            IG Wealth Management
     achieve their most important goals.
                                                                                               IG Wealth Management is one of the largest independent
     Wealthsimple, founded in 2014, is one of Canada’s fastest                                 financial planning firms in Canada, with advisors in every
     growing financial services companies and provides simple digital                          community from coast to coast. We are driven by our mission
     tools for growing and managing your money. Wealthsimple’s                                 to inspire financial confidence that can transform the lives of




                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     mission is to help everyone achieve financial freedom.                                    our clients and their families and we are deeply committed to
                                                                                               improving financial literacy in the communities where we work
                                                                                               and live.
     Rockefeller Capital Management
     On April 3, 2023, IGM Financial acquired a 20.5% equity                                   Our exclusive network is comprised of 3,163 advisors. IG Wealth
     interest in Rockefeller for cash consideration of $835 million                            Management clients are more than one million individuals,
     (USD $622 million).                                                                       families and business owners.

                                                                                               Canadians hold $6.2 trillion in discretionary financial assets
                                                                                               with financial institutions at December 31, 2022, based on
                                                                                               the most recent report from Investor Economics, and we




16 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                              C  13
                              view these savings as IG Wealth Management’s addressable                              Our advisory services are most suited to individuals with
                              market. 75% of these savings are held by households with                              complicated financial needs.
                              over $1 million, which are referred to as high net worth, and
                                                                                                                    IG Wealth Management provides advice through two primary
                              another 22% reside with households with between $100,000
                                                                                                                    channels:
                              and $1 million, which are referred to as mass affluent. These
                              segments tend to have more complicated financial needs, and                           • IG Wealth Management entrepreneurial advisors are focused
                              IG Wealth Management’s focus on providing comprehensive                                 on households with more complex needs which are in the
                              financial planning solutions positions it well to compete and                           high net worth and mass affluent segments of the market by
                              grow in these segments.                                                                 focusing on households with greater than $250,000 of assets.
                                                                                                                    • IG Wealth Management corporate channel advisors
                                                                                                                      are focused on servicing households with less complex
                              Strategy
                                                                                                                      requirements which are in the mass affluent and mass
                              Our goal is to help Canadians achieve financial well-being                              market segments with assets up to $250,000.
                              through better planning as Canada’s top financial planning firm.
                                                                                                                    Our entrepreneurial advisor network creates a competitive
                              We strive to meet our strategic mandate by:                                           advantage and drives client engagement with a focus on
                              1) Focusing on key mass affluent and high net worth segments                          comprehensive financial planning and product solutions. Our
                                 by aligning our capabilities to industry wealth drivers.                           advantage is further enabled by hiring top quality advisors,
                              2) Utilizing a segmented advice model to align our best-in-                           increasing proficiency, improving technology, implementing a
                                 class advice with Canadians’ financial planning needs and                          client segmentation approach and enhancing a strong brand.
                                 complexities.
                                                                                                                    AUA consists of the following:
                              3) Leveraging leading innovation to enhance client experience
                                                                                                                    • Clients with household assets greater than $1 million
                                 and improve operational efficiencies.
                                                                                                                       (defined as “high net worth”) which totalled $51.2 billion at
                              IG Wealth Management has a client-centric strategy with                                  March 31, 2024, an increase of 24.6% from one year ago, and
                              a focus on high net worth (HNW) and mass affluent client                                 represented 40% of total AUA.
                              segments, which we define as households with over $1 million                          • Clients with household assets between $100 thousand
                              and between $100 thousand and $1 million, respectively.                                  and $1 million (defined as “mass affluent”) which totalled
                                                                                                                       $67.9 billion at March 31, 2024, an increase of 4.2% from one
                              IG Wealth Management is committed to increasing the financial
                                                                                                                       year ago, and represented 53% of total AUA.
                              confidence of all Canadians by leveraging our people, expertise
                              and resources because we believe it will help create stronger                         • Clients with household assets less than $100 thousand
                              communities and a better future for all.                                                 (defined as “mass market”) which totalled $8.9 billion at
                                                                                                                       March 31, 2024, a decrease of 6.8% from one year ago, and
                              We believe that Canadians deserve a high standard of advice                              represented 7% of total AUA.
                              that takes into consideration all dimensions of their financial lives
                              with financial plans tailored to meet and adapt to their needs.                       IG Wealth Management advisor practices are industry leaders
                                                                                                                    in holding a credentialed financial planning designation. These
                              We focus on providing comprehensive financial advice and                              designations are nationally recognized financial planning
                              well-constructed investment solutions designed to deliver                             qualifications that require an individual to demonstrate
                              returns and risks that take into account each client’s needs                          financial planning competence through education, standardized
                              and requirements.                                                                     examinations, continuing education requirements, and
                                                                                                                    accountability to ethical standards.
                              Financial Advice
                                                                                                                    The following provides a breakdown of the IG Wealth




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Our advisors focus on providing financial advice which is the                         Management advisor network into its significant components
                              value of all efforts that sit outside the investment portfolio                        at March 31, 2024:
                              construction. This includes the value that an advisor adds to                         • 1,677 advisor practices (1,754 at March 31, 2023), which
                              a client relationship and comes from the creation and follow                            reflect advisors with more than four years of experience.
                              through of a well-constructed financial plan.                                           These practices may include associates as described
                                                                                                                       below. The level and productivity of advisor practices is a
                              Advisors
                                                                                                                       key measurement of our business as they serve clientele
                              IG Wealth Management has a national distribution network of                              representing approximately 96% of AUM.
                              more than 3,000 advisors in communities throughout Canada.




                                                                    Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                17
                              C  14                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     • 261 new advisors (318 at March 31, 2023), which are those                                communities throughout Canada. A primary focus is on advising
       advisors with less than four years of experience.                                        and attracting high net worth and mass affluent clients.
     • 1,225 associates and regional vice-presidents (1,162 at                                  For the distinct needs of the high net worth market, IG Private
       March 31, 2023). Associates are licensed team members of                                 Wealth Management focuses on industry wealth drivers including
       advisor practices who provide financial planning services and                            tax planning and optimization, retirement readiness, wealth
       advice to the clientele served by the team.                                              transfer and estate planning, small and medium enterprise
     • IG Wealth Management had a total advisor network of 3,163                                monetization, high net worth financial literacy and philanthropy
       (3,234 at March 31, 2023).                                                               and legacy planning.
     IG Wealth Management uses advisor productivity as a key                                    IG Living Plan allows clients to collaborate with an IG Wealth
     performance measure in evaluating its advisor network. The                                 Management advisor through an enhanced digital experience
     productivity is measured based on gross inflows per advisor                                to develop and track a financial plan which is unique to each
     and is monitored for both advisor recruits with less than                                  client’s goals.
     4 years experience and advisor practices with greater than
                                                                                                IG Wealth Management has a full range of products that allow
     4 years experience.
                                                                                                us to provide a tailored IG Living Plan that evolves over time.
     • The advisor recruit’s gross inflows were $0.8 million per
                                                                                                These products include:
       advisor compared to $0.7 million in the comparative period
       of 2023.                                                                                 • Powerful financial solutions that include investment
                                                                                                  vehicles, focusing on managed solutions, that match risk
     • The advisor practice gross inflows were $2.0 million per
                                                                                                  and investment performance to each client’s needs and
       practice compared to $1.8 million in the comparative period
                                                                                                  requirements.
       of 2023.
                                                                                                • Insurance products that include a variety of policy types
     Key initiatives that impact advisor productivity are:                                        from the leading insurers in Canada.
     • Tightened recruiting standards that increased the likelihood                             • Mortgage banking solutions that are offered as part of a
       of success while also enhancing our culture and brand.                                     comprehensive financial plan.
     • Corporate advice channel that provides consistent service
                                                                                                The Charitable Giving Program is a donor-advised giving
       levels to clients with less complex needs and creates capacity
                                                                                                program which enables Canadians to make donations and
       for advisors.
                                                                                                build an enduring charitable giving legacy with considerably
     • Product and pricing enhancements with a focus on the high                                less expense and complexity than setting up and administering
       net worth and mass affluent segments.
                                                                                                their own private foundation.
     • Continued technology enhancements such as the Advisor
                                                                                                The IG Advisory Account (IGAA) is a fee-based account that
       Desktop powered by Salesforce.
                                                                                                improves client experience by offering the ability to simplify
     • IG Living Plan™ and other client experience enhancements.
                                                                                                and consolidate selected investments into a single account
     • Digital application to deliver tailored client investment                                while providing all our clients with a transparent advisory fee.
       proposals (powered by CapIntel).                                                         IGAA increases fee transparency and can hold most securities
     We also support advisors and clients through our network of                                and investment products available in the marketplace to
     product and planning specialists, who assist in the areas of                               individual investors.
     advanced financial planning, insurance, and securities. As part
     of the strategic mortgage partnership, we have engaged nesto                               Financial Solutions
     Inc. to provide mortgage planning assistance to clients. These
                                                                                                IG Wealth Management strives to achieve expected
     specialists help to ensure that we are providing comprehensive
                                                                                                investment returns for the lowest possible risk focusing on




                                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     financial planning across all elements of a client’s financial life.
                                                                                                managed solutions that create value for clients through active
     Clients are served by our mutual fund licensed and securities
                                                                                                management. To do this, we select and engage high-quality
     licensed advisors and specialists.
                                                                                                sub-advisors so our clients have access to a diverse range of
                                                                                                investment products and solutions. Each asset manager is
     Client Experiences
                                                                                                selected through a proven and rigorous process. We oversee
     IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from our competition
                                                                                                all sub-advisors to ensure that their activities are consistent
     by offering comprehensive planning to our clients that
                                                                                                with their investment philosophies and with the investment
     synchronize every aspect of their financial life. IG Wealth
                                                                                                objectives and strategies of the products they advise.
     Management serves approximately one million clients located in




18 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                               C  15
                              Our investment solutions leverage top global asset manager                               Pool providing exposure through exchange traded funds
                              relationships including Mackenzie Investments and other world                            (ETF) and iProfile Low Volatility Private Pool with Canadian,
                              class investment firms such as Fidelity Investments Canada, T.                           U.S., International and Emerging Market geographic coverage,
                              Rowe Price (Canada), Sagard Credit Partners, Portage, Beutel                             Emerging Markets Private Pool, Fixed Income Private Pool,
                              Goodman & Company, PanAgora Asset Management, PIMCO                                      Canadian Equity Private Pool, U.S. Equity Private Pool and
                              Canada Corp., Northleaf Capital Partners (Canada), BristolGate                           International Equity Private Pool.
                              Capital Partners, Aristotle Capital Boston, Putnam Investments                        • A deep and broad selection of mutual funds, diversified by
                              Canada, Franklin Templeton Investment Management, Wellington                            manager, asset category, investment style, geography, market
                              Management Canada, Rockefeller & Co., JPMorgan Asset                                    capitalization and sector.
                              Management (Canada), BlackRock Asset Management Canada,                               • Segregated funds that provide for long-term investment
                              ClearBridge Investments, 1832 Asset Management (Dynamic),                               growth potential combined with risk management, benefit
                              American Century Investment Management, and ChinaAMC.                                   guarantee features and estate planning efficiencies.
                              We provide clients with an extensive suite of well-constructed                        • Separately managed accounts (discretionary dealer-managed
                              and competitively priced financial solutions that incorporate                           accounts).
                              public and private market investments as well as alternative
                                                                                                                    We have incorporated investments in private assets with the
                              investment strategies. We regularly enhance the scope and
                                                                                                                    introduction of a Private Credit Mandate in the iProfile Fixed
                              diversity of our investment offering with new funds and product
                                                                                                                    Income Private Pool. The pool has committed to four Northleaf
                              changes that enable clients to achieve their goals. We believe
                                                                                                                    Capital Partners’ private credit investments that focus on loans
                              that well-constructed managed solutions provide advisors with
                                                                                                                    to middle market companies in North America and Europe,
                              the best opportunity to focus on providing financial advice to
                                                                                                                    as well as to investments managed by BlackRock, PIMCO and
                              their clients.
                                                                                                                    Sagard. Private Investment Mandates are also included in both
                              We provide portfolio construction with investment solutions                           the iProfile Canadian Equity Private Pool and the iProfile U.S.
                              that include public markets, private markets, and alternative                         Equity Private Pool. Both of these mandates intend to provide
                              strategies.                                                                           investors with enhanced diversification and long-term capital
                                                                                                                    appreciation through exposure to investments in privately held
                              Our investment solutions include:
                                                                                                                    companies. The iProfile Canadian Equity Private Pool has made
                              • Managed solutions that rebalance investments to ensure                              commitments to Northleaf Growth Fund, Northleaf Venture
                                that a chosen mix of investments and risk and return is                             Catalyst III Fund, a custom Northleaf IG Canadian Private Equity
                                maintained. These solutions include IG Core Portfolios,
                                                                                                                    Fund, as well as a fund managed by Sagard. The iProfile U.S.
                                IG Managed Growth Portfolios, IG Managed Payout
                                                                                                                    Equity Private Pool has made commitments to the Northleaf
                                Portfolios, Investors Portfolios, IG Climate Action Portfolios,
                                                                                                                    Capital Opportunities Fund, Northleaf Private Equity Investors
                                IG U.S. Taxpayer Portfolios, IG Target Education Portfolios,
                                                                                                                    VIII Fund, Northleaf Secondary Partners III Fund, as well as to
                                and IG Managed Risk Portfolios.
                                                                                                                    investments managed by BlackRock and Portage. The iProfile
                              • iProfile™ Portfolios – iProfile Portfolios are a suite of                           International Equity Private Pool has commitments to the
                                six managed solutions that provide comprehensive                                    Northleaf IG European Private Equity Fund.
                                diversification and are designed to suit personal preferences
                                for risk tolerance and investment goals. These portfolios                           IG Wealth Management monitors its investment performance
                                                                                                                    by comparing to certain benchmarks. Morningstar † fund
                                provide exposure similar to the investments of the iProfile
                                                                                                                    ranking service is one of the rankings monitored when
                                Private Pools.
                                                                                                                    determining fund performance.
                              • iProfile™ Private Discretionary Portfolios – iProfile Private
                                Discretionary Portfolios are model portfolios comprised                             At March 31, 2024, 92.7% of IG Wealth Management mutual




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                of iProfile Private Pools, available for households with                            fund assets had a rating of three stars or better from
                                investments held at IG Wealth Management in excess of                               Morningstar † fund ranking service and 65.3% had a rating of
                                $250,000. iProfile Private Discretionary Portfolios have                            four or five stars. This compared to the Morningstar † universe
                                been designed to deliver strong risk-adjusted returns by                            of 87.4% for three stars or better and 53.2% for four and five
                                diversifying across asset classes, management styles and                            star funds at March 31, 2024. Morningstar † Ratings are an
                                geographic regions. The portfolios include discretionary                            objective, quantitative measure of a fund’s three, five and ten
                                model portfolios and iProfile Private Pools to support the                          year risk-adjusted performance relative to comparable funds.
                                models: four iProfile Active Allocation Private Pools, iProfile
                                Alternatives Private Pool with mandates including global
                                macro and global equity hedge strategies, iProfile ETF Private




                                                                    Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                19
                              C  16                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Other Products and Services                                                                advice on debt and equity financing, business valuation
                                                                                                and succession.
     Segregated Funds
     IG Wealth Management offers segregated funds which include
     the IG Series of Guaranteed Investment Funds (GIFs). Select
                                                                                                Wealth Management AUM and AUA
     GIF policies allow for a Lifetime Income Benefit (LIB) option to                           AUM and AUA are key performance indicators for the Wealth
     provide guaranteed retirement income for life. The investment                              Management segment and are detailed in Tables 7 and 8.
     components of these segregated funds are managed by IG
                                                                                                Wealth Management AUA including strategic investments were
     Wealth Management. At March 31, 2024, total segregated
                                                                                                $175.5 billion at March 31, 2024, compared to $121.6 billion
     fund assets were $1.2 billion, compared to $1.3 billion at
                                                                                                at March 31, 2023. Strategic investments AUA is based on the
     March 31, 2023.
                                                                                                Company’s direct and indirect ownership interest in these
                                                                                                companies.
     Insurance
     IG Wealth Management distributes life insurance in Canada                                  IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $128.0 billion at March 31,
     through its arrangements with leading insurance companies,                                 2024, an increase of 10.5% from March 31, 2023. The level
     and offers a broad range of term, universal life, whole life,                              of AUA is influenced by three factors: client inflows, client
     disability, critical illness, long-term care, personal health care                         outflows and investment returns. AUA represents savings
     coverage and group insurance.                                                              and investment products, including AUM where we provide
                                                                                                investment management services, that are held within our
     At March 31, 2024, total in-force policies were approximately
                                                                                                clients’ accounts. Advisory fees are charged based on an annual
     374 thousand with an insured value of $105 billion, compared
                                                                                                percentage of substantially all AUA, through the IG Advisory
     to approximately 376 thousand with an insured value of
                                                                                                Account fee, and represent the majority of the fees earned
     $104 billion at March 31, 2023. Distribution of insurance
                                                                                                from our clients. Our entrepreneurial advisors’ compensation is
     products is enhanced through IG Wealth Management’s
                                                                                                also based on AUA and net assets contributed by our clients.
     Insurance Planning Specialists, located throughout Canada,
     who assist advisors with advanced estate planning solutions                                At March 31, 2024, Rockefeller’s client assets were USD
     for high net worth clients.                                                                $133.4 billion ($180.7 billion). IGM Financial acquired a 20.5%
                                                                                                interest in Rockefeller during the second quarter of 2023.
     Securities Operations
                                                                                                At March 31, 2024, Wealthsimple’s AUA was $38.7 billion
     Investors Group Securities Inc. is an investment dealer
                                                                                                compared to $21.3 billion at March 31, 2023, an increase of
     registered in all Canadian provinces and territories providing
                                                                                                81.7%. IGM Financial holds a 27.1% interest in Wealthsimple at
     clients with securities services to complement their financial
                                                                                                March 31, 2024, unchanged from March 31, 2023.
     and investment planning. IG Wealth Management advisors can
     refer clients to one of our Wealth Specialists available through
     Investors Group Securities Inc.                                                            IG Wealth Management AUM and AUA
                                                                                                For the quarter ended March 31, 2024, gross client inflows of
     Mortgage and Banking Operations
                                                                                                IG Wealth Management AUA were $3.7 billion, consistent with
     Mortgages are offered to clients by IG Wealth Management.                                  2023. For the quarter ended March 31, 2024, gross inflows from
     Licensed mortgage brokers are located throughout each                                      newly acquired clients with more than $1.0 million of assets
     province in Canada, and work with our clients and their                                    accounted for 27.8% of all newly acquired client inflows. Net
     advisors to develop mortgage and lending strategies that meet                              client inflows were $46 million compared to net client inflows
     the individual needs and goals of each client as part of their                             of $504 million in the comparable period in 2023. During the
     comprehensive financial plan.                                                              first quarter, investment returns resulted in an increase of




                                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     Mortgage fundings offered through IG Wealth Management                                     $6.8 billion in AUA compared to an increase of $4.6 billion in
     for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 were $135 million                                     the first quarter of 2023.
     compared to $83 million, an increase of 62.7%. At March 31,                                Changes in mutual fund AUM for the periods under review are
     2024, mortgages serviced totalled $6.7 billion, compared to                                reflected in Table 8.
     $6.8 billion at March 31, 2023, a decrease of 1.3%.
                                                                                                At March 31, 2024, $93.0 billion, or 83% of IG Wealth
     Private Company Advisory                                                                   Management’s mutual fund AUM, were in products with
     Private Company Advisory is a comprehensive service to                                     unbundled fee structures, up 14.2% from $81.4 billion at
     business owners in the small to midsize segment that provides                              March 31, 2023 which represented 79% of AUM.




20 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                              C  17
                              Table 7: Change in AUA – Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                 Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                      2024              2023              2023          2023      2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                          Mar. 31           Dec. 31            Mar. 31      Dec. 31    Mar. 31

                              Change in AUA – IG Wealth Management
                               Gross client inflows                                                                            $      3,699      $      3,089      $      3,663         19.7 %      1.0 %
                               Gross client outflows(1)                                                                               3,653             3,317             3,159         10.1       15.6
                               Net flows                                                                                                  46             (228)              504         N/M       (90.9)
                               Investment returns                                                                                     6,752             7,247             4,553          (6.8)     48.3
                               Net change in assets                                                                                   6,798             7,019             5,057          (3.1)     34.4
                               Beginning assets                                                                                    121,223           114,204           110,816           6.1        9.4
                               Ending AUA                                                                                      $ 128,021         $ 121,223         $ 115,873             5.6 %     10.5 %
                              Strategic investments ending AUA
                               Rockefeller                                                                                     $    36,957       $    33,061       $              –     11.8 %     N/M %
                               Wealthsimple                                                                                         10,499              8,534             5,776         23.0       81.8
                               Intra-segment eliminations                                                                                 (6)               (6)                   –         –      N/M
                                                                                                                               $    47,450       $    41,589       $      5,776         14.1 %     N/M %
                              Consolidated ending AUA including strategic investments(2)                                       $ 175,471         $ 162,812         $ 121,649             7.8 %     44.2 %
                              Daily average AUA
                               IG Wealth Management                                                                            $ 123,975         $ 117,090         $ 114,650             5.9 %      8.1 %
                              (1) In the first quarter of 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into a
                                  separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.
                              (2) Q1 2023 excludes discontinued operations of IPC of $30.9 billion.



                              Table 8: Change in AUM – IG Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                 Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                      2024              2023              2023          2023      2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                          Mar. 31           Dec. 31            Mar. 31      Dec. 31    Mar. 31

                              Sales                                                                                            $      3,797      $      2,628      $      3,021         44.5 %     25.7 %
                              Redemptions(1)                                                                                          4,112             3,680             3,294         11.7       24.8
                              Net sales (redemptions)                                                                                  (315)           (1,052)             (273)        70.1      (15.4)
                              Investment returns                                                                                      6,246             6,742             5,067          (7.4)     23.3
                              Net change in assets                                                                                    5,931             5,690             4,794          4.2       23.7
                              Beginning assets                                                                                     107,635           101,945            99,275           5.6        8.4
                              Ending assets                                                                                    $ 113,566         $ 107,635         $ 104,069             5.5 %      9.1 %
                              Daily average AUM                                                                                $ 110,003         $ 104,198         $ 103,321             5.6 %      6.5 %

                              (1) In the first quarter of 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into a
                                  separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.




                              Change in AUM&A – Q1 2024 vs. Q1 2023                                                        in 2023. Mutual fund redemptions totalled $4.1 billion, an
                              IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $128.0 billion at March 31,                                  increase of 24.8% from 2023. IG Wealth Management mutual




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              2024, an increase of 10.5% from $115.9 billion at March 31,                                  fund net redemptions for the first quarter of 2024 were
                              2023. IG Wealth Management’s mutual fund AUM were                                            $315 million compared with net redemptions of $273 million in
                              $113.6 billion at March 31, 2024, representing an increase of                                2023. During the first quarter, investment returns resulted in
                              9.1% from $104.1 billion at March 31, 2023. Average daily mutual                             an increase of $6.2 billion in mutual fund assets compared to
                              fund assets were $110.0 billion in the first quarter of 2024, up                             an increase of $5.1 billion in the first quarter of 2023.
                              6.5% from $103.3 billion in the first quarter of 2023.
                                                                                                                           In January 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan
                              For the quarter ended March 31, 2024, sales of IG Wealth                                     redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual
                              Management mutual funds through its advisor network were                                     funds that was re-allocated into a separately managed account
                              $3.8 billion, an increase of 25.7% from the comparable period                                managed by Mackenzie Investments. Excluding this activity, net




                                                                          Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                               21
                              C  18                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     flows and net redemptions for the first quarter of 2024 were                             $107.6 billion at December 31, 2023. Average daily mutual
     $223 million and $138 million, respectively.                                             fund assets were $110.0 billion in the first quarter of 2024
                                                                                              compared to $104.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023, an
     IG Wealth Management’s annualized quarterly redemption
                                                                                              increase of 5.6%.
     rate for long-term funds was 14.4% in the first quarter of
     2024, compared to 12.6% in the first quarter of 2023. IG                                 For the quarter ended March 31, 2024, sales of IG Wealth
     Wealth Management’s twelve month trailing redemption                                     Management mutual funds through its advisor network were
     rate for long-term funds was 12.7% at March 31, 2024,                                    $3.8 billion, an increase of 44.5% from the fourth quarter
     compared to 10.7% at March 31, 2023, and remains well below                              of 2023. Mutual fund redemptions totalled $4.1 billion for
     the corresponding average redemption rate for all other                                  the first quarter, increased 11.7% from the previous quarter,
     members of the Investment Funds Institute of Canada (IFIC)                               and the annualized quarterly redemption rate was 14.4% in
     of approximately 15.7% at March 31, 2024.                                                the first quarter compared to 13.4% in the fourth quarter of
                                                                                              2023. IG Wealth Management mutual fund net redemptions
     Change in AUM&A – Q1 2024 vs. Q4 2023                                                    were $315 million for the current quarter compared to net
     IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $128.0 billion at March 31,                              redemptions of $1.1 billion in the previous quarter.
     2024, an increase of 5.6% from $121.2 billion at December 31,
     2023. IG Wealth Management’s mutual fund AUM were
     $113.6 billion at March 31, 2024, an increase of 5.5% from




                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




22 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                            C  19
                              Review of Segment Operating Results
                              The Wealth Management segment’s adjusted net earnings are                                    IG Wealth Management
                              presented in Table 9 and include the operations of IG Wealth
                                                                                                                           IG Wealth Management’s adjusted net earnings are presented
                              Management, earnings related to strategic investments and IPC.
                                                                                                                           within Table 10. Adjusted net earnings for the first quarter
                              As a result of the sale of IPC completed on November 30,                                     of 2024 were $117.2 million, an increase of 12.0% from the
                              2023, the operating results of IPC included within the Wealth                                first quarter in 2023 and an increase of 15.2% from the prior
                              Management segment were classified as discontinued                                           quarter.
                              operations and are shown as a separate line item in Table 9 for
                                                                                                                           Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the first
                              all periods under review.
                                                                                                                           quarter of 2024 were $185.6 million, an increase of 12.3% from
                                                                                                                           the first quarter in 2023 and an increase of 13.0% from the
                                                                                                                           prior quarter.



                              Table 9: Operating Results – Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                     Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                              2024             2023           2023          2023      2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                  Mar. 31          Dec. 31         Mar. 31      Dec. 31    Mar. 31

                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management
                                 Advisory fees                                                                                          $    309.1       $    301.3      $    290.7          2.6 %      6.3 %
                                 Product and program fees                                                                                    234.2            224.0           218.7          4.6         7.1
                                                                                                                                             543.3            525.3          509.4           3.4        6.7
                                 Redemption fees                                                                                                   –               –               0.6          –    (100.0)
                                 Other financial planning revenues                                                                             41.2            26.4               25.7      56.1       60.3
                               Total Wealth Management                                                                                       584.5            551.7           535.7          5.9        9.1
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                  5.3             3.7                3.4      43.2       55.9
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                     (5.1)            (0.8)             (0.8)     N/M        N/M
                                                                                                                                             584.7           554.6           538.3           5.4        8.6
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development
                                 Asset-based compensation                                                                                    156.7            145.6          144.4           7.6        8.5
                                 Sales-based compensation                                                                                      25.1            24.3               21.5       3.3       16.7
                                 Other
                                  Other product commissions                                                                                    19.4            18.7               14.8       3.7       31.1
                                  Business development                                                                                         43.0            43.8               42.3       (1.8)      1.7
                                                                                                                                               62.4            62.5               57.1       (0.2)      9.3
                               Total advisory and business development                                                                       244.2            232.4          223.0           5.1        9.5
                               Operations and support                                                                                        115.0            115.9           108.3          (0.8)      6.2
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                    45.3            43.0               42.6       5.3        6.3
                                                                                                                                             404.5            391.3           373.9          3.4        8.2
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                 180.2            163.3          164.4          10.3        9.6




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Interest expense                                                                                                25.8             26.0               22.3       (0.8)     15.7
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                       154.4            137.3           142.1         12.5        8.7
                              Income taxes                                                                                                    43.2             36.6               38.4      18.0       12.5
                              Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                                                               111.2            100.7           103.7         10.4        7.2
                              Net earnings – discontinued operations(2)                                                                            –            3.5                3.0    (100.0)    (100.0)
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                       111.2            104.2           106.7          6.7        4.2
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                             –               –               0.2          –    (100.0)
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                 $    111.2       $    104.2      $    106.5          6.7 %      4.4 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (2) IPC segment operating results.




                                                                           Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                                  23
                              C  20                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 10: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                          Change
     Three months ended                                                                                                 2024             2023         2023       2023      2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                                     Mar. 31          Dec. 31       Mar. 31   Dec. 31    Mar. 31

     Revenues
      Wealth Management
        Advisory fees                                                                                             $    309.1       $    301.3    $    290.7       2.6 %      6.3 %
        Product and program fees                                                                                       234.2            224.0         218.7       4.6         7.1
                                                                                                                       543.3            525.3        509.4        3.4        6.7
        Redemption fees                                                                                                      –              –           0.6          –    (100.0)
        Other financial planning revenues                                                                                41.2            26.4          25.7      56.1       60.3
      Total Wealth Management                                                                                          584.5            551.7         535.7       5.9        9.1
      Net investment income and other                                                                                     5.3             3.7           3.4      43.2       55.9
                                                                                                                       589.8            555.4         539.1       6.2        9.4
     Expenses
      Advisory and business development
        Asset-based compensation                                                                                       156.7            145.6        144.4        7.6        8.5
        Sales-based compensation                                                                                         25.1            24.3          21.5       3.3       16.7
        Other
         Other product commissions                                                                                       19.4            18.7          14.8       3.7       31.1
         Business development                                                                                            43.0            43.8          42.3       (1.8)      1.7
                                                                                                                         62.4            62.5          57.1       (0.2)      9.3
      Total advisory and business development                                                                          244.2            232.4        223.0        5.1        9.5
      Operations and support                                                                                           114.7            115.7         108.2       (0.9)      6.0
      Sub-advisory                                                                                                       45.3            43.0          42.6       5.3        6.3
                                                                                                                       404.2            391.1        373.8        3.3        8.1
     Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes      (1)
                                                                                                                       185.6            164.3         165.3      13.0       12.3
     Interest expense                                                                                                    25.8            26.0          22.3       (0.8)     15.7
     Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                          159.8            138.3         143.0      15.5       11.7
     Income taxes                                                                                                        42.6            36.6          38.4      16.4       10.9
     Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                     $    117.2       $    101.7    $   104.6       15.2 %     12.0 %

     (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




     Q1 2024 VS. Q1 2023                                                                             Product and program fees depend largely on the level and
                                                                                                     composition of mutual fund AUM. Product and program fees
     Fee Income                                                                                      totalled $234.2 million in the current quarter, up 7.1% from
     Advisory fees include fees for providing financial advice to                                    $218.7 million a year ago primarily due to the increase in
     clients including fees related to the distribution of products,                                 average AUM of 6.5%, as shown in Table 8. The average product
     and depend largely on the level and composition of AUA.                                         and program fee rate for the first quarter was 85.6 basis points
     Advisory fees were $309.1 million in the first quarter of 2024,                                 of AUM compared to 85.8 basis points in 2023.
     an increase of $18.4 million or 6.3% from $290.7 million in 2023.
                                                                                                     Other financial planning revenues are primarily earned from:




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     The increase in advisory fees in the three months ending                                        • Mortgage banking operations
     March 31, 2024 was primarily due to the increase in average
                                                                                                     • Distribution of insurance products through I.G. Insurance
     AUA of 8.1%, as shown in Table 7, partially offset by a decrease
                                                                                                       Services Inc.
     in the advisory fee rate. The average advisory fee rate for the
                                                                                                     • Securities trading services provided through Investors Group
     first quarter was 100.3 basis points of average AUA compared
                                                                                                       Securities Inc.
     to 102.8 basis points in 2023. Fee rates are determined based
     on client AUA levels and the average rate will fluctuate based                                  Other financial planning revenues of $41.2 million for the first
     on changes in a client’s AUA as well as product mix.                                            quarter of 2024 increased by $15.5 million from $25.7 million in
                                                                                                     2023. The change for the three month period was primarily due
                                                                                                     to higher earnings from the mortgage banking operations and




24 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                          C  21
                              higher revenues from the distribution of insurance products,                                   These expenses tend to be discretionary or vary based upon
                              partially offset by lower revenues from the distribution of                                    the number of advisors or clients.
                              banking products. The higher earnings in the mortgage banking
                                                                                                                             Asset based compensation includes compensation paid to
                              operations was due to fair value adjustments and higher
                                                                                                                             both the entrepreneurial advisor and the corporate channels.
                              interest income on mortgages held prior to securitization.
                                                                                                                             The entrepreneurial advisor channel compensation fluctuates
                              A summary of mortgage banking operations for the quarter                                       primarily with the value of AUA and product mix while the
                              under review is presented in Table 11.                                                         corporate channel fluctuates largely based on the number
                                                                                                                             of clients within the channel. Asset-based compensation
                              Net Investment Income and Other                                                                increased by $12.3 million for the three months ended
                              Net investment income and other consists of unrealized gains                                   March 31, 2024 to $156.7 million compared to 2023, primarily
                              or losses on investments in proprietary funds in the three                                     due to increases in AUA and other compensation changes.
                              months ended March 31, 2024, and investment income earned
                                                                                                                             IG Wealth Management sales-based compensation is based
                              on our cash and cash equivalents and securities and other
                                                                                                                             upon the level of new assets contributed to client accounts at
                              income not related to our core business. It also includes a
                                                                                                                             IG Wealth Management (subject to eligibility requirements).
                              charge from the Corporate and Other segment for the use of
                                                                                                                             All sales-based compensation payments are capitalized and
                              unallocated capital.
                                                                                                                             amortized as they reflect incremental costs to obtain a client
                              Expenses                                                                                       contract. Sales-based compensation was $25.1 million for
                                                                                                                             the first quarter of 2024, an increase of $3.6 million from
                              IG Wealth Management incurs advisory and business
                                                                                                                             $21.5 million in 2023.
                              development expenses that include compensation paid to
                              our advisors. The majority of these costs vary directly with                                   Other advisory and business development expenses were
                              asset or sales levels. Also included are other distribution and                                $62.4 million in the first quarter of 2024, compared to
                              business development activities which do not vary directly                                     $57.1 million in 2023, an increase of $5.3 million primarily due
                              with asset or sales levels, such as corporate channel, direct                                  to higher compensation paid on the distribution of insurance
                              marketing and advertising, financial planning specialist support                               products and timing of certain projects and other expenses.
                              and other costs incurred to support our advisor networks.




                              Table 11: Mortgage Banking Operations – IG Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                  Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                        2024              2023              2023        2023       2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                            Mar. 31           Dec. 31            Mar. 31    Dec. 31     Mar. 31

                              Total mortgage banking income
                               Net interest income on securitized loans
                                 Interest income                                                                                 $       42.8      $        41.7     $       36.4        2.6 %      17.6 %
                                 Interest expense                                                                                        40.5              39.6              33.6        2.3        20.5
                                 Net interest income                                                                                       2.3               2.1               2.8       9.5        (17.9)
                               Gains (losses) on sales(1)                                                                                  0.5              (0.8)             (1.0)     N/M         N/M
                               Fair value adjustments                                                                                      2.0              (9.2)             (3.3)     N/M         N/M
                               Other                                                                                                       5.6               4.6               2.3      21.7       143.5
                                                                                                                                 $       10.4      $        (3.3)    $         0.8      N/M %       N/M %




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Average mortgages serviced
                               Securitizations                                                                                   $      4,676      $      4,694      $      4,636        (0.4)%      0.9 %
                               Other                                                                                                    2,031             2,084             2,164        (2.5)       (6.1)
                                                                                                                                 $      6,707      $      6,778      $      6,800        (1.0)%      (1.4)%
                              Mortgage sales to:(2)
                               Securitizations                                                                                   $        262      $        379      $        175      (30.9)%      49.7 %
                               Other (1)                                                                                                    47                38              108       23.7       (56.5)
                                                                                                                                 $        309      $        417      $        283      (25.9)%       9.2 %

                              (1) Represents sales to institutional investors through private placements and to IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short Term Income Fund, as well as gains (losses) realized on
                                  those sales.
                              (2) Represents principal amounts sold.




                                                                            Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                               25
                              C  22                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Operations and support includes costs that support our wealth                                   Product and program fees were $234.2 million in the first
     management and other general and administrative functions                                       quarter of 2024, an increase of $10.2 million from $224.0 million
     such as product management, technology and operations, as                                       in the fourth quarter of 2023. The increase was primarily due to
     well as other functional business units and corporate expenses.                                 the increase in average AUM of 5.6%, as shown in Table 8. The
     Operations and support expenses were $114.7 million for the                                     average product and program fee rate was 85.6 basis points in
     first quarter of 2024 compared to $108.2 million in 2023, an                                    the current quarter, compared to 85.5 in the fourth quarter.
     increase of $6.5 million.
                                                                                                     Other financial planning revenues of $41.2 million in the first
     Sub-advisory expenses were $45.3 million for the first quarter                                  quarter of 2024 increased by $14.8 million from $26.4 million in
     of 2024 compared to $42.6 million in 2023, an increase of                                       the fourth quarter due to higher earnings from the mortgage
     $2.7 million or 6.3%, primarily due to changes in AUM.                                          banking operations and higher revenues on the distribution of
                                                                                                     insurance products. The higher earnings from the mortgage
     Interest Expense                                                                                banking operations are due to fair value adjustments and net
     Interest expense, which includes allocated interest expense                                     margins caused by the current interest rate environment.
     on long-term debt and interest expense on leases, totalled
     $25.8 million in the first quarter of 2024, compared to                                         Expenses
     $22.3 million in 2023. The allocation of debt increased to                                      Advisory and business development expenses in the current
     $1.95 billion during the second quarter of 2023, as a result of                                 quarter were $244.2 million, an increase of $11.8 million from
     the issuance of long-term debt by IGM Financial. Previously,                                    $232.4 million in the previous quarter. The increase is primarily
     the allocation was $1.7 billion.                                                                due to increases in asset based compensation as a result of
                                                                                                     higher AUA and compensation changes.
     Q1 2024 VS. Q4 2023                                                                             Operations and support expenses were $114.7 million for
                                                                                                     the first quarter of 2024 compared to $115.7 million in the
     Fee Income
                                                                                                     previous quarter.
     Advisory fee income increased by $7.8 million or 2.6% to
     $309.1 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared with the
     fourth quarter of 2023. The increase in advisory fees in the first                              Wealth Management
     quarter was primarily due to the increase in average AUA of                                     Strategic Investments
     5.9% for the quarter, as shown in Table 7. The average advisory
                                                                                                     Wealth Management strategic investment’s adjusted net
     fee rate for the first quarter was 100.3 basis points of average
                                                                                                     earnings are presented within Table 12. Adjusted net earnings
     AUM, compared to 102.1 in the fourth quarter. Fee rates are
                                                                                                     for the first quarter of 2024 were ($6.0) million, compared to
     determined based on ranges of AUA and the average rate will
                                                                                                     ($0.9) million in 2023 and ($1.0) million in the prior quarter.
     fluctuate based on changes in client’s AUA. As individual client’s
     AUA increases, the rate charged to the client will decrease.




     Table 12: Operating Results – Wealth Management Strategic Investments

                                                                                                                                                                           Change
     Three months ended                                                                                                 2024             2023          2023        2023     2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                                     Mar. 31          Dec. 31        Mar. 31    Dec. 31   Mar. 31

     Revenues




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
      Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
        Rockefeller                                                                                               $      (4.4)     $         –    $         –      N/M %     N/M %
        Other                                                                                                            (0.7)            (0.8)          (0.8)     12.5      12.5
                                                                                                                         (5.1)            (0.8)          (0.8)     N/M       N/M
     Expenses
      Operations and support                                                                                              0.3             0.2            0.1       50.0    200.0
     Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                            (5.4)            (1.0)          (0.9)     N/M       N/M
     Income taxes                                                                                                         0.6                –              –      N/M       N/M
     Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                     $      (6.0)     $      (1.0)   $      (0.9)     N/M %     N/M %

     (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




26 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                           C  23
                              Asset Management
                              The Asset Management segment includes Mackenzie                                       segment and transfer pricing is based on values for similar
                              Investments and strategic investments in ChinaAMC                                     sized asset management mandates.
                              and Northleaf.                                                                     • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings is the
                                                                                                                   Company’s proportionate share of earnings from the equity
                              Asset Management revenue reflects:
                                                                                                                   investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf.
                              • Net asset management fees – third party includes fees
                                received from our investment funds and fees from third                           Assets managed by Mackenzie for IG Wealth Management are
                                parties for investment management services. Compensation                         included in the Asset Management segment’s AUM.
                                paid to dealers offsets the fees earned.
                                                                                                                 Debt and interest expense is allocated to each IGM Financial
                              • Asset management fees – Wealth Management includes                               segment based on management’s assessment of: i) capacity
                                fees received from the Wealth Management segment. Wealth                         to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
                                Management is considered a client of the Asset Management                        Income taxes are also reported in each segment.




                              Review of the Business
                              Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management                            Northleaf is a global private equity, private credit and
                              solutions provider founded in 1967. We provide investment                          infrastructure fund manager headquartered in Toronto.
                              management and related services with a wide range of                               Northleaf seeks to deliver high absolute risk-adjusted returns
                              investment mandates through a boutique structure and                               from access to value creation outside public markets.
                              multiple distribution channels. We are committed to delivering
                              strong investment performance for our clients by drawing on
                              more than 50 years of investment management experience.
                                                                                                                 Mackenzie Investments
                              Mackenzie earns asset management fees primarily from:                              Strategy
                              • Management fees earned from its investment funds,                                Mackenzie’s mission is to create a more invested world, together.
                                sub-advised accounts and institutional clients.
                                                                                                                 Mackenzie’s objective is to become Canada’s preferred global
                              • Fees earned from its mutual funds for administrative services.                   asset management solutions provider and business partner.
                              • Redemption fees on deferred sales charge and low load units.
                                                                                                                 Mackenzie’s strategic mandates are: win Canadian retail; build
                              The largest component of Mackenzie’s revenues is management                        meaningful strategic partnerships; and develop presence
                              fees. The amount of management fees depends on the level and                       in underpenetrated channels with a targeted approach. We
                              composition of AUM. Management fee rates vary depending on                         achieve our strategic mandates with the following focus areas:
                              the investment objective and the account type of the underlying                    • Continuously improving distribution with a segmented
                              AUM. Equity based mandates have higher management fee rates                          approach;
                              than fixed income mandates and retail mutual fund accounts
                                                                                                                 • Delivering competitive risk adjusted investment




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              have higher management fee rates than exchange traded funds,
                                                                                                                   performance;
                              sub-advised accounts and institutional accounts.
                                                                                                                 • Advancing brand leadership;
                              Founded in 1998 as one of the first fund management                                • Creating innovative and relevant products and solutions;
                              companies in China, ChinaAMC has developed and maintained a
                                                                                                                 • Encouraging a sustainable future;
                              position among the market leaders in China’s asset management
                                                                                                                 • Ensuring operational excellence and efficiency;
                              industry. ChinaAMC drives for growth through product
                              innovation and offering multi-asset investment solutions and                       • Fostering a high performing, diverse and winning culture.
                              services for investors with various risk-return profiles.                          Our focus areas drive future business growth. We aim to
                                                                                                                 achieve this by being committed to the success of our clients,




                                                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                27
                              C  24                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     attracting and fostering the best minds in the investment                                In the institutional channel, Mackenzie provides investment
     industry, maintaining a boutique investment approach, having                             management services to pension plans, foundations and other
     an innovative and future oriented product focus, and being                               institutions. We attract new institutional business through our
     responsible in everything we do.                                                         relationships with pension and management consultants.

     Our investment management capabilities are delivered through                             Gross sales and redemption activity in strategic alliance and
     a boutique structure, with separate in-house teams having                                institutional accounts can be more pronounced than in the
     distinct focuses and diverse styles. Our research and portfolio                          retail channel, given the relative size and the nature of the
     management teams are located in Toronto, Montreal, Winnipeg,                             distribution relationships of these accounts. These accounts
     Vancouver, Boston, Dublin and Hong Kong. In addition, our                                are also subject to ongoing reviews and rebalance activities
     ownership interest in Northleaf enhances our investment                                  which may result in a significant change in the level of AUM.
     capabilities by offering global private equity, private credit
                                                                                              Mackenzie continues to be positioned to build and enhance
     and infrastructure investment solutions to our clients and our
                                                                                              our distribution relationships given our team of experienced
     ownership interest in ChinaAMC offers our clients access to
                                                                                              investment professionals, strength of our distribution network,
     Chinese capital markets. We also supplement our investment
                                                                                              broad product shelf, competitively priced products and our
     capabilities with strategic partners (third party sub-advisors)
                                                                                              focus on client experience and investment excellence.
     in selected areas. The development of a broad range of
     investment capabilities and products is a key strength in
     supporting the evolving financial needs of investors.                                    Investment Management
                                                                                              Mackenzie has $203.7 billion in AUM at March 31, 2024,
     Our business focuses on three key distribution channels: retail,
                                                                                              including $79.5 billion of sub-advisory mandates to the Wealth
     strategic alliances and institutional.
                                                                                              Management segment. It has teams located in Toronto,
     Mackenzie primarily distributes its retail investment products                           Montreal, Winnipeg, Vancouver, Boston, Dublin and Hong Kong.
     through third-party financial advisors. Our sales teams work
                                                                                              We continue to deliver our investment offerings through a
     with many of the more than 30,000 independent financial
                                                                                              boutique structure, with separate in-house investment teams
     advisors and their firms across Canada. Our innovative,
                                                                                              which each have a distinct focus and investment approach.
     comprehensive lineup of investment solutions covers all asset
                                                                                              Our investment team currently consists of 16 boutiques. This
     classes and parts of the globe. We offer a range of relevant
                                                                                              boutique approach promotes diversification of styles and
     products and investment solutions designed to help advisors
                                                                                              ideas and provides Mackenzie with a breadth of capabilities.
     meet the evolving needs of their clients. We regularly introduce
                                                                                              Oversight is conducted through a common process intended
     new funds and we may merge or streamline our fund offerings
                                                                                              to promote superior risk-adjusted returns over time. This
     to provide enhanced investment solutions.
                                                                                              oversight process focuses on i) identifying and encouraging
     In addition to our retail distribution team, Mackenzie also                              each team’s performance edge, ii) promoting best practices in
     has specialty teams focused on strategic alliances and the                               portfolio construction, and iii) emphasizing risk management.
     institutional marketplace.
                                                                                              Mackenzie’s 56% economic interest in Northleaf enhances its
     Within the strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie offers                                  investment capabilities by offering global private equity, private
     certain series of our mutual funds and provides sub-advisory                             credit and infrastructure investment solutions to our clients.
     services to third-party and related party investment programs
                                                                                              In addition to our own investment teams, Mackenzie
     offered by banks, insurance companies and other investment
                                                                                              supplements investment capabilities through the use of third
     companies. Strategic alliances with related parties include
                                                                                              party sub-advisors and strategic beta index providers in
     providing advisory services to IG Wealth Management and
                                                                                              selected areas. These include Putnam Investments, TOBAM
     Lifeco subsidiaries (including IPC). Mackenzie partners with




                                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                              and ChinaAMC. With the launch of the suite of 27 Futurepath
     Wealthsimple to distribute ETFs through their product shelf.
                                                                                              Funds for Primerica, the following third party sub-advisors
     Mackenzie also serves as one of two exclusive investment
                                                                                              were added: 1832 Asset Management, Addenda, Brandywine,
     solutions providers to PFSL Investment Canada Ltd. (Primerica)
                                                                                              Blackrock, and T. Rowe Price.
     and launched a suite of 27 funds designed to address the
     specific needs of Primerica advisors and their clients. Within                           Long-term investment performance is a key measure of
     the strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie’s primary distribution                         Mackenzie’s ongoing success. At March 31, 2024, 27.0% of
     relationship is with the head office of the respective bank,                             Mackenzie mutual fund assets were rated in the top two
     insurance company or investment company.                                                 performance quartiles for the one year time frame, 41.2%
                                                                                              for the three year time frame and 48.2% for the five year




28 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                              C  25
                              time frame. Mackenzie also monitors its fund performance                              Shariah-compliant equity securities of companies located
                              relative to the ratings it receives on its mutual funds from the                      anywhere in the world.
                              Morningstar † fund ranking service. At March 31, 2024, 83.8% of
                                                                                                                 Early in the second quarter of 2024, one new fund was launched:
                              Mackenzie mutual fund assets measured by Morningstar † had a
                              rating of three stars or better and 51.0% had a rating of four or                  • Mackenzie Emerging Markets Ex-China Equity Fund seeks
                              five stars. This compared to the Morningstar † universe of 87.4%                      to provide long-term capital growth by investing primarily
                              for three stars or better and 53.2% for four and five star funds                      in equity securities of companies in emerging markets,
                              at March 31, 2024.                                                                    excluding China.


                              Products                                                                           Assets Under Management
                              Mackenzie continues to evolve its product shelf by providing                       AUM is a key performance indicator for the Asset Management
                              enhanced investment solutions for financial advisors to offer                      segment.
                              their clients.
                                                                                                                 The changes in total AUM are summarized in Table 13 and the
                                                                                                                 changes in investment fund AUM are summarized in Table 14.
                              Mutual Funds
                                                                                                                 Assets managed for the Wealth Management segment are
                              Mackenzie manages its product shelf through new fund
                                                                                                                 included in total AUM.
                              launches and fund mergers to streamline fund offerings for
                              advisors and investors. During the current quarter, Mackenzie                      Asset Management AUA including strategic investments were
                              launched two mutual funds and announced a proposed                                 $327.4 billion at March 31, 2024, compared to $304.4 billion
                              fund merger.                                                                       at March 31, 2023. Strategic investments AUA is based on the
                                                                                                                 Company’s direct and indirect ownership interest in these
                              Alternative Funds                                                                  companies.
                              Mackenzie currently has ten alternative funds including four
                                                                                                                 At March 31, 2024, Mackenzie’s total AUM were $203.7 billion,
                              products in collaboration with Northleaf Capital Partners
                                                                                                                 an increase of 5.1% from $193.8 billion last year. Mackenzie’s
                              (Northleaf) as part of its ongoing commitment to expand retail
                                                                                                                 total third party AUM were $124.2 billion, an increase of 6.1%
                              investor access to private market investment solutions.
                                                                                                                 from $117.0 billion last year. The change in Mackenzie’s AUM is
                              Exchange Traded Funds                                                              determined by investment returns and net contributions from
                                                                                                                 our clients.
                              The addition of Exchange Traded Funds (ETF) has complemented
                              Mackenzie’s broad and innovative fund line-up and reflects its                     At March 31, 2024, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥ 2,088.7 billion
                              investor-focused vision to provide advisors and investors with                     ($391.4 billion) compared to RMB¥ 1,772.4 billion ($349.0 billion)
                              new solutions to drive investor outcomes and achieve their                         at March 31, 2023, an increase of 17.8% (CAD$ 12.1%).
                              personal goals. These ETFs offer investors another investment                      Mackenzie holds a 27.8% interest in ChinaAMC.
                              option when building long-term diversified portfolios. During the
                                                                                                                 At March 31, 2024, Northleaf’s AUM was $27.3 billion compared
                              current quarter, Mackenzie launched one ETF.
                                                                                                                 to $24.7 billion at March 31, 2023, an increase of 10.5%.
                              Mackenzie’s current line-up consists of 51 ETFs: 27 active and                     Mackenzie holds a 56% economic interest in Northleaf.
                              strategic beta ETFs and 24 traditional index ETFs. ETF AUM
                              ended the quarter at $13.8 billion, inclusive of $7.7 billion in
                                                                                                                 Mackenzie Investments AUM
                              investments from IGM managed products. This ranks Mackenzie
                              in seventh place in the Canadian ETF industry for AUM.                             Change in AUM – Q1 2024 vs. Q1 2023
                                                                                                                 Mackenzie’s total AUM at March 31, 2024 were $203.7 billion,
                              2024 Launches




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                 an increase of 5.1% from $193.8 billion at March 31, 2023.
                              During the current quarter, Mackenzie launched two mutual                          Third party AUM were $124.2 billion, an increase of 6.1% from
                              funds and one ETF:                                                                 $117.0 billion at March 31, 2023.
                              • Mackenzie World Low Volatility Fund and Mackenzie World
                                                                                                                 Investment fund AUM were $64.9 billion at March 31, 2024,
                                Low Volatility ETF seek to provide long-term capital growth
                                                                                                                 compared to $61.6 billion at March 31, 2023, an increase of
                                by investing primarily in equity securities of large and
                                                                                                                 5.4%. Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM of $58.8 billion increased
                                mid-capitalization companies in developed global markets,
                                                                                                                 by 4.2% from $56.5 billion at March 31, 2023. Mackenzie’s ETF
                                while seeking to provide lower volatility.
                                                                                                                 assets excluding ETFs held within IGM Financial’s managed
                              • Mackenzie Shariah Global Equity Fund seeks to provide
                                                                                                                 products were $6.1 billion at March 31, 2024, an increase of
                                long-term capital growth by investing primarily in
                                                                                                                 19.4% from $5.1 billion at March 31, 2023. ETF assets inclusive




                                                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                 29
                              C  26                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 13: Change in Total AUM – Asset Management

                                                                                                                                                                       Change
     Three months ended                                                                                          2024             2023             2023       2023      2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                              Mar. 31          Dec. 31           Mar. 31   Dec. 31    Mar. 31

     Mackenzie AUM excluding sub-advisory to
     Canada Life and the Wealth Management Segment
      Net sales (redemptions)
        Mutual funds                                                                                      $      (526)     $       (987)     $        86      46.7 %     N/M %
        ETF net creations                                                                                         332                  161           (14)    106.2       N/M
        Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                                   (194)             (826)              72      76.5       N/M
        Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(3)                                                           20             (186)              98      N/M       (79.6)
      Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                              (174)           (1,012)             170      82.8       N/M
      Investment returns                                                                                        3,779             4,192            2,157       (9.9)     75.2
      Net change in assets                                                                                      3,605             3,180            2,327      13.4       54.9
      Beginning assets                                                                                         69,282           66,102           66,075        4.8        4.9
      Ending assets                                                                                       $    72,887      $    69,282       $   68,402        5.2 %      6.6 %
     Mackenzie Consolidated AUM
        Mutual funds                                                                                      $    58,847      $    56,408       $   56,490        4.3 %      4.2 %
        ETFs                                                                                                    6,074             5,507           5,086       10.3       19.4
        Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                                 64,921            61,915           61,576       4.9        5.4
        Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts                                                          7,966             7,367            6,826       8.1       16.7
                                                                                                               72,887           69,282           68,402        5.2        6.6
        Sub-advisory to Canada Life(4)                                                                         51,281           49,665           48,582        3.3        5.6
      Third party AUM                                                                                         124,168          118,947           116,984       4.4        6.1
      Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management(2)(4)                                                          79,503           76,758            76,785       3.6        3.5
      Consolidated AUM                                                                                    $ 203,671        $ 195,705         $ 193,769         4.1 %      5.1 %
     Strategic investments ending AUM
      ChinaAMC                                                                                            $ 108,798        $    94,792       $    97,031      14.8 %     12.1 %
      Northleaf                                                                                                15,283            14,912          13,836        2.5       10.5
      Intra-segment eliminations                                                                                 (309)             (260)            (232)    (18.8)     (33.2)
                                                                                                          $ 123,772        $ 109,444         $ 110,635        13.1 %     11.9 %
     Consolidated ending AUM including strategic investments                                              $ 327,443        $ 305,149         $ 304,404         7.3 %      7.6 %
     Mackenzie average total AUM(5)
      Third party AUM                                                                                     $ 121,000        $ 114,128         $ 115,717         6.0 %      4.6 %
      Consolidated                                                                                            198,874          189,302           192,011       5.1        3.6
     (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
     (2) Effective January 2023, Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reclassified from Investment funds to Sub-advisory and AUM
         to Wealth Management.
     (3) In the first quarter of 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into
         a separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.
     (4) Effective November 30, 2023, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to discontinued operations, which had previously been reported in sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth
         Management, are now reported in sub-advisory to Canada Life.
     (5) Based on daily average investment fund assets and month-end average sub-advisory, institutional and other assets.




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     of IGM Financial’s managed products were $13.8 billion at                                       to ($14) million last year. Investment fund net redemptions in
     March 31, 2024 compared to $12.8 billion at March 31, 2023.                                     the current quarter were $194 million compared to net sales
                                                                                                     of $72 million last year. During the current quarter, investment
     In the three months ended March 31, 2024, Mackenzie’s
                                                                                                     returns resulted in investment fund assets increasing by
     mutual fund gross sales were $2.4 billion, an increase of 3.0%
                                                                                                     $3.2 billion compared to an increase of $1.9 billion last year.
     compared to $2.3 billion in 2023. Mutual fund redemptions
     in the current quarter were $2.9 billion, an increase of 30.9%                                  Total net redemptions excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life
     from last year. Mutual fund net redemptions for the three                                       and to the Wealth Management segment for the three months
     months ended March 31, 2024 were $526 million, compared to                                      ended March 31, 2024 were $174 million compared to net sales
     net sales of $86 million last year. In the three months ended                                   of $170 million last year. During the current quarter, investment
     March 31, 2024, ETF net creations were $332 million compared




30 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                       C  27
                              Table 14: Change in Investment Fund AUM – Mackenzie Investments(1)

                                                                                                                                                                                               Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                      2024              2023              2023        2023      2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                          Mar. 31           Dec. 31            Mar. 31    Dec. 31    Mar. 31

                              Sales                                                                                            $      2,357      $      1,736      $      2,289       35.8 %      3.0 %
                              Redemptions                                                                                             2,883             2,723             2,203        5.9       30.9
                              Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                                      (526)             (987)                86      46.7       N/M
                              ETF net creations                                                                                         332               161                (14)    106.2       N/M
                              Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)(3)                                                            (194)             (826)                72      76.5       N/M
                              Investment returns                                                                                      3,200             3,741             1,851      (14.5)      72.9
                              Net change in assets                                                                                    3,006             2,915             1,923        3.1       56.3
                              Beginning assets                                                                                      61,915            59,000            59,653         4.9        3.8
                              Ending assets                                                                                    $    64,921       $     61,915      $     61,576        4.9 %      5.4 %
                              Consists of:
                               Mutual funds                                                                                    $    58,847       $    56,408       $    56,490         4.3 %      4.2 %
                               ETFs                                                                                                   6,074             5,507             5,086       10.3       19.4
                               Investment funds(3)                                                                             $    64,921       $     61,915      $     61,576        4.9 %      5.4 %
                              Daily average investment fund assets                                                             $    63,020       $    59,848       $    60,886         5.3 %      3.5 %

                              (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales excludes investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
                              (2) Total investment fund net sales and AUM exclude Mackenzie mutual fund investments in ETFs.
                              (3) Effective January 2023, Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reclassified from Investment funds to Sub-advisory and AUM to
                                  Wealth Management.




                              returns resulted in assets increasing by $3.8 billion compared                               As at March 31, 2024, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory and AUM to
                              to an increase of $2.2 billion last year.                                                    the Wealth Management segment were $79.5 billion or 70.0%
                                                                                                                           of Wealth Management AUM excluding strategic investments
                              In January 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan
                                                                                                                           compared to $76.8 billion or 70.5% of Wealth Management
                              redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual
                                                                                                                           AUM excluding strategic investments at March 31, 2023.
                              funds that was re-allocated into a separately managed account
                              managed by Mackenzie. Excluding this activity, total net                                     Change in AUM – Q1 2024 vs. Q4 2023
                              redemptions were $351 million for the first quarter of 2024.
                                                                                                                           Mackenzie’s total AUM at March 31, 2024 were $203.7 billion,
                              Redemptions of long-term mutual funds in the first quarter                                   an increase of 4.1% from $195.7 billion at December 31, 2023.
                              ended March 31, 2024, were $2.9 billion, compared to                                         Third party AUM were $124.2 billion, an increase of 4.4% from
                              $2.2 billion last year. Mackenzie’s annualized quarterly                                     $118.9 billion at December 31, 2023.
                              redemption rate for long-term mutual funds was 20.1% in the
                                                                                                                           Investment fund AUM were $64.9 billion at March 31, 2024,
                              first quarter of 2024, compared to 15.9% in the first quarter
                                                                                                                           an increase of 4.9% from $61.9 billion at December 31, 2023.
                              of 2023. Mackenzie’s twelve month trailing redemption rate
                                                                                                                           Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM were $58.8 billion at March 31,
                              for long-term mutual funds was 18.2% at March 31, 2024,
                                                                                                                           2024, an increase of 4.3% from $56.4 billion at December 31,
                              compared to 16.1% last year. The corresponding average twelve
                                                                                                                           2023. Mackenzie’s ETF assets were $6.1 billion at March 31,
                              month trailing redemption rate for long-term mutual funds
                                                                                                                           2024 compared to $5.5 billion at December 31, 2023. ETF
                              for all other members of IFIC was approximately 15.4% at
                                                                                                                           assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were
                              March 31, 2024. Mackenzie’s twelve month trailing redemption




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                           $13.8 billion at March 31, 2024 compared to $12.9 billion at
                              rate is comprised of the weighted average redemption rate
                                                                                                                           December 31, 2023.
                              for front-end load assets, deferred sales charge and low
                              load assets with redemption fees, and deferred sales charge                                  For the quarter ended March 31, 2024, Mackenzie mutual
                              assets without redemption fees (matured assets). Generally,                                  fund gross sales were $2.4 billion, an increase of 35.8% from
                              redemption rates for front-end load assets and matured assets                                the fourth quarter of 2023. Mutual fund redemptions were
                              are higher than the redemption rates for deferred sales charge                               $2.9 billion, an increase of 5.9% from the fourth quarter
                              and low load assets with redemption fees.                                                    of 2023. Net redemptions of Mackenzie mutual funds for
                                                                                                                           the current quarter were $526 million compared with net
                              As at March 31, 2024, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to Canada Life
                                                                                                                           redemptions of $987 million in the previous quarter.
                              were $51.3 billion compared to $48.6 billion at March 31, 2023.




                                                                          Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                             31
                              C  28                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Redemptions of long-term mutual fund assets in the current                               As at March 31, 2024, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to Canada Life
     quarter were $2.9 billion, compared to $2.7 billion in the fourth                        were $51.3 billion compared to $49.7 billion at December 31, 2023.
     quarter. Mackenzie’s annualized quarterly redemption rate
                                                                                              As at March 31, 2024, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory and AUM to
     for long-term mutual funds for the current quarter was 20.1%
                                                                                              the Wealth Management segment were $79.5 billion or 70.0%
     compared to 19.7% in the fourth quarter.
                                                                                              of Wealth Management AUM excluding strategic investments
     For the quarter ended March 31, 2024, Mackenzie ETF net                                  compared to $76.8 billion or 71.3% of total Wealth Management
     creations were $332 million compared to $161 million in the                              AUM excluding strategic investments at December 31, 2023.
     fourth quarter.

     Investment fund net redemptions in the current quarter were
     $194 million compared to net redemptions of $826 million in
     the fourth quarter.




                                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




32 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                             C  29
                              Review of Segment Operating Results
                              The Asset Management segment’s adjusted net earnings are                                     Q1 2024 vs. Q1 2023
                              presented in Table 15 and include the operations of Mackenzie
                              Investments and earnings related to strategic investments.                                   Revenues
                                                                                                                           Asset management fees are classified as either Asset
                                                                                                                           management fees – third party or Asset management fees –
                              Mackenzie Investments                                                                        Wealth Management.
                              Mackenzie Investments’ adjusted net earnings are presented
                                                                                                                           • Net asset management fees – third party is comprised of
                              in Table 16. Adjusted net earnings for the first quarter of 2024
                                                                                                                             the following:
                              were $57.3 million, an increase of 18.4% from the first quarter
                              in 2023 and an increase of 16.0% from the prior quarter.                                        - Asset management fees – third party consists of
                                                                                                                                management and administration fees earned from our
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the first                                         investment funds and management fees from our third
                              quarter of 2024 were $84.3 million, an increase of 18.2% from                                     party sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts.
                              the first quarter in 2023 and an increase of 14.2% from the                                       The largest component is management fees from
                              prior quarter.                                                                                    our investment funds. The amount of management
                                                                                                                                   fees depends on the level and composition of AUM.
                                                                                                                                   Management fee rates vary depending on the investment
                                                                                                                                   objective and the account type of the underlying AUM.




                              Table 15: Operating Results – Asset Management

                                                                                                                                                                                              Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                      2024              2023              2023       2023      2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                          Mar. 31           Dec. 31            Mar. 31   Dec. 31    Mar. 31

                              Revenues
                               Asset management
                                 Asset management fees – third party                                                           $      238.2      $      230.9      $      232.4       3.2 %      2.5 %
                                 Redemption fees                                                                                         0.6               0.6               0.9         –     (33.3)
                                                                                                                                      238.8             231.5             233.3       3.2        2.4
                               Dealer compensation expenses
                                 Asset-based compensation                                                                             (79.3)            (76.0)            (78.7)      4.3        0.8
                               Net asset management fees – third party                                                                159.5             155.5             154.6       2.6        3.2
                               Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                               29.1              28.0              28.5       3.9        2.1
                               Net asset management                                                                                   188.6             183.5             183.1       2.8        3.0
                               Net investment income and other                                                                           6.5               4.0               4.5     62.5       44.4
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                             34.0              32.3              33.2       5.3        2.4
                                                                                                                                      229.1             219.8             220.8       4.2        3.8
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                                                       21.4              20.8              22.7       2.9        (5.7)
                               Operations and support                                                                                  88.5              92.7               93.1      (4.5)      (4.9)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                              1.3               1.2               1.1      8.3       18.2
                                                                                                                                      111.2             114.7             116.9       (3.1)      (4.9)
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes (1)                                                         117.9             105.1             103.9      12.2       13.5
                              Interest expense                                                                                           6.5               6.5               5.8         –      12.1
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                111.4              98.6              98.1      13.0       13.6
                              Income taxes                                                                                             23.2               20.1              19.7     15.4       17.8
                              Adjusted net earnings                                                                                    88.2              78.5              78.4      12.4       12.5
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                   1.4               1.7               1.0     (17.6)     40.0
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                        $       86.8      $       76.8      $        77.4     13.0 %     12.1 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                                                           Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                           33
                              C  30                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 16: Operating Results – Mackenzie Investments

                                                                                                                                                                       Change
     Three months ended                                                                                          2024             2023             2023       2023      2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                              Mar. 31          Dec. 31           Mar. 31   Dec. 31    Mar. 31
     Revenues
      Asset management
        Asset management fees – third party                                                               $     238.2      $      230.9       $   232.4        3.2 %      2.5 %
        Redemption fees                                                                                            0.6                  0.6          0.9          –     (33.3)
                                                                                                                238.8             231.5           233.3        3.2        2.4
      Dealer compensation expenses
        Asset-based compensation                                                                                (79.3)            (76.0)           (78.7)      4.3        0.8
      Net asset management fees – third party                                                                   159.5             155.5            154.6       2.6        3.2
      Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                  29.1              28.0             28.5       3.9        2.1
      Net asset management                                                                                      188.6             183.5            183.1       2.8        3.0
      Net investment income and other                                                                              6.5                  4.0          4.5      62.5       44.4
                                                                                                                195.1             187.5            187.6       4.1        4.0
     Expenses
      Advisory and business development                                                                          21.4              20.8             22.7       2.9        (5.7)
      Operations and support                                                                                     88.1                  91.7         92.5       (3.9)      (4.8)
      Sub-advisory                                                                                                 1.3                  1.2           1.1      8.3       18.2
                                                                                                                110.8             113.7            116.3       (2.6)      (4.7)
     Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes (1)                                                             84.3              73.8             71.3      14.2       18.2
     Interest expense                                                                                              6.5                  6.5          5.8          –      12.1
     Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                    77.8                  67.3         65.5      15.6       18.8
     Income taxes                                                                                                20.5                  17.9         17.1      14.5       19.9
     Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                             $      57.3      $       49.4       $     48.4      16.0 %     18.4 %

     (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




           For example, equity-based mandates have higher                                                     sales charge or low load. Sales-based compensation are
           management fee rates than exchange traded funds,                                                   paid to dealers on the sale of mutual funds under the
           fixed income mandates and retail mutual fund accounts                                              deferred sales charge purchase option and on a low load
           have higher management fee rates than sub-advised                                                  purchase option. Mackenzie stopped selling deferred sales
           and institutional accounts. The majority of Mackenzie’s                                            charge purchase options and low load purchase options as
           mutual fund assets are retail and sold through third party                                         of June 1, 2022, in accordance with regulatory changes.
           financial advisors.                                                                       • Asset management fees – Wealth Management
        - Redemption fees – consists of fees earned from the                                           consists of sub-advisory fees earned from the Wealth
          redemptions of mutual fund assets sold on a deferred                                         Management segment.
           sales charge purchase option and on a low load purchase
                                                                                                     Net asset management fees – third party were $159.5 million
           option. Redemption fees charged for deferred sales charge
                                                                                                     for the three months ended March 31, 2024, an increase of
           assets range from 5.5% in the first year and decrease
                                                                                                     $4.9 million or 3.2% from $154.6 million last year. The increase
           to zero after seven years. Redemption fees for low load
                                                                                                     in net asset management fees – third party was primarily




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
           assets range from 2.0% to 3.0% in the first year and
                                                                                                     due to a 4.6% increase in average AUM, as shown in Table 13,
           decrease to zero after two or three years, depending on
                                                                                                     partially offset by a decrease in the net asset management fee
           the purchase option.
                                                                                                     rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was 53.0 basis
        - Dealer compensation expenses – consists of asset-                                          points for the three months ended March 31, 2024, compared
          based and sales-based compensation. Asset-based                                            to 54.2 basis points in the comparative period in 2023.
          compensation represents trailing commissions paid to                                       The decrease in rate was mostly driven by a change in the
          dealers on certain classes of retail mutual funds and are                                  composition of AUM. In addition to these factors, there was one
          calculated as a percentage of mutual fund AUM. These                                       more calendar day in the first quarter of 2024 compared to the
          fees vary depending on the fund type and the purchase
          option upon which the fund was sold: front-end, deferred




34 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                       C  31
                              first quarter of 2023, which resulted in additional management                      Q1 2024 vs. Q4 2023
                              fees of $2.6 million.
                                                                                                                  Revenues
                              Asset management fees – Wealth Management were
                                                                                                                  Net asset management fees – third party were $159.5 million
                              $29.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024, an
                                                                                                                  for the current quarter, an increase of $4.0 million or 2.6%
                              increase of $0.6 million or 2.1% from $28.5 million last year. The
                                                                                                                  from $155.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. Factors
                              increase in management fees was due to a 2.1% increase in
                                                                                                                  contributing to the net increase were:
                              average AUM, partially offset by a decrease in the management
                                                                                                                  • Average AUM were $121.0 billion in the current quarter, an
                              fee rate. Mackenzie’s management fee rate was 15.0 basis
                                                                                                                    increase of 6.0% from the prior quarter.
                              points for the three months ended March 31, 2024 compared
                              to 15.1 basis points in the comparative period in 2023. In                          • Net asset management fee rate was 53.0 basis points for the
                              addition, there was one more calendar day in the first quarter                        current quarter compared to 54.2 basis points in the fourth
                              of 2024 compared to the first quarter of 2023, which resulted                         quarter.
                              in additional management fees of $0.3 million.                                      • There was one less calendar day in the current quarter
                                                                                                                    compared to the fourth quarter of 2023, which resulted in
                              Net investment income and other primarily includes investment
                                                                                                                    a decrease of management fees of $2.6 million.
                              returns related to Mackenzie’s investments in proprietary
                              funds. These investments are generally made in the process                          Asset management fees – Wealth Management were
                              of launching a fund and are sold as third party investors                           $29.1 million in the current quarter, an increase of $1.1 million
                              subscribe. Net investment income and other was $6.5 million                         or 3.9% from $28.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2023.
                              for the three months ended March 31, 2024 compared to                               Factors contributing to the net increase were:
                              $4.5 million last year.                                                             • Average AUM were $77.9 billion in the current quarter, an
                                                                                                                    increase of 3.6% from the prior quarter.
                              Expenses
                                                                                                                  • Asset management fee rate was 15.0 basis points for the
                              Mackenzie incurs advisory and business development expenses
                                                                                                                    current quarter compared to 14.8 basis points in the fourth
                              that primarily include wholesale distribution activities and
                                                                                                                    quarter.
                              these costs vary directly with assets or sales levels. Advisory
                                                                                                                  • There was one less calendar day in the current quarter
                              and business development expenses were $21.4 million for the
                                                                                                                    compared to the fourth quarter of 2023, which resulted in
                              three months ended March 31, 2024, a decrease of $1.3 million
                                                                                                                    a decrease of management fees of $0.3 million.
                              or 5.7% from $22.7 million in 2023.
                                                                                                                  Net investment income and other was $6.5 million for the
                              Operations and support includes costs associated with
                                                                                                                  current quarter, compared to $4.0 million in the fourth quarter.
                              business operations, including technology and business
                              processes, in-house investment management and product                               Expenses
                              shelf management, corporate management and support
                                                                                                                  Advisory and business development expenses were
                              functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,
                                                                                                                  $21.4 million for the current quarter compared to $20.8 million
                              technology and other service provider expenses. Operations
                                                                                                                  in the fourth quarter.
                              and support expenses were $88.1 million for the three months
                              ended March 31, 2024, a decrease of $4.4 million or 4.8% from                       Operations and support expenses were $88.1 million for
                              $92.5 million in 2023.                                                              the current quarter, a decrease of $3.6 million or 3.9% from
                                                                                                                  $91.7 million in the fourth quarter.
                              Sub-advisory expenses were $1.3 million for the three months
                              ended March 31, 2024, compared to $1.1 million in 2023.                             Sub-advisory expenses were $1.3 million for the current
                                                                                                                  quarter, compared to $1.2 in the fourth quarter.
                              Interest Expense




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Interest expense, which includes allocated interest expense
                              on long-term debt and interest expense on leases, totalled
                                                                                                                  Asset Management
                              $6.5 million in the first quarter of 2024, compared to                              Strategic Investments
                              $5.8 million in the comparative period in 2023. Long-term                           Asset Management strategic investment’s adjusted net
                              debt interest expense is calculated based on an allocation of                       earnings are presented within Table 17. Adjusted net earnings
                              IGM Financial’s long-term debt to Mackenzie. The allocation                         for the first quarter of 2024 were $29.5 million, compared to
                              of debt increased to $450 million during the second quarter                         $29.0 million in 2023 and $27.4 million in the prior quarter.
                              of 2023, as a result of the issuance of long-term debt by
                                                                                                                  The proportionate share of associates’ earnings consists of
                              IGM Financial. Previously, the allocation was $400 million.
                                                                                                                  equity earnings from ChinaAMC and Northleaf.




                                                                    Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                               35
                              C  32                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 17: Operating Results – Asset Management Strategic Investments

                                                                                                                                                                        Change
     Three months ended                                                                                         2024              2023             2023       2023       2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                             Mar. 31           Dec. 31           Mar. 31   Dec. 31     Mar. 31

     Revenues
      Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
        ChinaAMC                                                                                          $      26.9      $       23.7       $     28.1      13.5 %       (4.3)%
        Northleaf                                                                                                  7.1                  8.6          5.1      (17.4)      39.2
                                                                                                                 34.0              32.3             33.2       5.3         2.4


     Expenses
      Operations and support                                                                                       0.4                  1.0          0.6     (60.0)      (33.3)
     Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                    33.6                  31.3         32.6       7.3         3.1
     Income taxes                                                                                                  2.7                  2.2          2.6      22.7         3.8
     Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                    30.9                  29.1         30.0       6.2         3.0
     Non-controlling interest                                                                                      1.4                  1.7          1.0      (17.6)      40.0
     Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                            $      29.5      $           27.4   $     29.0        7.7 %      1.7 %

     (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




     The Company’s share of ChinaAMC earnings were $26.9 million                                     The Company’s share of Northleaf’s earnings were $7.1 million
     in the first quarter of 2024 compared to $28.1 million in the                                   in the first quarter of 2024 compared to $5.1 million in the
     comparable period in 2023.                                                                      comparable period in 2023. This is offset by non-controlling
                                                                                                     interest as reflected in the table.




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




36 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                        C  33
                              Corporate and Other
                              Review of Segment Operating Results
                              The Corporate and Other segment includes the Company’s                              Q1 2024 vs. Q1 2023
                              investments in Lifeco and Portage, and unallocated capital.
                                                                                                                  The proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings was
                              Adjusted earnings from the Corporate and Other segment                              $23.9 million, an increase of $3.5 million in the first quarter of
                              include the Company’s proportionate share of Lifeco’s base                          2024 compared to the first quarter of 2023. The proportionate
                              earnings, an alternate measure Lifeco uses to understand                            share of Lifeco’s net earnings was $22.8 million, an increase of
                              the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net                            $2.2 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared to the first
                              earnings. Lifeco’s financial information can be obtained in its                     quarter of 2023. These earnings reflect the proportionate share
                              disclosure materials filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Comparative                         of equity earnings from Lifeco, as discussed in the Consolidated
                              periods have been restated to reflect this change. Net                              Financial Position section of this MD&A. In the fourth quarter
                              investment income on unallocated capital and consolidation                          of 2023 and in 2024, the Company recorded its proportionate
                              elimination entries are also included in this segment.                              share of Lifeco earnings based on actual earnings. In the
                                                                                                                  first three quarters of 2023, the Company recorded its
                              At March 31, 2024, the Company held a 2.4% equity interest in
                                                                                                                  proportionate share of Lifeco earnings using consensus
                              Lifeco. IGM Financial and Lifeco are controlled by Power.
                                                                                                                  analysts’ earnings estimates, as Lifeco had reported quarterly
                              Portage consists of early-stage investment funds dedicated                          earnings after the Company.
                              to backing innovating financial services companies and are
                                                                                                                  Net investment income and other was $3.8 million in the first
                              controlled by Power.
                                                                                                                  quarter of 2024, an increase of $0.7 million from $3.1 million
                              In addition to Lifeco and other investments held by the                             in 2023.
                              Company, the Corporate and Other segment includes
                              unallocated capital which totalled $402.0 million at March 31,
                              2024 compared to $282.3 million at December 31, 2023, as
                                                                                                                  Q1 2024 vs. Q4 2023
                              detailed in Table 18.                                                               The proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings was
                                                                                                                  $23.9 million in the first quarter of 2024, a decrease of
                              Unallocated capital represents capital not allocated to any of
                                                                                                                  $1.2 million from the fourth quarter of 2023. The proportionate
                              the operating companies and which would be available for
                                                                                                                  share of Lifeco’s net earnings was $22.8 million, an increase of
                              investment, debt repayment, distribution to shareholders or
                                                                                                                  $3.7 million from the fourth quarter of 2023.
                              other corporate purposes. This capital is invested in highly
                              liquid, high quality financial instruments in accordance with
                              the Company’s Investment Policy.

                              Corporate and Other segment adjusted net earnings are
                              presented in Table 19.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Table 18: Total Assets – Corporate and Other

                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                       March 31, 2024    December 31, 2023

                              Investments in associate
                               Lifeco                                                                                                                              $      598.2         $     589.3
                              FVTOCI investments
                               Portage and other investments                                                                                                              120.9               114.7
                              Unallocated capital and other                                                                                                               402.0               282.3
                              Total assets                                                                                                                         $     1,121.1        $     986.3
                              Lifeco fair value                                                                                                                    $      957.8         $     970.9




                                                                   Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                                 37
                              C  34                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 19: Operating Results – Corporate and Other

                                                                                                                                                                          Change
     Three months ended                                                                                         2024              2023              2023        2023       2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                             Mar. 31           Dec. 31            Mar. 31    Dec. 31     Mar. 31

     Revenues
      Wealth Management                                                                                   $       (1.9)    $           (1.7)   $      (1.6)     (11.8)%    (18.8)
      Asset management                                                                                          (26.0)            (25.2)            (25.7)       (3.2)       (1.2)
      Dealer compensation expense                                                                                 (0.8)                (0.7)          (0.6)    (14.3)      (33.3)
      Net asset management                                                                                      (26.8)             (25.9)           (26.3)      (3.5)        (1.9)
      Net investment income and other                                                                              3.8                  2.9           3.1       31.0        22.6
      Proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings                                                              23.9                  25.1          20.4        (4.8)      17.2
                                                                                                                  (1.0)                 0.4           (4.4)     N/M         77.3
     Expenses
      Operations and support                                                                                       0.4                  0.2           0.4      100.0           –
      Sub-advisory                                                                                              (28.8)             (27.5)           (27.9)       (4.7)      (3.2)
                                                                                                                 (28.4)            (27.3)           (27.5)       (4.0)      (3.3)
     Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                    27.4                  27.7          23.1        (1.1)      18.6
     Income taxes                                                                                                  0.9                 (0.7)          0.9       N/M            –
     Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations                                                               26.5              28.4              22.2        (6.7)      19.4
     Net earnings – discontinued operations                                                                           –                (4.5)          0.2      100.0      (100.0)
     Adjusted net earnings   (1)
                                                                                                          $      26.5      $       23.9        $     22.4       10.9 %      18.3 %

     (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




38 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                          C  35
                              IGM Financial Inc.
                              Consolidated Financial Position
                              IGM Financial’s total assets were $18.4 billion at March 31, 2024,                     with the increase in public market peer valuations, as well as
                              compared to $18.7 billion at December 31, 2023.                                        Wealthsimple’s business performance and revised revenue
                                                                                                                     expectations. Fair value is determined by using observable
                                                                                                                     transactions in the investments’ securities where available,
                              Other Investments                                                                      discounted cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including
                              The composition of the Company’s securities holdings is                                revenue multiples used in the valuation of comparable
                              detailed in Table 20.                                                                  public companies.

                                                                                                                     The total fair value of Corporate investments of $837 million
                              Fair Value Through Other                                                               at March 31, 2024 is presented net of certain costs incurred
                              Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)                                                          within the limited partnership structures holding the
                              Gains and losses on FVTOCI investments are recorded in Other                           underlying investments.
                              comprehensive income.
                                                                                                                     Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL)
                              Corporate Investments
                                                                                                                     Securities classified as FVTPL include equity securities and
                              Corporate investments is primarily comprised of the Company’s
                                                                                                                     proprietary investment funds. Gains and losses are recorded
                              investments in Wealthsimple, and Portag3 Ventures LP, Portag3
                                                                                                                     in Net investment income and other in the Consolidated
                              Ventures II LP and Portage Ventures III LP (Portage) and are
                                                                                                                     Statements of Earnings.
                              recorded at FVTOCI.
                                                                                                                     Certain proprietary investment funds are consolidated where
                              Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple) is a financial
                                                                                                                     the Company has made the assessment that it controls the
                              company that provides simple digital tools for growing
                                                                                                                     investment fund. The underlying securities of these funds are
                              and managing your money. The Company’s investment in
                                                                                                                     classified as FVTPL.
                              Wealthsimple is primarily held through a limited partnership
                              controlled by Power. The investment is classified at fair value
                              through other comprehensive income. IGM Financial Inc.                                 Loans
                              holds directly and indirectly a 27.1% interest in Wealthsimple
                                                                                                                     The composition of the Company’s loans is detailed in Table 21.
                              (December 31, 2023 – 27.5%). In the first quarter of 2024,
                              the Company updated its methodology for calculating the                                Loans consisted of residential mortgages and represented
                              disclosure of its interest in Wealthsimple to use the treasury                         27.6% of total assets at March 31, 2024, compared to 27.4% at
                              method which includes options that are in the money.                                   December 31, 2023.

                               At March 31, 2024, the Company increased the fair value of                            Loans measured at amortized cost are primarily comprised
                              its investment in Wealthsimple to $722 million (December 31,                           of residential mortgages sold to securitization programs
                              2023 – $607 million). The increase in fair value is consistent                         sponsored by third parties that in turn issue securities to




                              Table 20: Other Investments




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                              March 31, 2024             December 31, 2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                             Cost          Fair Value         Cost       Fair Value

                              Fair value through other comprehensive income
                               Corporate investments                                                                                           $     267.0       $      836.5      $   264.9   $      721.4
                              Fair value through profit or loss
                               Equity securities                                                                                                       12.8                 13.3        12.8            13.1
                               Proprietary investment funds                                                                                          119.3              125.5          126.5          129.1
                                                                                                                                                     132.1              138.8          139.3          142.2
                                                                                                                                               $     399.1       $      975.3      $   404.2   $      863.6




                                                                   Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                                          39
                              C  36                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 21: Loans

     ($ millions)                                                                                                                    March 31, 2024    December 31, 2023

     Amortized cost                                                                                                                   $    5,089.7        $     5,109.4
     Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                      (0.7)                (0.7)
                                                                                                                                      $    5,089.0        $     5,108.7




     investors. An offsetting liability, Obligations to securitization                           under the CMB Program whereby the Company pays coupons
     entities, has been recorded and totalled $4.6 billion at                                    on Canada Mortgage Bonds and receives investment returns
     March 31, 2024, compared to $4.7 billion at December 31, 2023.                              on the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal, are recorded
                                                                                                 at fair value, and iii) cash reserves held under the ABCP
     The Company holds loans pending sale or securitization. Loans
                                                                                                 program are carried at amortized cost.
     measured at fair value through profit or loss are residential
     mortgages held temporarily by the Company pending sale.                                     In the first quarter of 2024, the Company securitized loans
     Loans held for securitization are carried at amortized cost.                                through its mortgage banking operations with cash proceeds
     Total loans being held pending sale or securitization are                                   of $257.0 million compared to $327.7 million in 2023. Additional
     $394.4 million at March 31, 2024, compared to $375.5 million at                             information related to the Company’s securitization activities,
     December 31, 2023.                                                                          including the Company’s hedges of related reinvestment and
                                                                                                 interest rate risk, can be found in the Financial Risk section of
     Residential mortgages originated by IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                 this MD&A and in Note 7 to the Interim Financial Statements.
     are funded primarily through sales to third parties on a fully
     serviced basis, including Canada Mortgage and Housing
     Corporation (CMHC) or Canadian bank sponsored securitization                                Investment in Associates
     programs. At March 31, 2024, IG Wealth Management serviced                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc.
     $8.5 billion of residential mortgages, including $1.8 billion
                                                                                                 At March 31, 2024, the Company held a 2.4% equity interest in
     originated by subsidiaries of Lifeco.
                                                                                                 Lifeco. IGM Financial and Lifeco are controlled by Power.

                                                                                                 The equity method is used to account for IGM Financial’s
     Securitization Arrangements                                                                 investment in Lifeco, as it exercises significant influence. Changes
     Through the Company’s mortgage banking operations,                                          in the carrying value for the three months ended March 31, 2024
     residential mortgages are sold to securitization trusts                                     compared with 2023 are shown in Table 22.
     sponsored by third parties that in turn issue securities to
                                                                                                 On January 12, 2023, to partially fund the acquisition of an
     investors. The Company securitizes residential mortgages
                                                                                                 additional 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC, the Company sold
     through the CMHC sponsored National Housing Act
                                                                                                 15,200,662 common shares of Lifeco to Power for cash
     Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) and the Canada
                                                                                                 consideration of $553 million, which reduced the Company’s
     Mortgage Bond Program (CMB Program) and through Canadian
                                                                                                 equity interest in Lifeco from 4.0% to 2.4%. IGM Financial’s
     bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP)
                                                                                                 accounting gain on the sale of the Lifeco shares is $172.9 million
     programs. The Company retains servicing responsibilities and
                                                                                                 before-tax ($168.6 million after tax), consisting of $179.1 million
     certain elements of credit risk and prepayment risk associated
                                                                                                 recorded in the first quarter of 2023 and a decrease of
     with the transferred assets. The Company’s credit risk on its
                                                                                                 $6.2 million that was recorded in the second quarter of 2023.
     securitized mortgages is partially mitigated through the use
     of insurance. Derecognition of financial assets in accordance




                                                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                 China Asset Management Co., Ltd.
     with IFRS is based on the transfer of risks and rewards of
                                                                                                 The equity method is used to account for the Company’s 27.8%
     ownership. As the Company has retained prepayment risk and
                                                                                                 equity interest in ChinaAMC, as it exercises significant influence.
     certain elements of credit risk associated with the Company’s
                                                                                                 Changes in the carrying value for the three months ended
     securitization transactions through the CMB and ABCP
                                                                                                 March 31, 2024 are shown in Table 22. The change in Other
     programs, they are accounted for as secured borrowings. The
                                                                                                 comprehensive income of positive $3.8 million in the three
     Company records the transactions under these programs as
                                                                                                 months ended March 31, 2024, was due to a 0.2% appreciation
     follows: i) the mortgages and related obligations are carried
                                                                                                 of the Chinese yuan relative to the Canadian dollar.
     at amortized cost, with interest income and interest expense,
     utilizing the effective interest rate method, recorded over the                             ChinaAMC’s total assets under management, excluding
     term of the mortgages, ii) the component of swaps entered into                              subsidiary assets under management, were RMB¥




40 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                  C  37
                              Table 22: Investment in Associates

                                                                                                                                 March 31, 2024                                                         March 31, 2023
                              ($ millions)                          Lifeco    ChinaAMC Rockefeller        Northleaf          Other           Total        Lifeco    ChinaAMC          Northleaf       Other      Total

                              Three months ended
                              Carrying value, January 1         $   589.3     $ 1,885.3    $    844.8     $    301.8 $         38.0 $ 3,659.2 $           939.5     $    787.2        $   284.5   $   40.1 $ 2,051.3
                               Investment                                –            –            0.1              –              –           0.1              –       1,154.1               –         0.6    1,154.7
                               Disposition                               –            –              –              –              –             –       (391.6)               –              –           –    (391.6)
                               Dividends                            (12.3)        (73.0)             –           (7.9)             –        (93.2)         (11.5)         (69.2)              –           –     (80.7)
                               Proportionate share of:
                                 Earnings (losses) (1)(2)            22.8          26.9           (4.4)           7.1          (0.7)         51.7          20.6            28.1             5.1        (0.8)     53.0
                                 Other comprehensive
                                 income (loss) and other
                                 adjustments                          (1.6)         3.8          19.0               –              –         21.2           14.0           (5.3)              –           –       8.7
                              Carrying value, March 31          $   598.2     $ 1,843.0    $    859.5     $    301.0 $         37.3 $ 3,639.0 $           571.0     $ 1,894.9         $   289.6   $   39.9 $ 2,795.4

                              (1) The proportionate share of earnings from the Company’s investment in associates is recorded in the Wealth Management, Asset Management and Corporate and Other
                                  segment. The proportionate share of Lifeco earnings includes Lifeco other items of ($1.1) million in the first quarter of 2024 and $0.2 million in the first quarter of 2023.
                              (2) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings, net of Non-controlling interest, was $5.7 million for the first quarter of 2024 compared to $4.1 million in the
                                  first quarter of 2023.




                              2,088.7 billion ($391.4 billion) at March 31, 2024, representing                                 Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.
                              an increase of 14.5% (CAD$ 14.8%) from RMB¥ 1,823.6 billion                                      The Company, through an acquisition vehicle held by the
                              ($341.0 billion) at December 31, 2023. Mutual fund net flows,                                    Company’s subsidiary, Mackenzie, holds a 49.9% voting interest
                              which exclude subsidiary and institutional assets under                                          and a 70% economic interest in Northleaf. The acquisition
                              management, were RMB¥ 200.7 billion for the three month                                          vehicle is owned 80% by Mackenzie and 20% by Lifeco.
                              period ended March 31, 2024 (net flows obtained from Wind
                                                                                                                               Mackenzie and Lifeco have an obligation and right to purchase
                              Information Co., Ltd.).
                                                                                                                               the remaining equity and voting interest in Northleaf
                              On January 12, 2023, the Company acquired an additional                                          commencing in approximately five years from the acquisition
                              13.9% interest in ChinaAMC for cash consideration of                                             date and extending into future periods. The equity method
                              $1.15 billion from Power which increased the Company’s equity                                    is used to account for the acquisition vehicle’s 70% economic
                              interest in ChinaAMC from 13.9% to 27.8%.                                                        interest as it exercises significant influence. Significant
                                                                                                                               influence arises from board representation, participating in the
                              Rockefeller Capital Management
                                                                                                                               policy making process and shared strategic initiatives.
                              The financial results of Rockefeller are accounted for using
                              the equity method of accounting as the Company exercises                                         The Company controls the acquisition vehicle therefore it
                              significant influence arising from board representation,                                         recognizes the full 70% economic interest in Northleaf and
                              participation in the policy making process and shared                                            recognizes Non-controlling interest (NCI) related to Lifeco’s net
                              strategic initiatives.                                                                           interest in Northleaf of 14%.

                              Rockefeller’s client assets were USD $133.4 billion                                              Northleaf’s assets under management, including invested
                              ($180.7 billion) at March 31, 2024, representing an increase                                     capital and uninvested commitments, were $27.3 billion as
                              of 9.3% (CAD 11.8%) from USD $122.1 billion ($161.6 billion) at                                  at March 31, 2024, representing an increase of $0.7 billion or
                              December 31, 2023.                                                                               2.6% from $26.6 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                               during the three month period was driven by $0.7 billion in
                              On April 3, 2023, the Company acquired a 20.5% equity interest                                   new commitments and $0.5 billion related to foreign exchange
                              in Rockefeller for cash consideration of $835 million (USD                                       on USD denominated assets, offset in part by a decrease of
                              $622 million).                                                                                   $0.5 billion related to return of capital.




                                                                              Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                                        41
                              C  38                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Consolidated Liquidity and Capital Resources
     Liquidity
     Cash and cash equivalents totalled $500.1 million at March 31,                                Measures and Other Financial Measures), totalled $374.5 million
     2024 compared with $544.6 million at December 31, 2023 and                                    for the first quarter of 2024 compared to $344.1 million for the
     $516.4 million at March 31, 2023. Cash and cash equivalents                                   first quarter of 2023 and $351.8 million for the fourth quarter of
     related to the Company’s deposit operations were $2.0 million                                 2023. EBITDA before sales commissions excludes the impact of
     at March 31, 2024, compared to $0.6 million at December 31,                                   both commissions paid and commission amortization (Table 1).
     2023 and $1.1 million at March 31, 2023, as shown in Table 23.
                                                                                                   Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
     Client funds on deposit represents cash balances held by                                      after sales commissions (EBITDA after sales commissions), a
     clients within their investment accounts and with the offset                                  non-IFRS measure (see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other
     included in Deposit liabilities.                                                              Financial Measures), totalled $341.3 million in the first quarter
                                                                                                   of 2024 compared to $310.8 million in the first quarter of
     Working capital, which consists of current assets less current
                                                                                                   2023 and $325.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. EBITDA
     liabilities, totalled $443.5 million at March 31, 2024, compared
                                                                                                   after sales commissions excludes the impact of commission
     with $358.2 million at December 31, 2023 and $386.2 million at
                                                                                                   amortization (Table 1).
     March 31, 2023 (Table 24).
                                                                                                   Refer to the Financial Risk section of this MD&A for information
     Working capital, which includes unallocated capital, is utilized to:
                                                                                                   related to other sources of liquidity and to the Company’s
     • Finance ongoing operations, including the funding of sales                                  exposure to and management of liquidity and funding risk.
       commissions.
     • Temporarily finance mortgages in its mortgage banking
                                                                                                   Cash Flows
       operations.
                                                                                                   Table 25 – Cash Flows is a summary of the Consolidated
     • Pay interest related to long-term debt.
                                                                                                   Statements of Cash Flows which forms part of the Interim
     • Maintain liquidity requirements for regulated entities.
                                                                                                   Financial Statements for the quarter ended March 31, 2024.
     • Pay quarterly dividends on its outstanding common shares.                                   Cash and cash equivalents decreased by $44.5 million in the
     • Finance common share repurchases and retirement of                                          first quarter of 2024 compared to a decrease of $526.0 million
       long-term debt.                                                                             in 2023. Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued
     • Capital investment in the business and business acquisitions.                               operations of $30.5 million have been reclassified as assets
                                                                                                   held for sale on the balance sheet at March 31, 2023.
     IGM Financial continues to generate significant cash flows from
     its operations. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
     amortization before sales commissions (EBITDA before sales
     commissions), a non-IFRS measure (see Non-IFRS Financial




     Table 23: Deposit Operations – Financial Position

                                                                                                                                           2024          2023         2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                                                        Mar. 31       Dec. 31       Mar. 31




                                                                                                                                                                               PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     Assets
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                      $       2.0   $       0.6   $       1.1
      Client funds on deposit                                                                                                            3,023.2       3,365.7       4,210.9
      Accounts and other receivables                                                                                                         0.3           0.7           0.3
      Loans                                                                                                                                  8.3           9.3           9.5
     Total assets                                                                                                                    $ 3,033.8     $ 3,376.3     $ 4,221.8
     Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
      Deposit liabilities                                                                                                            $ 2,999.4     $ 3,344.2     $   4,191.5
      Other liabilities                                                                                                                    25.4          23.3          21.2
      Shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                   9.0           8.8           9.1
     Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                                                                      $ 3,033.8     $ 3,376.3     $ 4,221.8




42 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                    C  39
                              Table 24: Working Capital

                                                                                                                                                                            2024                2023           2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                                Mar. 31             Dec. 31         Mar. 31

                              Current assets
                               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                            $      500.1        $      544.6    $      516.4
                               Client funds on deposit                                                                                                                   3,023.2              3,365.7        4,210.9
                               Accounts receivable and other assets                                                                                                        477.6                431.6          457.6
                               Current portion of securitized mortgages and other                                                                                          957.8              1,020.8        1,098.9
                                                                                                                                                                         4,958.7              5,362.7        6,283.8
                              Current liabilities
                               Accounts and other payables                                                                                                                 630.2                712.9          635.2
                               Deposits and certificates                                                                                                                 2,998.4              3,343.1        4,190.3
                               Current portion of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                         886.6               948.5         1,072.1
                                                                                                                                                                         4,515.2             5,004.5         5,897.6
                              Working capital                                                                                                                       $      443.5        $      358.2    $      386.2




                              Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities                               Financing activities during the first quarter of 2024 compared
                              during the first quarter of 2024 compared to 2023 consist of                              to 2023 related to:
                              non-cash operating activities offset by cash operating activities:                        • An increase in obligations to securitization entities
                              • The add-back of amortization of capitalized sales                                         of $256.4 million and repayments of obligations to
                                commissions offset by the deduction of capitalized sales                                  securitization entities of $294.9 million in 2024 compared
                                commissions paid.                                                                         to an increase in obligations to securitization entities
                              • The add-back of amortization of capital, intangible and                                   of $196.2 million and repayments of obligations to
                                other assets.                                                                              securitization entities of $216.6 million in 2023.
                              • The deduction of investment in associates’ equity earnings                              • The purchase of 340,000 common shares in 2024 under
                                offset by dividends received.                                                             IGM Financial’s normal course issuer bid at a cost of
                                                                                                                          $12.0 million. There were no purchases in 2023.
                              • The add-back of pension and other post-employment
                                benefits offset by cash contributions.                                                  • The payment of regular common share dividends which
                                                                                                                          totalled $133.9 million in 2024, compared to $133.7 million
                              • Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other.
                                                                                                                          in 2023.
                              • The adjustment for other items in 2023 which included the
                                 gain on the partial sale of the Company’s investment in Lifeco.
                              • The deduction of restructuring provision cash payments.




                              Table 25: Cash Flows

                                                                                                                                                                       2024                  2023
                              Three months ended ($ millions)                                                                                                        Mar. 31                Mar. 31     Change

                              Operating activities
                               Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                     $       292.1       $        447.1           (34.7)%




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Income taxes paid                                                                                                                         (57.3)              (67.3)          14.9
                               Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities                                                                              (102.9)             (268.0)           61.6
                                                                                                                                                                        131.9                111.8           18.0
                              Financing activities                                                                                                                      (190.4)             (145.7)          (30.7)
                              Investing activities                                                                                                                        14.0              (492.1)          N/M
                              Change in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                        (44.5)             (526.0)           91.5
                              Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations, beginning of period                                                544.6           1,072.9              (49.2)
                              Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                                  500.1               546.9             (8.6)
                              Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end of period                                                                      –              30.5          (100.0)
                              Cash and cash equivalents, end of period – continuing operations                                                                  $       500.1       $        516.4            (3.2)%




                                                                         Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                                            43
                              C  40                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Investing activities during the first quarter of 2024 compared                              translation related to the Company’s investment in ChinaAMC
     to 2023 primarily related to:                                                               and Rockefeller.
     • The purchases of other investments totalling $22.9 million
       and sales of other investments with proceeds of                                           Capital Resources
       $34.6 million in 2024 compared to $21.6 million and
       $21.3 million, respectively, in 2023.                                                     The Company’s capital management objective is to maximize
                                                                                                 shareholder returns while ensuring that the Company is
     • An increase in loans of $246.6 million with repayments
                                                                                                 capitalized in a manner which appropriately supports regulatory
       of loans and other of $268.2 million in 2024 compared
                                                                                                 capital requirements, working capital needs and business
       to $135.8 million and $271.8 million, respectively, in 2023
                                                                                                 expansion. The Company’s capital management practices are
       primarily related to residential mortgages in the Company’s
                                                                                                 focused on preserving the quality of its financial position by
       mortgage banking operations.
                                                                                                 maintaining a solid capital base and a strong balance sheet.
     • Net cash used in additions to intangible assets was
                                                                                                 Capital of the Company consists of long-term debt and common
       $15.7 million in 2024 compared to $18.7 million in 2023.
                                                                                                 shareholders’ equity which totalled $9.3 billion at March 31, 2024,
     The first quarter of 2023 also included the investment in                                   compared to $9.1 billion at December 31, 2023. The Company
     ChinaAMC of $1,154.1 million and the sale of Lifeco shares                                  regularly assesses its capital management practices in response
     with proceeds of $552.7 million.                                                            to changing economic conditions.

                                                                                                 The Company’s capital is primarily utilized in its ongoing
     Accumulated Other                                                                           business operations to support working capital requirements,
                                                                                                 long-term investments made by the Company, business
     Comprehensive Income
                                                                                                 expansion and other strategic objectives. Subsidiaries subject
     Accumulated other comprehensive income totalled                                             to regulatory capital requirements include investment dealers,
     $464.6 million at March 31, 2024, compared to $356.6 million                                mutual fund dealers, exempt market dealers, portfolio
     at March 31, 2023, as detailed in Table 26.                                                 managers, investment fund managers and a trust company.
     Other comprehensive income for employee benefits in 2024                                    These subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum
     resulted from an increase in the discount rate by approximately                             levels of capital based on either working capital, liquidity
     0.20% and higher investment returns from the registered                                     or shareholders’ equity. The Company’s subsidiaries have
     pension plan assets.                                                                        complied with all regulatory capital requirements.

     The gain related to Other investments in 2024 is primarily due                              The total outstanding long-term debt was $2.4 billion at
     to a change in fair value of Wealthsimple of approximately                                  March 31, 2024, unchanged from December 31, 2023.
     19%. The change is consistent with the increase in public                                   Long-term debt is comprised of debentures which are senior
     market peer valuations, as well as Wealthsimple’s business                                  unsecured debt obligations of the Company subject to standard
     performance and revised revenue expectations.                                               covenants, including negative pledges, but which do not include
                                                                                                 any specified financial or operational covenants.
     Other comprehensive income for Investment in associates
     in 2024 was primarily related to the foreign exchange                                       The Company purchased 340,000 common shares during the
                                                                                                 three months ended March 31, 2024 at a cost of $12.0 million




     Table 26: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

                                                                                                                                                   Investment




                                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                    Employee             Other   in Associates
     ($ millions)                                                                                                    Benefits      Investments      and Other        Total

     2024
     Balance, January 1                                                                                         $      (14.0)      $    394.0     $     (63.7)   $   316.3
      Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                 27.4             97.8            23.1        148.3
     Balance, March 31                                                                                          $       13.4       $    491.8     $     (40.6)   $   464.6
     2023
     Balance, January 1                                                                                         $         4.3      $    309.7     $      48.8    $   362.8
      Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                  (0.9)            2.3             8.4          9.8
      Disposal of investment in associate                                                                                   –               –           (16.0)       (16.0)
     Balance, March 31                                                                                          $         3.4      $    312.0     $      41.2    $   356.6




44 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                     C  41
                              under its Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) (refer to Note 9 to                             These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
                              the Interim Financial Statements). The Company commenced                                  the securities of the Company and do not address market price
                              the NCIB on December 21, 2023 to purchase for cancellation                                or other factors that might determine suitability of a specific
                              up to 3 million of its common shares. The program will be used                            security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not
                              to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options issued under the                         reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities
                              Company’s stock option plan and for other capital management                              and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the
                              purposes.                                                                                 rating organization.

                              In connection with its NCIB, the Company has established an                               The A rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior unsecured
                              automatic securities purchase plan (ASPP) for its common                                  debentures by S&P is the sixth highest of the 22 ratings
                              shares. The ASPP provides standard instructions regarding how                             used for long-term debt. This rating indicates S&P’s view that
                              IGM Financial’s common shares are to be purchased under the                               the Company’s capacity to meet its financial commitment
                              NCIB during certain pre-determined trading blackout periods,                              on the obligation is strong, but the obligation is somewhat
                              subject to pre-established parameters. Outside of these pre-                              more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in
                              determined trading blackout periods, purchases under the                                  circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in
                              Company’s NCIB will be completed based upon management’s                                  higher rated categories.
                              discretion.
                                                                                                                        The A (High) rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior unsecured
                              Other activities in 2024 included the declaration of common                               debentures by Morningstar DBRS is the fifth highest of the
                              share dividends of $133.8 million or $0.5625 per share.                                   22 ratings used for long-term debt. Under the Morningstar
                              Changes in common share capital are reflected in the                                      DBRS long-term rating scale, debt securities rated A (High)
                              Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity.                               are of good credit quality and the capacity for the payment of
                                                                                                                        financial obligations is substantial, but of lesser credit quality
                              Standard & Poor’s (S&P) current rating on the Company’s senior
                                                                                                                        than AA. Entities in the A (High) category may be vulnerable to
                              unsecured debentures is “A” with a stable outlook. Morningstar
                                                                                                                        future events, but qualifying negative factors are considered
                              DBRS current rating on the Company’s senior unsecured
                                                                                                                        manageable.
                              debentures is “A (High)” with a stable rating trend.

                              Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an
                              independent measure of the credit quality of the securities of
                                                                                                                        Financial Instruments
                              a company and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and                             Table 27 presents the carrying amounts and fair values of
                              the capacity of a company to meet its obligations in accordance                           financial assets and financial liabilities. The table excludes fair
                              with the terms of each obligation. Descriptions of the rating                             value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not
                              categories for each of the agencies set forth below have been                             measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable
                              obtained from the respective rating agencies’ websites.                                   approximation of fair value. These items include cash and cash
                                                                                                                        equivalents, accounts and other receivables, certain other



                              Table 27: Financial Instruments

                                                                                                                                                      March 31, 2024                        December 31, 2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                      Carrying Value               Fair Value        Carrying Value        Fair Value

                              Financial assets recorded at fair value
                               Other investments
                                 – Fair value through other comprehensive income                                                   $       836.5         $      836.5           $      721.4     $      721.4




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                 – Fair value through profit or loss                                                                       138.8                138.8                  142.2            142.2
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                                             39.3                  39.3                  42.7              42.7
                              Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
                               Loans
                                 – Amortized cost                                                                                       5,089.0               4,998.0                5,108.7          5,070.8
                              Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                                             50.1                  50.1                  49.6              49.6
                              Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
                               Deposits and certificates                                                                                2,999.4               2,999.5               3,344.2           3,344.2
                               Obligations to securitization entities                                                                   4,647.4               4,641.5                4,687.8          4,695.7
                               Long-term debt                                                                                           2,400.0               2,410.9               2,400.0           2,453.4




                                                                         Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                                      45
                              C  42                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     financial assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, credit                        • Obligations to securitization entities are valued by
     facility, and certain other financial liabilities.                                          discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing
                                                                                                 market yields for securities issued by these securitization
     Fair value is determined using the following methods
                                                                                                 entities having similar terms and characteristics.
     and assumptions:
                                                                                               • Deposits and certificates are valued by discounting the
     • Other investments and other financial assets and financial
                                                                                                 contractual cash flows using market interest rates currently
       liabilities are valued using quoted prices from active markets,
                                                                                                 offered for deposits with similar terms and credit risks.
       when available. When a quoted market price is not readily
       available, valuation techniques are used that require                                   • Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each
       assumptions related to discount rates and the timing and                                  debenture available in the market.
       amount of future cash flows. Wherever possible, observable                              • Derivative financial instruments are valued based on quoted
       market inputs are used in the valuation techniques.                                       market prices, where available, prevailing market rates for
     • Loans classified as held for trading are valued using market                              instruments with similar characteristics and maturities, or
       interest rates for loans with similar credit risk and maturity,                           discounted cash flow analysis.

       specifically lending rates offered to retail borrowers by                               See Note 14 of the Interim Financial Statements which provides
       financial institutions.                                                                 additional discussion on the determination of fair value of
     • Loans classified as amortized cost are valued by discounting                            financial instruments.
       the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields.
                                                                                               Although there were changes to both the carrying values and
     • Valuation methods used for Other investments classified
                                                                                               fair values of financial instruments, these changes did not have
       as fair value through other comprehensive income include
                                                                                               a material impact on the financial condition of the Company for
       comparison to market transactions with arm’s length third
                                                                                               the three months ended March 31, 2024.
       parties, use of market multiples, and discounted cash
       flow analysis.




                                                                                                                                                                  PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




46 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                            C  43
                              Risk Management
                              IGM Financial is exposed to a variety of risks that are inherent                    • The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee oversees
                              in our business activities. Our ability to manage these risks                          conflicts of interest.
                              is key to our ongoing success. The Company emphasizes a
                                                                                                                  Management oversight for risk management resides with the
                              strong risk management culture and the implementation
                                                                                                                  Executive Risk Management Committee which is comprised
                              of an effective risk management approach. Our approach
                                                                                                                  of the Chief Executive Officers of IGM Financial, IG Wealth
                              coordinates risk management across the organization and its
                                                                                                                  Management and Mackenzie Investments, the Chief Financial
                              business units and seeks to ensure prudent and measured risk-
                                                                                                                  Officer, the General Counsel, the Chief Operating Officer, the
                              taking in order to achieve an appropriate balance between risk
                                                                                                                  Chief Information Officer, the Chief Human Resources Officer,
                              and return. Fundamental to our enterprise risk management
                                                                                                                  and the Chief Risk Officer, who reports to the Chief Executive
                              program is protecting and enhancing our reputation.
                                                                                                                  Officer of IGM Financial. The committee is responsible for
                                                                                                                  oversight of IGM Financial’s risk management process by:
                              Risk Management Framework                                                           i) establishing and maintaining the risk framework and policy;
                              The Company’s risk management approach is undertaken                                ii) defining the risk appetite; iii) ensuring our risk profile and
                              through our comprehensive Risk Management Framework                                 processes are aligned with corporate strategy and risk appetite;
                              which is composed of four core elements: risk governance,                           and iv) establishing “tone at the top” and reinforcing a strong
                              risk appetite, a defined risk management process, and risk                          culture of risk management.
                              management culture. The Risk Management Framework is                                The Chief Executive Officers of the operating companies have
                              approved by the Board of Directors.                                                 overall responsibility for overseeing risk management of their
                                                                                                                  respective companies.
                              Risk Governance
                                                                                                                  The Company has assigned responsibility for risk management
                              Our risk governance structure emphasizes ownership of                               using the Three Lines of Defence model, with the First Line
                              risk management in each business unit and oversight by an                           reflecting the business units having primary responsibility
                              Executive Risk Management Committee accountable to the Risk                         for risk management, supported by Second Line risk
                              Committee of the Board (Risk Committee) and ultimately to the                       management functions and a Third Line (the Internal Audit
                              Board of Directors. Additional oversight is provided by the Risk,                   function) providing assurance and validation of the design
                              Compliance and Internal Audit functions.                                            and effectiveness of the Risk Management Framework.

                              The Risk Committee provides primary oversight and carries
                                                                                                                  First Line of Defence
                              out its risk management mandate. The Risk Committee is
                                                                                                                  The leaders of the various business units and support
                              responsible for assisting the Board in reviewing and overseeing
                                                                                                                  functions have primary ownership and accountability for the
                              the risk governance structure and risk management program of
                                                                                                                  ongoing risk management associated with their respective
                              the Company by: i) ensuring that appropriate procedures are in
                                                                                                                  activities. Responsibilities of business unit and support function
                              place to identify and manage risks and establish risk appetite,
                                                                                                                  leaders include: i) executing and maintaining procedures for
                              ii) ensuring that appropriate policies, procedures and controls
                                                                                                                  the identification, assessment, documentation and escalation
                              are implemented to manage risks, and iii) reviewing the risk
                                                                                                                  of risks, ii) implementing control activities to mitigate risks,
                              management process on a regular basis to ensure that it is
                                                                                                                  iii) identifying opportunities for risk reduction or transfer, and
                              functioning effectively.
                                                                                                                  iv) aligning business and operational strategies with the risk
                              Other specific risks are managed with the support of the                            culture and risk appetite of the organization as established by
                              following Board committees:                                                         the Executive Risk Management Committee.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              • The Audit Committee has specific risk oversight
                                                                                                                  Second Line of Defence
                                responsibilities in relation to financial disclosure, internal
                                controls and the control environment as well as our                               The Risk function, overseen by the Chief Risk Officer, provides
                                compliance activities, including administration of the Code                       oversight, analysis and reporting to the Executive Risk
                                of Conduct.                                                                       Management Committee on the level of risks relative to the
                                                                                                                  established risk appetite for all activities of the Company. Other
                              • The Human Resource Committee oversees human resources
                                                                                                                  responsibilities include: i) developing and maintaining the risk
                                and talent practices and policies including compensation.
                                                                                                                  management program and framework, ii) managing the risk
                              • The Governance and Nominating Committee oversees
                                                                                                                  management process, and iii) providing guidance and training
                                corporate governance practices.
                                                                                                                  to business unit and support function leaders.




                                                                   Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                 47
                              C  44                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     The Company has a number of committees of senior business                                 Risks are assessed by evaluating the impact and likelihood of
     leaders which provide oversight of specific business risks,                               the potential risk event after consideration of controls and any
     including the Financial Risk Management and Operational                                   risk transfer activities. The results of these assessments are
     Risk Management committees. These committees perform                                      considered relative to risk appetite and may result in action
     critical reviews of risk assessments, risk management practices                           plans to adjust the risk profile.
     and risk response plans developed by business units and
                                                                                               Risk assessments are monitored and reviewed on an ongoing
     support functions.
                                                                                               basis by business units and by oversight areas including the
     Other oversight accountabilities reside with the Company’s                                Risk function. The Risk function promotes and coordinates
     Legal and Compliance functions which are responsible for                                  communication and consultation to support effective risk
     ensuring compliance with policies, laws and regulations.                                  management and escalation. The Risk function regularly
                                                                                               reports on the results of risk assessments and on the
     Third Line of Defence                                                                     assessment process to the Executive Risk Management
     The Internal Audit function is the third line of defence and                              Committee and to the Risk Committee.
     provides independent assurance to senior management and
     the Board of Directors on the effectiveness of the Company’s                              Risk Management Culture
     risk management policies, processes and practices.
                                                                                               Risk management is everyone’s responsibility within the
                                                                                               organization. The Risk function engages all business units in
     Risk Appetite
                                                                                               risk workshops to foster awareness and to incorporate our risk
     The Company’s appetite for different types of risk is established                         framework into business activities.
     through the Risk Appetite Framework which is approved by
                                                                                               We have an established business planning process which
     the Board of Directors. Under the Risk Appetite Framework,
                                                                                               reinforces our risk management culture. Our compensation
     one of four appetite levels is established for each risk type and
                                                                                               programs are typically objectives-based, do not encourage or
     business activity of the Company. These appetite levels range
                                                                                               reward excessive or inappropriate risk taking, and often are
     from those where the Company has no appetite for risk and
                                                                                               aligned specifically with risk management objectives.
     seeks to minimize any losses, to those where the Company
     readily accepts exposure while seeking to ensure that risks                               Our risk management program emphasizes integrity, ethical
     are well understood and managed. These appetite levels guide                              practices, responsible management and measured risk-taking
     our business units as they engage in business activities, and                             with a long-term view. Our standards of integrity and ethics
     inform them in establishing policies, limits, controls and risk                           are reflected within our Code of Conduct which applies to
     transfer activities.                                                                      directors, officers and employees.

     The Risk Appetite Framework facilitates the alignment
     of business strategy with risk appetite, supports capital                                 Key Risks of the Business
     deployment assessments, and supports the identification,
                                                                                               Significant risks that may adversely affect our ability to achieve
     mitigation, and management of risks.
                                                                                               strategic and business objectives are identified through our
                                                                                               ongoing risk management process.
     Risk Management Process
                                                                                               Risks are identified based on our established methodology,
     The Company’s risk management process is designed to foster:                              considering factors both internal and external to the
     • Ongoing assessment of risks and tolerance in a changing                                 organization. These risks are broadly grouped into three
       operating environment.                                                                  categories: financial, operational, and strategic and business.
     • Appropriate identification and understanding of existing




                                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
       and emerging risks and risk response.
                                                                                               1) Financial Risk
     • Timely monitoring and escalation of risks based upon
       changing circumstances.                                                                 This is the risk of financial loss related to AUM&A, liquidity and
                                                                                               funding risk, credit risk, or market risk.
     Significant risks that may adversely affect the Company’s ability
     to achieve its strategic and business objectives are identified                           Risks Related to AUM&A
     through the Company’s ongoing risk management process.
                                                                                               At March 31, 2024, IGM Financial’s AUM&A were $252.2 billion
     We use a consistent methodology across our organizations                                  compared to $240.2 billion at December 31, 2023.
     and business units for identification and assessment of risks.




48 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                               C  45
                              The Company’s primary sources of revenues are advisory fees                          Fixed-income securities are exposed to interest rate risk.
                              and asset management fees which are applied as an annual                             An increase in interest rates causes market prices of fixed-
                              percentage of the level of AUM&A. AUM&A levels are impacted                          income securities to fall while a decrease in interest rates
                              by both net sales and changes in the market.                                         causes market prices to rise, thus impacting AUM&A, revenue
                                                                                                                   and earnings.
                              Global markets by their nature are subject to uncertainty
                              and a variety of risks. Movement in equity market prices,                            Foreign currency denominated securities are exposed to
                              foreign exchange rates, real asset values, interest rates/credit                     foreign exchange risk. A depreciation in foreign currency versus
                              spreads, or other asset values could cause the Company’s                             the Canadian dollar will cause the Canadian value of securities
                              AUM&A, revenue and earnings to decline. A general economic                           to fall while an appreciation in foreign currency versus the
                              downturn, market volatility, client rebalancing, poor investment                     Canadian dollar will cause the Canadian value of securities to
                              performance, or a lack of investor confidence could also lead to                     rise, thus impacting AUM&A, revenue and earnings.
                              lower sales, higher redemption levels and lower AUM&A.

                              The Company believes that exposure to investment returns on                          Liquidity and Funding Risk
                              its client portfolios is beneficial over the long term to financial                  This is the risk of an inability to generate or obtain sufficient
                              results and consistent with stakeholder expectations, and                            cash in a timely and cost-effective manner to meet contractual
                              therefore does not typically engage in risk transfer activities                      or anticipated commitments as they come due or arise.
                              such as hedging in relation to these exposures.
                                                                                                                   Our liquidity profile is structured to ensure we have sufficient
                              The Company’s exposure to market risk aligns with the                                liquidity to satisfy current and prospective requirements
                              experience of its clients. AUM are broadly diversified by                            in both normal and stressed conditions. Our liquidity
                              asset class, geographic region, industry sector, investment                          management practices include:
                              team and style. The Company regularly reviews the sensitivity
                                                                                                                   • Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near
                              of its AUM, revenues, earnings and cash flow to changes in
                                                                                                                      term liquidity needs.
                              financial markets.
                                                                                                                   • Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management
                              Domestic and foreign equity securities are exposed to equity                           processes.
                              price risk which may negatively impact AUM&A, revenues and
                                                                                                                   • Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
                              earnings. Equity price risk can be classified into two categories:
                                                                                                                   • Regular assessment of capital market conditions and the
                              general equity risk and issuer-specific risk. The Company’s
                                                                                                                     Company’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
                              internal and external fund managers reduce exposure to
                              issuer-specific risks through diversification.                                       • Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage
                                                                                                                     funding sources.




                              Table 28: IGM Financial AUM – Asset and Currency Mix

                                                                                                                                                                          Investment
                              As at March 31, 2024                                                                                                                             Funds     Total

                              Cash                                                                                                                                               0.7 %     2.2 %




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Short-term fixed income and mortgages                                                                                                              3.8       3.7
                              Other fixed income                                                                                                                               21.7       21.7
                              Domestic equity                                                                                                                                  20.7       25.8
                              Foreign equity                                                                                                                                   50.8       44.9
                              Real Property                                                                                                                                      2.3       1.7
                                                                                                                                                                              100.0 %    100.0 %
                              CAD                                                                                                                                              48.6 %     55.5 %
                              USD                                                                                                                                              35.5       31.4
                              Other                                                                                                                                            15.9       13.1
                                                                                                                                                                              100.0 %    100.0 %




                                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                          49
                              C  46                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     • Oversight of liquidity and funding risks by the Financial Risk                                Schedule I Canadian chartered banks totalled $800 million at
       Management Committee, a committee of finance and other                                        March 31, 2024, unchanged from December 31, 2023. The lines
       business leaders.                                                                             of credit at March 31, 2024 consisted of committed lines of
                                                                                                     $650 million and uncommitted lines of $150 million, unchanged
     A key funding requirement is the funding of advisor network
                                                                                                     from December 31, 2023. Any advances made by a bank
     compensation paid for the distribution of financial products
                                                                                                     under the uncommitted lines of credit are at the bank’s sole
     and services. This compensation continues to be paid from
                                                                                                     discretion. As at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the
     operating cash flows.
                                                                                                     Company was not utilizing its committed lines of credit or its
     The Company also maintains sufficient liquidity to fund and                                     uncommitted lines of credit.
     temporarily hold mortgages pending sale or securitization
                                                                                                     Schedule I Canadian chartered banks provided the Company
     to long-term funding sources and to manage any derivative
                                                                                                     with a non-revolving term loan facility related to the proceeds
     collateral requirements. Through its mortgage banking
                                                                                                     on the sale of IPC. The term loan facility was repaid prior to the
     operations, residential mortgages are sold to third parties
                                                                                                     sale of IPC.
     including certain mutual funds, institutional investors through
     private placements, Canadian bank-sponsored securitization                                      Management believes cash flows from operations, available
     trusts, and by issuance and sale of National Housing Act                                        cash balances and other sources of liquidity are sufficient to
     Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) including sales to                                         meet the Company’s liquidity needs. The Company continues to
     Canada Housing Trust under the CMB Program. The Company                                         have the ability to meet its operational cash flow requirements,
     maintains committed capacity within certain Canadian bank-                                      its contractual obligations, and its declared dividends. The
     sponsored securitization trusts. Capacity for sales under                                       current practice of the Company is to declare and pay dividends
     the CMB Program consists of participation in new CMB                                            to common shareholders on a quarterly basis at the discretion
     issues and reinvestment of principal repayments held in the                                     of the Board of Directors. The declaration of dividends by
     Principal Reinvestment Accounts. The Company’s continued                                        the Board of Directors is dependent on a variety of factors,
     ability to fund residential mortgages through Canadian bank-                                    including earnings which are significantly influenced by the
     sponsored securitization trusts and NHA MBS is dependent on                                     impact that market risk has on the Company’s fee income
     securitization market conditions and government regulations                                     and commission and certain other expenses. The Company’s
     that are subject to change. A condition of the NHA MBS and                                      liquidity position and its management of liquidity and funding
     CMB Program is that securitized loans be insured by an                                          risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2023.
     insurer that is approved by CMHC. The availability of mortgage
     insurance is dependent upon market conditions and is subject                                    Credit Risk
     to change.
                                                                                                     This is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a counterparty
     The Company accesses the unsecured long-term debt markets                                       to a transaction fails to meet its obligations.
     for corporate purposes, and ensures a well-diversified maturity
                                                                                                     The Company is exposed to credit risk through its cash and
     structure to manage associated funding risks.
                                                                                                     cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage portfolio,
     The Company’s contractual obligations are reflected in Table 29.                                and use of over-the-counter derivatives. The Company
                                                                                                     monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing
     In addition to IGM Financial’s current balance of cash and
                                                                                                     basis to evaluate their effectiveness.
     cash equivalents, liquidity is available through the Company’s
     lines of credit. The Company’s lines of credit with various



     Table 29: Contractual Obligations




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     As at March 31, 2024                                                                                                   Less than                            After
     ($ millions)                                                                                        Demand                1 Year          1–5 Years       5 Years         Total

     Derivative financial instruments                                                               $             –     $         11.2     $       38.8    $       0.1   $     50.1
     Deposits and certificates(1)                                                                         2,998.0                  0.3              0.5            0.6       2,999.4
     Obligations to securitization entities                                                                       –             875.4           3,765.0            7.0       4,647.4
     Leases(2)                                                                                                    –               29.7             87.4         100.4         217.5
     Long-term debt                                                                                               –                    –          525.0        1,875.0       2,400.0
     Total contractual obligations                                                                  $     2,998.0       $       916.6      $    4,416.7    $   1,983.1   $ 10,314.4
     (1) Deposits and certificates due on demand are primarily offset by client funds held on deposit.
     (2) Includes remaining lease payments related to office space and equipment used in the normal course of business.




50 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                          C  47
                              Cash and Cash Equivalents and Client Funds on Deposit                                   of whether such payments were received from the mortgage
                              At March 31, 2024, cash and cash equivalents of $500.1 million                          borrower. However, as required by the NHA MBS program,
                              (December 31, 2023 – $544.6 million) consisted of cash balances                         100% of the loans are insured by an approved insurer.
                              of $232.5 million (December 31, 2023 – $216.5 million) on                            • Credit risk for mortgages securitized by transfer to
                              deposit with Canadian chartered banks and cash equivalents                             bank-sponsored securitization trusts totalling $2.3 billion
                              of $267.6 million (December 31, 2023 – $328.1 million). Cash                           (December 31, 2023 – $2.3 billion) is limited to amounts held
                              equivalents are comprised of Government of Canada treasury                             in cash reserve accounts and future net interest income,
                              bills totalling $0.5 million (December 31, 2023 – $0.5 million),                       the fair values of which were $58.2 million (December 31,
                              provincial government treasury bills and promissory notes                              2023 – $58.0 million) and $35.7 million (December 31, 2023
                              of $58.8 million (December 31, 2023 – $36.4 million) and                               – $37.0 million), respectively, at March 31, 2024. Cash reserve
                              bankers’ acceptances of $208.3 million (December 31, 2023 –                             accounts are reflected on the balance sheet, whereas rights
                              $291.2 million).                                                                        to future net interest income are not reflected on the balance
                                                                                                                      sheet and will be recorded over the life of the mortgages.
                              The Company manages credit risk related to cash and cash
                              equivalents by adhering to its Investment Policy that outlines                       At March 31, 2024, residential mortgages recorded on balance
                              credit risk parameters and concentration limits. The Company                         sheet were 51.7% insured (December 31, 2023 – 50.7%). At
                              regularly reviews the credit ratings of its counterparties.                          March 31, 2024, impaired mortgages on these portfolios were
                              The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial                               $1.9 million, compared to $3.1 million at December 31, 2023.
                              instruments is their carrying value.                                                 Uninsured non-performing mortgages over 90 days on these
                                                                                                                   portfolios were $1.7 million at March 31, 2024, compared to
                              The Company’s exposure to and management of credit risk
                                                                                                                   $2.8 million at December 31, 2023.
                              related to cash and cash equivalents and fixed income securities
                              have not changed materially since December 31, 2023.                                 The Company also retains certain elements of credit risk
                                                                                                                   on mortgage loans sold to the IG Mackenzie Mortgage and
                              IG Wealth Management’s client funds on deposit of
                                                                                                                   Short-Term Income Fund through an agreement to repurchase
                              $3,023.2 million (December 31, 2023 – $3,365.7 million) are
                                                                                                                   mortgages in certain circumstances benefiting the funds. These
                              held with Schedule I chartered banks and approximately 93%
                                                                                                                   loans are not recorded on the Company’s balance sheet as
                              of the deposits were insured by the Canada Deposit Insurance
                                                                                                                   the Company has transferred substantially all of the risks and
                              Corporation at March 31, 2024.
                                                                                                                   rewards of ownership associated with these loans.
                              Mortgage Portfolio                                                                   The Company regularly reviews the credit quality of the
                              At March 31, 2024, residential mortgages, recorded on the                            mortgages and the adequacy of the allowance for expected
                              Company’s balance sheet, of $5.1 billion (December 31, 2023                          credit losses.
                              – $5.1 billion) consisted of $4.7 billion sold to securitization
                                                                                                                   The Company’s allowance for expected credit losses was
                              programs (December 31, 2023 – $4.7 billion), $394.4 million
                                                                                                                   $0.7 million at March 31, 2024, unchanged from December 31,
                              held pending sale or securitization (December 31, 2023 –
                                                                                                                   2023, and is considered adequate by management to absorb
                              $375.5 million) and $13.4 million related to the Company’s
                                                                                                                   all credit-related losses in the mortgage portfolios based on:
                              intermediary operations (December 31, 2023 – $11.5 million).
                                                                                                                   i) historical credit performance experience, ii) recent trends
                              The Company manages credit risk related to residential                               including increasing interest rates, iii) current portfolio credit
                              mortgages through:                                                                   metrics and other relevant characteristics, iv) our strong
                              • Adhering to its lending policy and underwriting standards;                         financial planning relationship with our clients, and v) stress
                              • Its loan servicing capabilities;                                                   testing of losses under adverse real estate market conditions.

                              • Use of client-insured mortgage default insurance and mortgage                      The Company’s exposure to and management of credit risk




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                portfolio default insurance held by the Company; and                               related to mortgage portfolios have not changed materially
                              • Its practice of originating its mortgages exclusively through                      since December 31, 2023.
                                a network of Mortgage Advisors and IG Wealth Management
                                advisors as part of a client’s IG Living Plan.                                     Derivatives
                                                                                                                   The Company is exposed to credit risk through derivative
                              In certain instances, credit risk is also limited by the terms and
                                                                                                                   contracts it utilizes to hedge interest rate risk, to facilitate
                              nature of securitization transactions as described below:
                                                                                                                   securitization transactions and to hedge market risk related
                              • Under the NHA MBS program totalling $2.4 billion                                   to certain stock-based compensation arrangements. These
                                (December 31, 2023 – $2.4 billion), the Company is obligated                       derivatives are discussed more fully under the Market Risk
                                to make timely payment of principal and coupons irrespective                       section of this MD&A.




                                                                     Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                51
                              C  48                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     To the extent that the fair value of the derivatives is in a                                 $18.7 million (December 31, 2023 – negative $12.5 million), on
     gain position, the Company is exposed to credit risk if its                                  an outstanding notional amount of $1.6 billion at March 31,
     counterparties fail to fulfil their obligations under these                                  2024 (December 31, 2023 – $1.4 billion). The net fair value
     arrangements.                                                                                of these swaps of negative $4.0 million at March 31, 2024
                                                                                                  (December 31, 2023 – negative $4.8 million) is recorded on
     The Company’s derivative activities are managed in accordance
                                                                                                  the balance sheet and has an outstanding notional amount
     with its Derivative Policy which includes counterparty limits and
                                                                                                  of $1.9 billion (December 31, 2023 – $1.6 billion).
     other parameters to manage counterparty risk. The aggregate
     credit risk exposure related to derivatives that are in a gain                            • The Company is exposed to the impact that changes
     position of $48.4 million (December 31, 2023 – $51.2 million)                               in interest rates may have on the value of mortgages
     does not give effect to any netting agreements or collateral                                committed to or held pending sale or securitization to
     arrangements. The exposure to credit risk, considering netting                              long-term funding sources. The Company enters into
     agreements and collateral arrangements and including rights                                 interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate risk related
     to future net interest income, was $0.3 million at March 31,                                to funding costs for mortgages held by the Company
     2024 (December 31, 2023 – $3.7 million). Counterparties are                                 pending sale or securitization. Hedge accounting is applied
     all Canadian Schedule I chartered banks and, as a result,                                    to the cost of funds on certain securitization activities. The
     management has determined that the Company’s overall credit                                  effective portion of fair value changes of the associated
     risk related to derivatives was not significant at March 31,                                 interest rate swaps are initially recognized in Other
     2024. Management of credit risk related to derivatives has not                               comprehensive income and subsequently recognized in
     changed materially since December 31, 2023.                                                  Wealth Management revenue over the term of the related
                                                                                                  Obligations to securitization entities. The fair value of
     Additional information related to the Company’s securitization                               these swaps was positive $1.9 million (December 31, 2023
     activities and utilization of derivative contracts can be found                              – negative $1.1 million) on an outstanding notional amount
     in Note 7 to the Interim Financial Statements and Notes 2, 7, 8                              of $181.3 million at March 31, 2024 (December 31, 2023 –
     and 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.                                             $181.5 million).

                                                                                               As at March 31, 2024, the impact to annual net earnings of a
     Market Risk
                                                                                               100 basis point increase in interest rates would have been an
     This is the risk of loss arising from changes in the values of the                        increase of approximately $0.7 million (December 31, 2023
     Company’s financial instruments due to changes in interest                                – increase of $0.5 million). The Company’s exposure to and
     rates, equity prices or foreign exchange rates.                                           management of interest rate risk have not changed materially
                                                                                               since December 31, 2023.
     Interest Rate Risk
     IGM Financial is exposed to interest rate risk on its mortgage                            Equity Price Risk
     portfolio and on certain of the derivative financial instruments                          IGM Financial is exposed to equity price risk on our equity
     used in our mortgage banking operations.                                                  investments which are classified as either fair value through
                                                                                               other comprehensive income or fair value through profit
     The Company manages interest rate risk associated with its
                                                                                               or loss, and on our investments in associates, which are
     mortgage banking operations by entering into interest rate
                                                                                               accounted for using the equity method. The fair value of
     swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks as follows:
                                                                                               the other investments was $1.0 billion at March 31, 2024
     • The Company has in certain instances funded floating rate                               (December 31, 2023 – $0.9 billion), as shown in Table 20,
       mortgages with fixed rate Canada Mortgage Bonds as part                                 and the carrying value of the investment in associates
       of the securitization transactions under the CMB Program.                               was $3.6 billion at March 31, 2024 (December 31, 2023 –
       As part of the CMB Program, the Company is party to a                                   $3.7 billion).




                                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
       swap whereby it is entitled to receive investment returns
                                                                                               The Company sponsors a number of deferred compensation
       on reinvested mortgage principal and is obligated to pay
                                                                                               arrangements where payments to participants are deferred
       Canada Mortgage Bond coupons. This swap had a fair value
                                                                                               and linked to the performance of the common shares of IGM
       of $14.7 million (December 31, 2023 – $7.7 million) and an
                                                                                               Financial Inc. The Company hedges its exposure to this risk
       outstanding notional amount of $0.3 billion at March 31,
                                                                                               through the use of forward agreements and total return swaps.
       2024 (December 31, 2023 – $0.2 billion). The Company
       enters into interest rate swaps with Canadian Schedule I
                                                                                               Foreign Exchange Risk
       chartered banks to hedge the risk that the interest rates
                                                                                               IGM Financial is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its
       earned on floating rate mortgages and reinvestment returns
                                                                                               investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to the
       decline. The fair value of these swaps totalled negative




52 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                               C  49
                              carrying value due to changes in foreign exchange rates are                        Technology underpins our business operations and the client,
                              recognized in Other comprehensive income. As at March 31,                          employee and advisor experience. As a result, we are exposed
                              2024, a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in Canadian currency                        to cyber security risks such as identity theft, compromise of
                              relative to foreign currencies would decrease (increase)                           technology systems and malicious software attacks. Globally,
                              the aggregate carrying value of foreign investments by                             the volume of these activities has increased and could
                              approximately $126.8 million ($140.1 million).                                     compromise confidential information of the Company and
                                                                                                                 its clients or other stakeholders and result in other negative
                              The Company’s proportionate share of ChinaAMC’s and
                                                                                                                 consequences including lost revenue, litigation, regulatory
                              Rockefeller’s earnings, recorded in Proportionate share
                                                                                                                 scrutiny or reputational damage. Our enterprise-wide cyber
                              of associates’ earnings in the Consolidated Statements of
                                                                                                                 security programs, benchmarking of capabilities to sound
                              Earnings, is also affected by changes in foreign exchange
                                                                                                                 industry practices, and threat and vulnerability assessment and
                              rates. For the period ended March 31, 2024, the impact to
                                                                                                                 response capabilities provide resiliency in addressing this risk.
                              net earnings of a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in Canadian
                              currency relative to foreign currencies would decrease
                              (increase) the Company’s proportionate share of associates’                        Third Party Risk
                              earnings by approximately $1.1 million ($1.2 million).                             This is the risk that exists due to the use of external parties to
                                                                                                                 assist or wholly perform activities necessary to the operations
                                                                                                                 and strategy of the business.
                              2) Operational Risk
                              This is the risk of financial loss, reputational damage or                         We regularly engage third parties to provide expertise and
                              regulatory actions resulting from inadequate or failed internal                    efficiencies that support our operational activities. Our
                              processes or systems, human interaction or external events.                        exposure to third party risk could include reputational,
                                                                                                                 regulatory and other operational risks. Policies, standard
                              We are exposed to a broad range of operational risks, including                    operating procedures and dedicated resources, including a
                              information security and system failures, errors relating to                       supplier code of conduct and material outsourcing policy, have
                              transaction processing, financial models and valuations, failure                   been developed and implemented to specifically address third
                              of key third parties, fraud and misappropriation of assets, and                    party risk. We perform due diligence and monitoring activities
                              inadequate application of internal control processes.                              before entering into contractual relationships with third parties
                              Operational risks relating to people and processes are                             and on an ongoing basis. As our reliance on third parties
                              mitigated through policies and process controls. Oversight of                      continues to grow, we continue to enhance resources and
                              risks and ongoing evaluation of the effectiveness of controls                      processes to support third party risk management.
                              is provided by the Company’s Risk, Compliance, and Internal
                              Audit functions.                                                                   Model Risk
                              The Company’s insurance governance process includes                                This is the risk of financial loss or reputational harm resulting
                              oversight by the Insurance Steering Committee and senior                           from conclusions and decisions based on incorrect or
                              executives. As part of this process, the nature and extent                         misused models.
                              of the Company’s insurance is regularly reviewed to ensure
                                                                                                                 We use a variety of models to assist in: the valuation of financial
                              coverage remains appropriate and complies with relevant laws,
                                                                                                                 instruments, operational scenario testing, management of
                              regulations, and contractual agreements.
                                                                                                                 cash flows, capital management, and assessment of potential
                              The business unit leaders are responsible for management of                        acquisitions. These models incorporate internal assumptions,
                              the day to day operational risks of their respective business                      observable market inputs and available market prices. Effective
                              units. Specific programs, policies, training, standards and                        controls exist over the development, implementation and




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              governance processes have been developed to help manage                            application of these models. However, changes in the internal
                              operational risk.                                                                  assumptions or other factors affecting the models could have
                                                                                                                 an adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated financial
                                                                                                                 position and reputation.
                              Technology and Cyber Risk
                              This is the risk related to unplanned downtime on critical
                                                                                                                 Legal and Regulatory Risk
                              business processes, loss of customer/business data and/or
                              the misalignment between the technology capabilities of the                        This is the risk of not complying with laws, contractual
                              organization and its business strategy.                                            agreements or regulatory requirements. These risks relate




                                                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                  53
                              C  50                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     to regulation governing product distribution, investment                                 Privacy Risk
     management, accounting, reporting and communications.
                                                                                              Privacy risk is the potential for access to, collection, use,
     The Company is subject to complex and changing legal, taxation                           transfer, disclosure and retention of personal information in
     and regulatory requirements, including the requirements of                               contravention of applicable laws, regulations and/or ethical
     agencies of the federal, provincial and territorial governments                          standards. We collect only the personal information that is
     in Canada which regulate the Company and its activities.                                 necessary to provide our products and services to clients, and
     The Company and its subsidiaries are also subject to the                                 where we have consent to do so.
     requirements of a single self-regulatory organization, the
                                                                                              If we need to share personal information with third parties, we
     Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization (CIRO). These
                                                                                              remain responsible for that information and protect it through
     and other regulatory bodies regularly adopt new laws, rules,
                                                                                              contractual and other measures that commit the service
     regulations and policies that apply to the Company and its
                                                                                              providers to maintain levels of protection comparable to ours.
     subsidiaries. These requirements include those that apply to
     IGM Financial as a publicly traded company and those that                                IGM Financial has established an enterprise Privacy Risk
     apply to the Company’s subsidiaries based on the nature                                  Management Framework to manage privacy risk. Our
     of their activities. They include regulations related to the                             Chief Privacy Officer (CPO) leads and oversees our privacy
     management and provision of financial products and services,                             program, partnering with cross-functional teams to develop
     including securities, insurance and mortgages, and other                                 and implement enterprise-wide policies, standards and
     activities carried on by the Company in the markets in which                             controls regarding the handling and safeguarding of personal
     it operates. Regulatory standards affecting the Company and                              information. Ultimately reporting to the CPO, the enterprise
     the financial services industry are significant and continually                          privacy team works with front-line business units to address
     evolve. The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to reviews                          privacy matters.
     as part of the normal ongoing process of oversight by the
                                                                                              Employees and advisors are required to complete mandatory
     various regulators.
                                                                                              privacy training at onboarding, and annually thereafter. The
     Failure to comply with laws, rules or regulations could lead                             training includes our privacy obligations, privacy best practices,
     to regulatory sanctions and civil liability, and may have an                             and how to prevent, handle and report privacy breaches,
     adverse reputational or financial effect on the Company. The                             complaints and access to information requests.
     Company manages legal and regulatory risk through its efforts
     to promote a strong culture of compliance. The monitoring of                             Contingencies
     regulatory developments and their impact on the Company is
                                                                                              The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the normal
     overseen by the Regulatory Initiatives Committee chaired by
                                                                                              course of its business. In December 2018, a proposed
     the General Counsel. The Company also continues to develop
                                                                                              class action was filed in the Ontario Superior Court against
     and maintain compliance policies, processes and oversight,
                                                                                              Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie) which alleges
     including specific communications on compliance and legal
                                                                                              that the company should not have paid mutual fund trailing
     matters, training, testing, monitoring and reporting. The
                                                                                              commissions to order execution only dealers. This action was
     Audit Committee of the Board receives regular reporting on
                                                                                              certified in January 2024. In August 2022, a second proposed
     compliance initiatives and issues.
                                                                                              class action concerning the same subject matter was filed
     The Company promotes a strong culture of ethics and integrity                            against Mackenzie.
     through its Code of Conduct approved by the Board of
                                                                                              In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one of
     Directors, which outlines standards of conduct that apply to
                                                                                              our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they were
     all IGM Financial directors, officers and employees. The Code
                                                                                              compromised due to a cybersecurity incident related to a
     of Conduct references many policies relating to the conduct




                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                              technology supplier to InvestorCOM, GoAnywhere. The Company
     of directors, officers and employees. Other corporate policies
                                                                                              has notified impacted clients and offered credit monitoring at no
     cover anti-money laundering and privacy. Training is provided
                                                                                              cost for two years to all clients. Four proposed class actions have
     on these policies on an annual basis. Individuals subject to
                                                                                              been filed against Mackenzie concerning this incident.
     the Code of Conduct attest annually that they understand the
     requirements and have complied with its provisions.                                      Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such legal
                                                                                              actions, based on current knowledge, management does not
                                                                                              expect the outcome of any of these matters, individually or in
                                                                                              aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
                                                                                              consolidated financial position.




54 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                              C  51
                              People Risk                                                                         On a regular basis, the Company tests business continuity
                                                                                                                  and disaster recovery plans as well as conducting crisis
                              This risk refers to the potential inability to: attract or retain
                                                                                                                  simulation exercises.
                              employees or Wealth Management advisors; have a diverse,
                              equitable and inclusive workforce; provide development
                              opportunities to achieve current and future business                                3) Strategic and Business Risk
                              objectives; support employee wellbeing and engagement;
                                                                                                                  This is the risk of potential adverse impacts resulting from
                              and sustain ongoing personnel or business succession and/or
                                                                                                                  factors in the external environment or related to the strategy
                              transition plans.
                                                                                                                  or specific business activities of the Company.
                              We manage this risk through competitive compensation and
                              benefit offerings, training and development programs, and                           General Business Conditions
                              periodic employee and advisor surveys.
                                                                                                                  This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts on
                              We have a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Strategy with the                         IGM Financial resulting from competitive or other external
                              purpose of driving an inclusive, equitable and consistent                           factors relating to the marketplace.
                              experience for employees, Wealth Management advisors,
                                                                                                                  Global economic conditions, changes in equity markets,
                              and clients that supports our business objectives now and
                                                                                                                  inflation and demographics can affect investor confidence,
                              into the future. To achieve the desired outcomes, we focus on
                                                                                                                  income levels and savings. In addition, geopolitical risk,
                              three pillars of action: raising awareness; improving inclusive
                                                                                                                  government instability and other factors can influence
                              leadership behaviours; and building external partnerships and
                                                                                                                  inflation, interest rates, global economic growth, and business
                              community engagement.
                                                                                                                  conditions in markets in which the Company operates. These
                              We also have a Wellness Strategy to support our employees’                          environments could result in reduced sales of IGM Financial’s
                              wellbeing with a goal to ensure our employees are physically                        products and services and/or result in investors redeeming
                              thriving, emotionally balanced, socially connected and                              their investments. These factors may also affect the level and
                              financially secure.                                                                 volatility of financial markets and the value of the Company’s
                                                                                                                  AUM, as described more fully under the Risks Related to
                              Business Continuity Management                                                      AUM&A section of this MD&A.

                              This is the risk that the organization cannot effectively                           To manage this risk, the Company, across its operating
                              recover and maintain critical business processes in the event                       subsidiaries, communicates with clients and underscores
                              of a disruption (internal, third-party, physical or natural                         the importance of financial planning across economic cycles.
                              circumstances) or respond to a crisis or emergency event.                           The Company and the industry continue to take steps to
                                                                                                                  educate Canadian investors on the merits of financial planning,
                              A business continuity management program ensures the
                                                                                                                  diversification and long-term investing. In periods of volatility,
                              Company’s critical processes function in the event of a
                                                                                                                  Wealth Management advisors and independent financial
                              business disruption.
                                                                                                                  advisors play a key role in assisting investors in maintaining
                              The Company’s crisis response plan outlines policies and                            perspective and focus on their long-term objectives.
                              procedures to address situations that could significantly impact
                                                                                                                  Redemption rates for long-term funds are summarized in
                              the organization’s reputation, brands or business operations.
                                                                                                                  Table 30 and are discussed in the Wealth Management and
                              A crisis assessment team comprised of senior leadership is
                                                                                                                  the Asset Management Segment Operating Results sections
                              responsible for setting strategy, overseeing response and
                                                                                                                  of this MD&A.
                              ensuring appropriate subject matter experts are engaged in
                              scenario-dependent crisis response teams.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Table 30: Twelve Month Trailing Redemption Rate for Long-term Funds

                                                                                                                                                                           2024      2023
                                                                                                                                                                         Mar. 31    Mar. 31

                              IGM Financial Inc.
                               IG Wealth Management                                                                                                                        12.7 %     10.7 %
                               Mackenzie                                                                                                                                   18.2 %     16.1 %




                                                                   Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                         55
                              C  52                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Strategy Setting                                                                          could have an adverse impact upon the Company’s financial
                                                                                               position and operating results. Please refer to The Competitive
     This is the risk of failing to set or meet appropriate strategic
                                                                                               Landscape section of this MD&A for further discussion.
     objectives resulting in an impact on business performance.
                                                                                               We provide Wealth Management advisors, independent
     IGM Financial believes in the importance of good corporate
                                                                                               financial advisors, as well as retail and institutional clients
     governance and the central role played by directors in
                                                                                               with a high level of service and support and a broad range
     the governance process. We believe that sound corporate
                                                                                               of investment products, with a focus on building enduring
     governance is essential to the well-being of the Company and
                                                                                               relationships. The Company’s subsidiaries also continually
     our shareholders.
                                                                                               review their respective product and service offering and
     Oversight of IGM Financial is performed by the Board of                                   pricing to ensure competitiveness in the marketplace.
     Directors directly and through its five committees. The
                                                                                               We strive to deliver strong investment performance on our
     Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer has overall
                                                                                               products relative to benchmarks and peers. Poor investment
     responsibility for management of the Company. The Company’s
                                                                                               performance relative to benchmarks or peers could reduce
     activities are carried out principally by two operating
                                                                                               the level of AUM and sales and asset retention, as well as
     companies – Investors Group Inc. and Mackenzie Financial
                                                                                               adversely impact our brands and reputation. Meaningful and/
     Corporation – each of which are managed by a President and
                                                                                               or sustained underperformance could affect the Company’s
     Chief Executive Officer. The Company also has a strategy
                                                                                               results. Our objective is to cultivate investment processes and
     execution oversight function and committee that reviews
                                                                                               disciplines that give us a competitive advantage, and we do this
     and approves strategic initiative business cases and oversees
                                                                                               by diversifying our AUM and product shelf by investment team,
     progress against our strategic priorities and objectives.
                                                                                               brand, asset class, mandate, style and geographic region.
     The President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
     in collaboration with the Board of Directors, is responsible                              Business / Client Relationships
     each year to develop, review and update the Company’s                                     This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts on
     strategic plan. The strategic plan sets out both the annual and                           IGM Financial resulting from changes to key business or client
     longer-term objectives for the Company in light of emerging                               relationships. These relationships primarily include IG Wealth
     opportunities and risks and with a view to the Company’s                                  Management clients and advisors, Mackenzie retail distribution,
     sustained profitable growth and long-term value creation.                                 strategic and significant business partners, clients of Mackenzie
     The Board is responsible for approving the Company’s overall                              funds, and sub-advisors and other product suppliers.
     business strategy. In carrying out this responsibility, the Board
                                                                                               IG Wealth Management derives all of its investment fund
     reviews the short-, medium- and long-term risks associated
                                                                                               sales, insurance sales, and mortgage and banking sales
     with the strategic plan, considers the strengths and potential
                                                                                               through its advisor network. IG Wealth Management advisors
     weaknesses of trends and opportunities, and approves the
                                                                                               have regular direct contact with clients which can lead to a
     Company’s annual business, financial and capital management
                                                                                               strong and personal client relationship based on the client’s
     plans. A portion of each Board meeting is dedicated to
                                                                                               confidence in that individual advisor. The market for advisors is
     discussion of strategic matters including receiving updates on
                                                                                               extremely competitive. The loss of a significant number of key
     the progress and implementation of the strategic plan.
                                                                                               advisors could lead to the loss of client accounts which could
                                                                                               have an adverse effect on IG Wealth Management’s results
     Competitive Risk                                                                          of operations and business prospects, as well as our culture
     Product / Service Offering                                                                and ability to attract key advisors. IG Wealth Management is
     This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts on                             focused on strengthening its distribution network of advisors
     IGM Financial resulting from inadequate product or service                                and on responding to the complex financial needs of its clients




                                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     performance, quality or breadth.                                                          by delivering a diverse range of products and services in the
                                                                                               context of personalized financial advice.
     IGM Financial and its subsidiaries operate in a highly
     competitive environment, competing with other financial                                   Mackenzie derives the majority of its mutual fund sales through
     service providers, investment managers and product and                                    third party financial advisors. Financial advisors generally
     service types. Client development and retention can be                                    offer their clients investment products in addition to, and in
     influenced by a number of factors, including investment                                   competition with Mackenzie. Mackenzie also derives sales
     performance, products and services offered by competitors,                                of its investment products and services from its strategic
     relative service levels, relative pricing, product attributes,                            alliance and institutional clients. Due to the nature of the
     reputation and actions taken by competitors. This competition                             distribution relationship in these relationships and the relative




56 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                   C  53
                              size of these accounts, gross sale and redemption activity                           Acquisition Risk
                              can be more pronounced in these accounts than in a retail
                                                                                                                   This risk refers to the potential that desired objectives are
                              relationship. Mackenzie’s ability to market its investment
                                                                                                                   not attained from the Company’s acquisitions and strategic
                              products is highly dependent on continued access to these
                                                                                                                   investments. The Company undertakes thorough due diligence
                              distribution networks. Lack of access could have a material
                                                                                                                   prior to completing an acquisition, but there is no assurance
                              adverse effect on Mackenzie’s operating results and business
                                                                                                                   that the Company will achieve the expected strategic objectives
                              prospects. Mackenzie is well positioned to manage this risk and
                                                                                                                   or cost and revenue synergies subsequent to an acquisition.
                              to continue to build and enhance its distribution relationships.
                                                                                                                   Subsequent changes in the economic environment and other
                              Mackenzie’s diverse portfolio of financial products and its long-
                                                                                                                   unanticipated factors may affect the Company’s ability to
                              term investment performance record, marketing, educational
                                                                                                                   achieve expected earnings growth or expense reductions.
                              and service support has made Mackenzie one of Canada’s
                                                                                                                   The success of an acquisition and of the Company’s strategic
                              leading investment management companies. These factors
                                                                                                                   investments is dependent on retaining AUM, clients, and key
                              are discussed further in the Asset Management Review of the
                                                                                                                   employees of an acquired company.
                              Business section of this MD&A.

                                                                                                                   Natural or Human Caused Disasters
                              Regulatory Development Risk
                                                                                                                   This is the risk that events such as earthquakes, floods, fire,
                              This is the potential for changes to regulatory, legal, or tax
                                                                                                                   tornadoes, pandemics, or terrorism could adversely affect the
                              requirements that may have an adverse impact on the
                                                                                                                   Company’s financial performance.
                              Company’s business activities or financial results.
                                                                                                                   Catastrophic events can cause economic uncertainty,
                              We are exposed to the risk of changes in laws, taxation and
                                                                                                                   affect investor confidence, income levels and financial
                              regulation that could have an adverse impact on the Company.
                                                                                                                   planning decisions. This could affect the level and volatility
                              Particular regulatory initiatives may have the effect of making
                                                                                                                   of financial markets and the level of the Company’s AUM&A.
                              the products of the Company’s subsidiaries appear to be
                                                                                                                   The Company has an insurance review process where it
                              less competitive than the products of other financial service
                                                                                                                   assesses and determines the nature and extent of insurance
                              providers, to third party distribution channels and to clients.
                                                                                                                   that is appropriate to provide adequate protection against
                              Regulatory differences that may impact the competitiveness
                                                                                                                   unexpected losses, and where it is required by law, regulators
                              of the Company’s products include regulatory costs, tax
                                                                                                                   or contractual agreements.
                              treatment, disclosure requirements, transaction processes or
                              other differences that may be as a result of differing regulation
                              or application of regulation. Regulatory developments may                            Environmental and Social Risk
                              also impact product structures, pricing, and dealer and advisor                      (Including Climate Change)
                              compensation. In July, 2023, the China Securities Regulatory                         This is the potential for financial loss or other unfavourable
                              Commission (CSRC) initiated a work plan for the fee reform                           impacts resulting from the Company’s inability to manage
                              of the mutual fund industry, which the CSRC has indicated is                         or respond to changing environmental or social (E&S) issues
                              designed to continue to promote the high-quality development                         connected to our business operations, investment activities,
                              of the Chinese investment fund industry. Concurrently,                               meeting our sustainability commitments, and increasingly for
                              ChinaAMC announced fee reductions on certain mutual funds.                           regulatory compliance. We recognize that E&S risks can be
                              These reductions reduce the revenues of ChinaAMC and                                 within our operations or impact stakeholders along our supply
                              impact the earnings that IGM Financial recognizes related to                         chain, including clients, investee companies and suppliers.
                              its investment in ChinaAMC. These changes are not expected
                                                                                                                   On March 13, 2024, the Canadian Sustainability Standards
                              to be material to IGM Financial. We believe these changes will
                                                                                                                   Board (CSSB) released its first two proposed Canadian




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              help encourage broader participation of retail and institutional
                                                                                                                   sustainability disclosure standards: Canadian Sustainability
                              investors in the development of a fast growing industry.
                                                                                                                   Disclosure Standard (CSDS) 1 – General Requirements for
                              While the Company and its subsidiaries actively monitor such
                                                                                                                   Disclosure of Sustainability-related Financial Information and
                              initiatives, and where feasible comment upon or discuss them
                                                                                                                   CSDS 2 – Climate-related Disclosures. CSDS 1 sets out the
                              with regulators, the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                   general requirements for disclosing material information about
                              to mitigate the imposition of differential regulatory treatment of
                                                                                                                   sustainability-related risks and opportunities to meet investor
                              financial products or services is limited.
                                                                                                                   information needs, and CSDS 2 sets out specific disclosure
                              The Company continuously monitors regulatory developments,                           requirements for climate-related risks and opportunities and is
                              guidance and communications.                                                         designed to be used with CSDS 1. The proposed standards are




                                                                    Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                              57
                              C  54                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     aligned with the previously issued International Sustainability                          which include a framework for consistent, voluntary climate-
     Standards Board (ISSB) standards with the exception of                                   related financial disclosures that provide decision-useful
     a Canadian-specific effective date of January 1, 2025 and                                information to investors, analysts, rating agencies and other
     transition relief. The proposed standards are voluntary until                            stakeholders. Various global regulators and standard setting
     required by the Canadian Securities Administrators. The                                  bodies, including the International Sustainability Standards
     Company will continue to monitor any updates and future                                  Board, are publishing guidelines and standards aligned with
     developments.                                                                            the TCFD recommendations.

     Environmental risks include issues such as climate change,                               TCFD Disclosure
     biodiversity and land use, pollution, waste, and the
                                                                                              The TCFD recommends that organizations disclose information
     unsustainable use of energy, water and other resources. Social
                                                                                              about climate-related risks and opportunities in four areas:
     risks include issues such as human rights; labour standards;
                                                                                              governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.
     diversity, equity and inclusion; Indigenous reconciliation; and
     community impacts.                                                                       Governance
     The Company’s Executive Risk Management Committee is                                     Our Board is responsible for providing oversight on risk and
     responsible for oversight of the risk management process,                                strategy, which includes sustainability and climate-related
     including E&S and climate change risks. The Executive                                    matters. The Board meets with management at least annually
     Sustainability Committee is responsible for ensuring central                             to discuss plans and emerging ESG issues, including climate.
     management governance for sustainability across IGM,
                                                                                              Through its Risk Committee, the Board is responsible for
     including policy and strategy, goals and targets, measuring
                                                                                              ensuring that material ESG and climate-related risks are
     progress, and reviewing public reports and disclosures.
                                                                                              appropriately identified, managed and monitored. Its
     Our commitment to responsible management is demonstrated                                 responsibilities include ensuring that appropriate procedures
     through various mechanisms. These include our Code                                       are in place to identify and manage risks and establish risk
     of Conduct for directors, officers and employees; our                                    tolerances; ensuring that appropriate policies, procedures and
     Supplier Code of Conduct; our Workplace Harassment and                                   controls are implemented to manage risks; and reviewing the
     Discrimination Prevention Policy; our Diversity Policy; our                              risk management process on a regular basis to confirm that it
     Environmental Policy; and other related policies.                                        is functioning effectively.

     IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments, and their                                Senior management at each of our operating companies
     investment sub-advisors, are signatories to the Principles for                           have primary ownership and accountability for the ongoing
     Responsible Investment (PRI). Under the PRI, investors formally                          climate risk and opportunity management associated with
     commit to incorporate environmental, social and governance                               their respective activities. Our Executive Risk Management
     (ESG) issues into their investment decision making and active                            and Executive Sustainability Committees perform oversight
     ownership processes. In addition, our operating companies                                functions, and our Chief Risk Officer oversees implementation
     have implemented Sustainable Investment Policies outlining                               of the Corporate Sustainability and Risk Management programs,
     the practices at each company.                                                           reporting into the President and Chief Executive Officer.

     IGM Financial reports annually on sustainability management                              Other management committees and working groups also
     and performance in its Sustainability Report available on                                oversee climate-related governance across the Company.
     our website.
                                                                                              Strategy
     IGM Financial is a long-standing participant in the CDP (formerly                        Through IGM Financial’s wealth and asset management
     Carbon Disclosure Project), which promotes corporate                                     businesses, the company plays a role in the global transition




                                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     disclosures on greenhouse gas emissions and climate change                               to a low-carbon economy, with a focus on three key areas:
     management including setting and monitoring emission
     reduction targets.                                                                       1. Investing in a greener, climate resilient economy – Our
                                                                                                 investment processes and products give us the opportunity
     Global practices are continually evolving relating to the                                   to manage climate risks and create innovative solutions to
     identification, analysis, and management of climate risks and                               our ongoing climate issues.
     opportunities. The Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on
     Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) was established                             2. Collaborating and engaging to help shape the global transition –
     in response to investor demand for enhanced information on                                  We play a role in bringing climate-smart investment advice
     climate-related risks and opportunities. IGM Financial and its                              and solutions to clients, helping companies adapt, and
     operating companies support the TCFD recommendations                                        participating in industry and policy advancements.




58 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                C  55
                              3. Demonstrating alignment through our corporate actions – We                        IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie, and their investment
                                 will hold ourselves to a similar standard that we expect from                     sub-advisors, are signatories to the PRI. Under the PRI, investors
                                 the companies we invest in and empower our employees to                           formally commit to incorporate ESG issues, including climate
                                 stand behind our commitments.                                                     change, into their investment decision making and active
                                                                                                                   ownership processes. In addition, IG Wealth Management and
                              Our operating companies are active participants in collaborative
                                                                                                                   Mackenzie have implemented sustainable investing policies
                              industry groups that support our climate commitments by
                                                                                                                   outlining the practices at their respective companies.
                              engaging companies on improving climate change governance,
                              reducing emissions and strengthening climate-related financial                       Opportunities
                              disclosures. IGM Financial also joined the Partnership for Carbon
                                                                                                                   We are focused on meeting growing demand for sustainable
                              Accounting Financials (PCAF) to support our journey to measure
                                                                                                                   investing and the opportunity to invest in the transition to
                              and disclose the greenhouse gas emissions associated with our
                                                                                                                   a net-zero economy. We are also increasing our focus on
                              mortgage loans and investments.
                                                                                                                   educating and communicating with clients and advisors on
                              Climate-related risks and opportunities are identified and                           sustainable investing and climate change.
                              assessed within IGM Financial through our business planning
                                                                                                                   At Mackenzie Investments, sustainable investing is an area of
                              processes which define our strategic priorities, initiatives and
                                                                                                                   strategic emphasis, and we have established a dedicated team
                              budgets. Our climate-related risks and opportunities can be
                                                                                                                   within Mackenzie’s Sustainability Centre of Excellence who bring
                              grouped into the physical impacts of climate change and the
                                                                                                                   focus to ESG and climate within asset management. Mackenzie
                              impacts related to the transition to a low-carbon economy.
                                                                                                                   has expanded its suite of funds investing to directly support
                                                                                                                   the transition to a low-carbon economy through its acquisition
                              Risks
                                                                                                                   of Greenchip, an investment boutique which is exclusively
                              Our climate risks relate primarily to the potential for physical
                                                                                                                   focused on thematic investing to combat climate change;
                              or transition risks to: negatively affect the performance of
                                                                                                                   the launch of the Betterworld team in 2021, that invests in
                              our clients’ investments, resulting in reduced fee revenue;
                                                                                                                   companies making a positive impact on the people and the
                              harm our reputation; create market risks through shifts in
                                                                                                                   planet, and funds prioritizing sustainability and ESG-labelled
                              product demand; or lead to new regulatory, legal or disclosure
                                                                                                                   debt, including green bonds.
                              requirements that could affect our business. Diversification
                              within and across our investment portfolios aids in managing                         IG Wealth Management has integrated environmental and
                              exposure to any one company, sector or geographic region that                        climate issues into its sub-advisory selection and oversight
                              might be exposed to climate-related risks. We are also exposed                       processes, and product development strategy. In 2021,
                              to the impact of extreme weather events on our corporate                             IG Wealth Management launched its Climate Action Portfolios,
                              properties which could lead to business disruption, and on                           a suite of four diversified managed solutions which aim to
                              the valuations of investment properties and client mortgages,                        provide clients with the opportunity to support and benefit
                              which if not addressed proactively, could affect financial                           from the global transition to net zero emissions.
                              performance and the ability to use the assets long-term.
                                                                                                                   Scenarios
                              Our operating companies are committed to sustainable investing
                                                                                                                   We have implemented tools for our investment funds to
                              programs and policies that include a focus on climate risk.
                                                                                                                   enhance our quantitative assessment of climate risks by
                              We provide data and tools for our investment teams to                                analyzing emissions and other climate-related information at
                              carry out current and forward-looking climate analysis and                           the investee company, asset class and portfolio levels. This
                              we integrate material climate risks into our investment and                          system enables us to model potential transition pathways and
                              oversight processes for investment management sub-advisors.                          track our portfolios against the goal of limiting global warming




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              As part of the hiring process and ongoing assessment of                              to 2°C above pre-industrial levels and examine the adequacy
                              sub-advisors, our teams request information about how ESG,                           of emissions reductions over time in meeting the goals of the
                              including climate risks and opportunities, is resourced, what                        Paris Agreement. We are exploring scenario analysis tools with
                              processes and tools are used, metrics and targets, and how                           external data providers to support us in our efforts to run
                              strategy and governance are influenced. As we continue to                            climate-related scenario analysis across our business.
                              implement the TCFD recommendations, we are devoting
                              increased resources to areas such as training, analysis, metrics,                    Risk Management
                              target-setting, strategy planning and working with collaborative                     The identification and assessment of risks, including climate
                              organizations.                                                                       change, is coordinated through the Risk function who provide
                                                                                                                   oversight, analysis and reporting on the level of risks relative to




                                                                   Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                   59
                              C  56                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     the established risk appetite of the Company. The Risk function                          engagement activities with companies facing transition risks. At
     identifies possible risks that could impact our business through                         IG Wealth Management, management evaluates the sustainable
     methods such as: (i) risk workshops with business units across                           investing practices of investment manager sub-advisors,
     the organization, (ii) risk surveys completed by senior leaders                          including the integration of climate risks into their investment
     and business unit management, (iii) discussions with key                                 and active ownership practice.
     stakeholders and business partners, and (iv) by conducting
     research on emerging risks and internal and external events                              Engagement

     impacting our business. We use a consistent methodology                                  To maximize stewardship efforts, engagement at Mackenzie is
     across our organizations and business units for identification                           undertaken through direct conversations between portfolio
     and assessment of risks, considering factors both internal and                           managers and companies/issuers; through Mackenzie firm-
     external to the organization. Risks are broadly grouped into                             wide engagements; and through collaborations with peers
     three categories: financial, operational, and strategic/business                         on initiatives where the collective investor voice has more
     risks. Climate risk is captured under strategic risks, but we are                        influence. At IG Wealth Management, investment management
     also increasingly focused on defining the relationship of climate                        sub-advisors including Mackenzie are responsible for
     risk to other risks.                                                                     engagement activities and IG Wealth Management monitors
                                                                                              their practices as part of regular due diligence and oversight.
     Once identified, possible risks are assessed by taking into
     consideration both the likelihood and severity of the impact                             Mackenzie Investments is a founding participant in Climate
     of the risk event using a standard set of assessment criteria                            Engagement Canada and participates in CERES’ Investor
     including consideration of financial, reputational, operational,                         Network on Climate Risk. Both Mackenzie and IG Wealth
     and regulatory/compliance impact. Based on the assessment,                               Management joined Climate Action 100+ and became
     the Risk function will consider our risk appetite and work with                          founding signatories to the Canadian Investor Statement
     the business to put in place measures to mitigate, transfer, or                          on Climate Change.
     accept the risk or capitalize on opportunities.
                                                                                              Metrics and Targets
     Risk assessments are monitored and reviewed on an ongoing
                                                                                              We set, monitor and report on climate change-related metrics
     basis by business units and by oversight areas including the
                                                                                              and targets annually in our CDP response and our Sustainability
     Risk function. The Risk function promotes and coordinates
                                                                                              Report which are available on our website. Mackenzie
     communication and consultation to support effective risk
                                                                                              Investments also joined the Net Zero Asset Managers initiative.
     management and escalation. It regularly reports on the results
     of risk assessments and on the assessment process to the                                 At Mackenzie, each boutique investment team is responsible
     Executive Risk Management Committee and to the Board                                     for integrating ESG into its investment process, including
     Risk Committee.                                                                          determining appropriate GHG emissions and other metrics to
                                                                                              assess climate-related risks and opportunities in investment
     At Mackenzie Investments, each boutique investment team is
                                                                                              strategies. The teams have access to ESG data tools and
     responsible for determining when and how climate transition
                                                                                              metrics to support their assessment.
     and physical risks are material, and for incorporating these
     risks into their investment process. We have focused on                                  We currently report Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions, where
     developing resources and tools to assess climate-related                                 possible, including a portion of our Scope 3 investment
     risks and opportunities for our Mackenzie managed equity                                 emissions and weighted average carbon intensity. We are
     portfolios. Through these tools we can assess historical                                 continuing to expand and enhance our measurement and
     greenhouse gas emissions data and portfolio temperature                                  reporting of emissions related to our investment portfolios
     alignment to identify the highest emitters and inform                                    as tools and information improves.




                                                                                                                                                                  PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




60 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                             C  57
                              The Financial Services Environment
                              Canadians held $6.2 trillion in discretionary financial assets with                  full service and discount brokerage subsidiaries. Bank branches
                              financial institutions at December 31, 2022 based on the most                        continue to place increased emphasis on both financial
                              recent report from Investor Economics. The nature of holdings                        planning and mutual funds. In addition, each of the “big six”
                              was diverse, ranging from demand deposits held for short-term                        banks has one or more mutual fund management subsidiaries.
                              cash management purposes to longer-term investments held for                         Collectively, mutual fund assets of the “big six” bank-owned
                              retirement purposes. Approximately 64% ($4.0 trillion) of these                      mutual fund managers and affiliated firms represented 46% of
                              financial assets are held within the context of a relationship with                  total industry long-term mutual fund assets at March 31, 2024.
                              a financial advisor, and this is the primary channel serving the
                                                                                                                   The Canadian mutual fund industry continues to be very
                              longer-term savings needs of Canadians. Of the $2.2 trillion held
                                                                                                                   concentrated, with the 10 largest firms and their subsidiaries
                              outside of a financial advisory relationship, approximately 60%
                                                                                                                   representing 71% of industry long-term mutual fund assets and
                              consisted of bank deposits.
                                                                                                                   70% of total mutual fund AUM at March 31, 2024. We anticipate
                              Financial advisors represent the primary distribution channel                        continuing consolidation in this segment of the industry as
                              for IGM Financial’s products and services, and the core                              smaller participants are acquired by larger organizations.
                              emphasis of our business model is to support these financial
                                                                                                                   We believe that the financial services industry will continue to
                              advisors as they work with clients to plan for and achieve their
                                                                                                                   be influenced by the following trends:
                              financial goals. Multiple sources of emerging research show
                              significantly better financial outcomes for Canadians who use                        • Shifting demographics as the number of Canadians in their
                              financial advisors compared to those who do not. We actively                           prime savings and retirement years continues to increase.

                              promote the value of financial advice and the importance of a                        • Changes in investor attitudes based on economic conditions.
                              relationship with an advisor to develop and remain focused on                        • Continued importance of the role of the financial advisor.
                              long-term financial plans and goals.                                                 • Public policy related to retirement savings.

                              Approximately 38% of Canadian discretionary financial assets                         • Changes in the regulatory environment.
                              or $2.4 trillion resided in investment funds at December 31,                         • A highly competitive landscape.
                              2022, making it the largest financial asset class held by                            • Advancing and changing technology.
                              Canadians. Other asset types include deposit products and
                              direct securities such as stocks and bonds. Approximately 73%
                              of investment funds are comprised of mutual fund products,                           The Competitive Landscape
                              with other product categories including segregated funds,                            IG Wealth Management competes directly with other retail
                              hedge funds, pooled funds, closed end funds and exchange                             financial service providers in the advice segment, including
                              traded funds. With $178 billion in investment fund AUM at                            other financial planning firms, as well as full service brokerages,
                              March 31, 2024, IGM Financial is among the country’s largest                         banks and insurance companies. Mackenzie Investments
                              investment fund managers. We believe that investment funds                           competes directly with other investment managers for AUM,
                              are likely to remain the preferred savings vehicle of Canadians.                     and our products compete with stocks, bonds and other asset
                              They offer the benefits of diversification, professional                             classes for a share of Canadians’ investment assets.
                              management, flexibility and convenience, and are available in a
                                                                                                                   Competition from other financial service providers, alternative
                              broad range of mandates and structures to meet most investor
                                                                                                                   product types or delivery channels, and changes in regulations
                              requirements and preferences.
                                                                                                                   or public preferences could impact the characteristics of
                              Traditional distinctions between bank branches, full-service                         our product and service offerings, including pricing, product
                              brokerages, financial planning firms and insurance agent sales




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                   structures, dealer and advisor compensation and disclosure.
                              forces have become obscured as many of these financial                               We monitor developments on an ongoing basis, and engage in
                              service providers strive to offer comprehensive financial                            policy discussions and develop product and service responses
                              advice implemented through access to a broad product                                 as appropriate.
                              shelf. Accordingly, the Canadian financial services industry
                                                                                                                   IGM Financial continues to focus on our commitment to provide
                              is characterized by a number of large, diversified, vertically-
                                                                                                                   quality investment advice and financial products, service
                              integrated participants, similar to IGM Financial, that offer both
                                                                                                                   innovations, effective and responsible management of the
                              financial planning and investment management services.
                                                                                                                   Company and long-term value for our clients and shareholders.
                              Canadian banks distribute financial products and services                            This includes efforts to modernize our digital platforms and
                              through their traditional bank branches, as well as through their                    technology infrastructure to enhance operations, achieve




                                                                    Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                  61
                              C  58                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     efficiencies and improve the service experience for our                                  Broad Product Capabilities
     clients. We believe that IGM Financial is well-positioned
                                                                                              Our subsidiaries continue to develop and launch innovative
     to meet competitive challenges and capitalize on future
                                                                                              products and strategic investment planning tools to assist
     growth opportunities.
                                                                                              advisors in building optimized portfolios for clients.
     Our competitive strength includes:
     • Broad and diversified distribution through more                                        Enduring Client Relationships
       than 35,000 financial advisors, with an emphasis on
                                                                                              IGM Financial enjoys significant advantages as a result of the
       comprehensive financial planning.
                                                                                              enduring relationships that advisors have developed with
     • Broad product capabilities, leading brands and quality                                 clients. In addition, our subsidiaries have strong heritages and
       sub-advisory relationships.                                                            cultures which are challenging for competitors to replicate.
     • Enduring client relationships and the long-standing
       heritages and cultures of its subsidiaries.
                                                                                              Part of the Power Corporation
     • Benefits of being part of the Power Corporation group                                  Group of Companies
       of companies.
                                                                                              As part of the Power Corporation group of companies,
                                                                                              IGM Financial benefits through expense savings from shared
     Broad and Diversified Distribution                                                       service arrangements, as well as through access to distribution,
     In addition to owning one of Canada’s largest financial                                  products and capital.
     planning organizations, IG Wealth Management, IGM Financial
     has, through Mackenzie, access to distribution through over
     30,000 independent financial advisors. Mackenzie also, in
     its growing strategic alliance business, partners with global
     manufacturing and distribution entities to provide investment
     management services.




     Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies
     Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates                                                 Future Accounting Changes
     There were no changes to the Company’s assumptions related                               The Company continuously monitors the potential changes
     to critical accounting estimates from those reported at                                  proposed by the International Accounting Standards Board
     December 31, 2023.                                                                       (IASB) and analyzes the effect that changes in the standards
                                                                                              may have on the Company’s operations.

     Changes in Accounting Policies                                                           The IASB is currently undertaking a number of projects which
                                                                                              will result in changes to existing IFRS standards that may affect
     IAS 12 – Income Taxes
                                                                                              the Company. Updates will be provided as the projects develop.
     The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 12 –
     Income Taxes effective May 2023 and has applied the exception




                                                                                                                                                                  PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     to recognizing and disclosing information about deferred
     tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two model rules
     published by the Organization for Economic Co-operation
     and Development (OECD).




62 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                             C  59
                              Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                              During the first quarter of 2024, there have been no changes
                              in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting that
                              have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
                              affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.




                              Other Information
                              Transactions with Related Parties                                                  SEDAR
                              There were no changes to the types of related party                                Additional information relating to IGM Financial, including
                              transactions from those reported at December 31, 2023.                             the Company’s most recent financial statements and Annual
                              For further information on transactions involving related                          Information Form, is available at www.sedarplus.ca.
                              parties, see Notes 3, 10 and 28 to the Company’s Annual
                              Financial Statements.


                              Outstanding Share Data
                              Outstanding common shares of IGM Financial as at March 31,
                              2024 totalled 237,796,813. Outstanding stock options as at
                              March 31, 2024 totalled 10,874,590 of which 7,449,098 were
                              exercisable. As at April 30, 2024, outstanding common shares
                              totalled 237,357,213 and outstanding stock options totalled
                              10,863,365 of which 7,437,873 were exercisable.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                          63
                              C  60                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     Consolidated Statements of Earnings
     (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)



     Three months ended March 31                                                                                                              2024            2023

     Revenues
      Wealth management (Note 4)                                                                                                       $   582,565    $   534,111

      Asset management                                                                                                                     241,866        236,154
      Dealer compensation expense                                                                                                          (80,092)       (79,326)
      Net asset management (Note 4)                                                                                                        161,774        156,828

      Net investment income and other                                                                                                       15,627         10,949
      Gain on sale of Lifeco shares (Note 8)                                                                                                     –        179,118
      Proportionate share of associates’ earnings (Note 8)                                                                                  51,700        53,044
                                                                                                                                           811,666        934,050
     Expenses
      Advisory and business development                                                                                                    265,627        245,641
      Operations and support                                                                                                               203,828        201,775
      Sub-advisory                                                                                                                          17,835         15,846
      Interest                                                                                                                              32,250         28,055
                                                                                                                                           519,540        491,317
     Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                          292,126        442,733
     Income taxes                                                                                                                           67,318         63,361
     Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                               224,808        379,372
     Net earnings from discontinued operations (Note 3)                                                                                          –          3,129
     Net earnings                                                                                                                          224,808        382,501
     Non-controlling interest (Notes 3, 8)                                                                                                  (1,423)         (1,163)
     Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                     $   223,385    $   381,338
     Earnings per share (in dollars) (Note 15)
      Net earnings available to common shareholders from continuing operations
        – Basic                                                                                                                        $      0.94    $      1.59
        – Diluted                                                                                                                      $      0.94    $      1.59
      Net earnings available to common shareholders
        – Basic                                                                                                                        $      0.94    $      1.60
        – Diluted                                                                                                                      $      0.94    $      1.60

     (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




64 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                        C  61
                              Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)



                              Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                                2024           2023

                              Net earnings                                                                                                                                        $   224,808    $   382,501

                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
                               Items that will not be reclassified to Net earnings
                                 Fair value through other comprehensive income investments
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 5), net of tax of $(15,266) and $(375)                                                                       97,815          2,408
                                 Employee benefits
                                  Net actuarial gains (losses), net of tax of $(10,082) and $355                                                                                       27,370           (963)
                                 Investment in associates – employee benefits and other
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of nil                                                                                                   (428)         1,043

                               Items that may be reclassified subsequently to Net earnings
                                 Investment in associates and other
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of $(401) and $689                                                                                     23,586          7,393
                                                                                                                                                                                      148,343          9,881
                              Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                          $   373,151    $   392,382

                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                     Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                                         65
                              C  62                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Consolidated Balance Sheets
     (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)



                                                                                                                                                March 31         December 31
                                                                                                                                                    2024               2023

     Assets
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                          $       500,128      $     544,633
     Other investments (Note 5)                                                                                                                 975,344            863,598
     Client funds on deposit                                                                                                                  3,023,187           3,365,722
     Accounts and other receivables                                                                                                             399,353             335,552
     Income taxes recoverable                                                                                                                    28,010              38,292
     Loans (Note 6)                                                                                                                           5,088,955           5,108,696
     Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                            39,343              42,729
     Other assets                                                                                                                               140,464             112,474
     Investment in associates (Note 8)                                                                                                        3,639,001           3,659,174
     Capital assets                                                                                                                             305,927             306,961
     Capitalized sales commissions                                                                                                              402,463            394,736
     Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                            600             3,232
     Intangible assets                                                                                                                        1,252,666           1,250,712
     Goodwill                                                                                                                                 2,636,771           2,636,771
                                                                                                                                        $    18,432,212      $   18,663,282

     Liabilities
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                                           $       372,158      $     444,690
     Income taxes payable                                                                                                                            2,313            9,535
     Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                            50,118              49,580
     Deposits and certificates                                                                                                                2,999,439           3,344,190
     Other liabilities                                                                                                                          376,977             394,926
     Obligations to securitization entities (Note 7)                                                                                          4,647,384           4,687,827
     Lease obligations                                                                                                                          170,071             169,940
     Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                      468,159             442,186
     Long-term debt                                                                                                                           2,400,000           2,400,000
                                                                                                                                             11,486,619          11,942,874

     Shareholders’ Equity
     Share capital
      Common shares                                                                                                                           1,688,397           1,690,626
     Contributed surplus                                                                                                                         58,788              57,926
     Retained earnings                                                                                                                        4,674,646           4,595,620
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                              464,633             316,290
     Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                    59,129              59,946
                                                                                                                                              6,945,593           6,720,408
                                                                                                                                        $    18,432,212      $   18,663,282

     These interim condensed consolidated financial statements were approved and authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors on May 2, 2024.

     (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                                                                                                                                                                               PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




66 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                  C  63
                              Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                                                                                  Accumulated
                                                                                               Share capital                                                             other
                                                                                                 – Common                                                       comprehensive              Non-                 Total
                                                                                                      shares         Contributed              Retained            income (loss)       controlling       shareholders’
                              Three months ended March 31                                            (Note 9)            surplus              earnings                (Note 12)         interest              equity

                              2024
                              Balance, beginning of period                                 $    1,690,626        $       57,926       $    4,595,620        $       316,290       $     59,946      $    6,720,408

                              Net earnings                                                                 –                     –           224,808                         –                 –           224,808
                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                –                     –                    –             148,343                    –           148,343
                              Total comprehensive income                                                   –                     –           224,808                148,343                    –           373,151

                              Common shares
                               Issued under stock option plan                                           185                      –                    –                      –                 –                185
                               Purchased for cancellation                                           (2,414)                      –                    –                      –                 –             (2,414)
                              Stock options
                               Current period expense                                                      –                 870                      –                      –                 –                870
                               Exercised                                                                   –                   (8)                    –                      –                 –                  (8)
                              Common share dividends                                                       –                     –          (133,783)                        –                 –          (133,783)
                              Non-controlling interest                                                     –                     –              (1,423)                      –             (817)             (2,240)
                              Common share cancellation excess and other                                   –                     –            (10,576)                       –                 –            (10,576)
                              Balance, end of period                                       $    1,688,397        $       58,788       $    4,674,646        $       464,633       $     59,129      $    6,945,593

                              2023
                              Balance, beginning of period                                 $    1,672,799        $       54,134       $    3,973,456        $       362,766       $     66,677      $     6,129,832

                              Net earnings                                                                 –                     –           382,501                         –                 –           382,501
                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                –                     –                    –                9,881                   –              9,881
                              Total comprehensive income                                                   –                     –           382,501                   9,881                   –           392,382

                              Common shares
                               Issued under stock option plan                                       14,264                       –                    –                      –                 –             14,264
                              Stock options
                               Current period expense                                                      –               1,191                      –                      –                 –              1,191
                               Exercised                                                                   –                (768)                     –                      –                 –               (768)
                              Common share dividends                                                       –                     –           (133,896)                       –                 –           (133,896)
                              Non-controlling interest                                                     –                     –              (1,163)                      –           (9,187)            (10,350)
                              Disposal of investment in associate (Note 8)                                 –                     –              (2,017)              (16,008)                  –            (18,025)
                              Other                                                                        –                     –              11,311                       –                 –             11,311
                              Balance, end of period                                       $    1,687,063        $       54,557       $    4,230,192        $       356,639       $     57,490      $    6,385,941

                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                     Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                                                 67
                              C  64                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)


     Three months ended March 31                                                                                                               2024              2023

     Operating activities
      Earnings before income taxes from continuing and discontinued operations                                                         $   292,126     $     447,112
      Income taxes paid                                                                                                                     (57,339)         (67,324)
      Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities
        Capitalized sales commission amortization                                                                                           25,457            21,929
        Capitalized sales commissions paid                                                                                                  (33,184)         (33,314)
        Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                                                23,571            26,153
        Proportionate share of associates’ earnings, net of dividends received                                                              (31,512)         (41,532)
        Pension and other post-employment benefits                                                                                            2,439             (186)
        Gain on sale of Lifeco shares (Note 8)                                                                                                    –         (179,118)
        Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other                                                                               (74,974)         (61,337)
        Cash from operating activities before restructuring provision payments                                                             146,584           112,383
        Restructuring provision cash payments                                                                                               (14,681)            (609)
                                                                                                                                           131,903           111,774

     Financing activities
      Net decrease in deposits and certificates                                                                                                 (14)              (23)
      Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                                   256,425           196,194
      Repayments of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                       (294,897)        (216,603)
      Repayment of lease obligations                                                                                                         (6,171)           (5,104)
      Issue of common shares                                                                                                                   177            13,496
      Common shares purchased for cancellation                                                                                              (11,993)                –
      Common share dividends paid                                                                                                          (133,949)        (133,688)
                                                                                                                                           (190,422)        (145,728)

     Investing activities
      Purchase of other investments                                                                                                         (22,919)         (21,599)
      Proceeds from the sale of other investments                                                                                           34,616            21,319
      Increase in loans                                                                                                                    (246,586)        (135,769)
      Repayment of loans and other                                                                                                         268,203           271,798
      Net additions to capital assets                                                                                                        (3,504)          (7,644)
      Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and other                                                                             (15,711)         (18,746)
      Investment in ChinaAMC (Note 8)                                                                                                             –        (1,154,100)
      Investment in Rockefeller (Note 8)                                                                                                        (85)                –
      Proceeds from sale of Lifeco shares (Note 8)                                                                                                –         552,655
                                                                                                                                            14,014          (492,086)
     Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                  (44,505)        (526,040)
     Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations, beginning of period                                            544,633         1,072,892
     Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                              500,128          546,852
     Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end of period (Note 3)                                                         –           30,469

     Cash and cash equivalents, end of period – continuing operations                                                                  $   500,128     $     516,383




                                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     Cash                                                                                                                              $   232,460     $    263,570
     Cash equivalents                                                                                                                      267,668           252,813
                                                                                                                                       $   500,128     $     516,383
     Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information related to operating activities
      Interest and dividends received                                                                                                  $    68,796     $      55,647
      Interest paid                                                                                                                    $    73,286     $      65,311

     (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




68 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                           C  65
                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                              March 31, 2024 (unaudited) (In thousands of Canadian dollars, except shares and per share amounts)



                              Note 1. Corporate information

                              IGM Financial Inc. (the Company) is a publicly listed company (TSX: IGM), incorporated and domiciled in Canada. The registered
                              address of the Company is 447 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The Company is controlled by Power Corporation of
                              Canada (Power).

                              IGM Financial Inc. is a wealth and asset management company which serves the financial needs of Canadians through its principal
                              subsidiaries, each operating distinctly within the advice segment of the financial services market. The Company’s wholly-owned
                              principal subsidiaries are Investors Group Inc. and Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie).



                              Note 2. Summary of material accounting policies

                              The unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company (Interim Financial Statements) have been
                              prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting, using the accounting policies as set out
                              in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, except as noted below. The Interim Financial
                              Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report.


                              Changes in accounting policies
                              IAS 12 – Income Taxes

                              The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 12 – Income Taxes effective May 2023 and has applied the exception to
                              recognizing and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two model rules published by the
                              Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).


                              Future accounting changes
                              The Company continuously monitors changes proposed by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and analyzes the
                              effect that changes in the standards may have on the Company’s operations.



                              Note 3. Discontinued operations

                              On November 30, 2023, the Company completed the sale of 100% of Investment Planning Counsel Inc. (IPC) to The Canada Life
                              Assurance Company (Canada Life) for proceeds of $575 million plus adjustments. Canada Life is a subsidiary of the Company’s
                              affiliate, Lifeco, which is a subsidiary of Power.

                              In accordance with IFRS 5 – Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations, the operating results and cash flows of IPC
                              have been classified as discontinued operations within the Wealth Management segment.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              As at November 30, 2023, IPC’s total assets were $692.6 million, including $30.6 million of cash and cash equivalents, and total
                              liabilities were $345.7 million.




                                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                          69
                              C  66                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Net earnings from discontinued operations
                                                                                                                                         Three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                               2023

     Revenues
      Wealth management                                                                                                                               $     76,139
      Net asset management                                                                                                                                   4,342
      Net investment income and other                                                                                                                         1,015
                                                                                                                                                            81,496
     Expenses                                                                                                                                                77,117
     Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                            4,379
     Income taxes                                                                                                                                            1,250
     Net earnings from discontinued operations                                                                                                                3,129
     Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                                  (150)
     Net earnings available to common shareholders from discontinued operations                                                                       $       2,979



     Cash flows from discontinued operations
     Included within the Company’s cash flows are the following amounts attributable to discontinued operations:

                                                                                                                                         Three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                               2023

     Net cash (used in) provided by:
      Operating activities                                                                                                                            $         (77)
      Financing activities                                                                                                                                    (344)
      Investing activities                                                                                                                                   (8,388)
     Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                             $      (8,809)




     Note 4. Revenues from contracts with customers

                                                                                                                                         Three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                              2024             2023

     Advisory fees                                                                                                                   $    309,137     $    290,676
     Product and program fees                                                                                                             232,246           217,150
                                                                                                                                          541,383          507,826
     Redemption fees                                                                                                                             –             594
     Other financial planning revenues                                                                                                     41,182           25,691
     Wealth management                                                                                                                    582,565          534,111
                                                                                                                                          241,866          236,154
     Asset management
     Dealer compensation expense                                                                                                           (80,092)         (79,326)
     Net asset management                                                                                                                 161,774          156,828
     Net revenues from contracts with customers                                                                                      $    744,339     $    690,939




                                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     Wealth management revenue is earned by providing financial planning, investment advisory and related financial services. Advisory
     fees, related to financial planning, are associated with assets under management and advisement. Product and program fees, related
     to investment management and administration services, are associated with assets under management. Other financial planning
     revenues include insurance, banking products and services, and mortgage lending activities.

     Asset management revenue, related to investment management advisory and administrative services, depends on the level and
     composition of assets under management.




70 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                           C  67
                              Note 5. Other investments

                                                                                                                                                         March 31, 2024                        December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                                Cost           Fair value               Cost             Fair value

                              Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
                               Corporate investments                                                                               $      266,988        $      836,532        $    264,915       $      721,379
                              Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
                               Equity securities                                                                                            12,820                13,293             12,778               13,140
                               Proprietary investment funds                                                                               119,253               125,519             126,550              129,079
                                                                                                                                          132,073               138,812             139,328              142,219
                                                                                                                                   $      399,061        $      975,344        $    404,243       $      863,598


                              Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple) is a financial company that provides simple digital tools for growing and managing
                              your money. The Company’s investment in Wealthsimple is primarily held through a limited partnership controlled by Power. The
                              investment is classified at fair value through other comprehensive income. IGM Financial Inc. holds directly and indirectly a 27.1%
                              interest in Wealthsimple (December 31, 2023 – 27.5%). In the first quarter of 2024, the Company updated its methodology for
                              calculating the disclosure of its interest in Wealthsimple to use the treasury method which includes options that are in the money.

                              At March 31, 2024, the Company increased the fair value of its investment in Wealthsimple to $722 million (December 31, 2023 –
                              $607 million). The increase in fair value is consistent with the increase in public market peer valuations, as well as Wealthsimple’s
                              business performance and revised revenue expectations. Fair value is determined by using observable transactions in the
                              investments’ securities where available, discounted cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue multiples used in the
                              valuation of comparable public companies.



                              Note 6. Loans

                                                                                                                                                 Contractual maturity
                                                                                                                                                                                    March 31          December 31
                                                                                                                       1 year                  1–5                   Over              2024                 2023
                                                                                                                       or less                years               5 years              Total                Total

                              Amortized cost
                               Residential mortgages                                                          $      940,811       $    4,147,944        $           937       $   5,089,692      $     5,109,433
                              Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                                737                  737
                                                                                                                                                                               $   5,088,955      $     5,108,696
                              The change in the allowance for expected credit losses is as follows:
                              Balance, beginning of period                                                                                                                     $        737       $           815
                              Write-offs, net of recoveries                                                                                                                             (14)                 204
                              Change in expected credit losses                                                                                                                           14                  (282)
                              Balance, end of period                                                                                                                           $        737       $          737


                              Total credit impaired loans as at March 31, 2024 were $1,924 (December 31, 2023 – $3,131).

                              Total interest income on loans was $47.6 million (2023 – $39.3 million). Total interest expense on obligations to securitization entities,




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              related to securitized loans, was $40.5 million (2023 – $33.6 million). Gains realized on the sale of residential mortgages totalled
                              $0.5 million (2023 – losses of $1.0 million). Fair value adjustments related to mortgage banking operations totalled $2.0 million
                              (2023 – negative $3.3 million). These amounts were included in Wealth management revenue. Wealth management revenue also
                              includes other mortgage banking related items including portfolio insurance, issue costs, and other items.




                                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                                                     71
                              C  68                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Note 7. Securitizations

     The Company securitizes residential mortgages through the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) sponsored
     National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) Program and Canada Mortgage Bond (CMB) Program and through
     Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) programs. These transactions do not meet the requirements for
     derecognition as the Company retains prepayment risk and certain elements of credit risk. Accordingly, the Company has retained
     these mortgages on its balance sheets and has recorded offsetting liabilities for the net proceeds received as Obligations to
     securitization entities which are recorded at amortized cost.

     The Company earns interest on the mortgages and pays interest on the obligations to securitization entities. As part of the CMB
     transactions, the Company enters into a swap transaction whereby the Company pays coupons on CMBs and receives investment
     returns on the NHA MBS and the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. A component of this swap, related to the obligation to
     pay CMB coupons and receive investment returns on repaid mortgage principal, and the hedging swap used to manage exposure to
     changes in variable rate investment returns, are recorded as derivatives with a negative fair value of $4.0 million at March 31, 2024
     (December 31, 2023 – negative $4.8 million).

     All mortgages securitized under the NHA MBS and CMB Program are insured by CMHC or another approved insurer under the
     program. As part of the ABCP transactions, the Company has provided cash reserves for credit enhancement which are recorded
     at cost. Credit risk is limited to these cash reserves and future net interest income as the ABCP Trusts have no recourse to the
     Company’s other assets for failure to make payments when due.

                                                                                                                                                      Obligations to
                                                                                                                                    Securitized       securitization
                                                                                                                                    mortgages               entities           Net

     March 31, 2024
     Carrying value
      NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                                                   $   2,374,226     $     2,347,753      $   26,473
      Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                                           2,307,623           2,299,631           7,992
      Total                                                                                                                     $   4,681,849     $     4,647,384      $   34,465
     Fair value                                                                                                                 $   4,593,758     $     4,641,508      $   (47,750)

     December 31, 2023
     Carrying value
      NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                                                   $ 2,408,639       $     2,389,389      $   19,250
      Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                                           2,313,806           2,298,438          15,368
      Total                                                                                                                     $ 4,722,445       $     4,687,827      $   34,618
     Fair value                                                                                                                 $ 4,690,885       $     4,695,738      $    (4,853)


     The carrying value of Obligations to securitization entities, which is recorded net of issue costs, includes principal payments received
     on securitized mortgages that are not due to be settled until after the reporting period. Issue costs are amortized over the life of the
     obligation on an effective interest rate basis.




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




72 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               C  69
                              Note 8. Investment in associates

                                                                                                       Lifeco           ChinaAMC             Rockefeller            Northleaf            Other            Total

                              March 31, 2024
                              Balance, beginning of period                                  $      589,288        $   1,885,223        $      844,795        $      301,845        $   38,023    $   3,659,174
                              Additions                                                                     –                     –                  85                      –              –               85
                              Dividends                                                             (12,285)             (72,926)                      –              (7,903)               –          (93,114)
                              Proportionate share of:
                               Earnings (losses)                                                     22,793               26,878                 (4,417)               7,117 (1)         (671)         51,700
                               Other comprehensive income (loss) and other
                               adjustments                                                           (1,635)                3,794               18,997                       –              –          21,156
                              Balance, end of period                                        $      598,161        $   1,842,969        $      859,460        $      301,059        $   37,352    $   3,639,001

                              March 31, 2023
                              Balance, beginning of period                                  $      939,567        $      787,171       $               –     $      284,499        $   40,066    $   2,051,303
                              Additions                                                                     –          1,154,100                       –                     –           542         1,154,642
                              Disposition                                                         (391,564)                       –                    –                     –              –         (391,564)
                              Dividends                                                              (11,512)             (69,180)                     –                     –              –          (80,692)
                              Proportionate share of:
                               Earnings (losses)                                                     20,602                28,133                      –               5,066 (1)         (757)         53,044
                               Other comprehensive income (loss) and other
                               adjustments                                                           14,024                (5,319)                     –                     –              –            8,705
                              Balance, end of period                                        $       571,117       $   1,894,905        $               –     $      289,565        $   39,851    $   2,795,438

                              (1) For the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings net of Non-controlling interest was $5,694 (2023 – $4,053).


                              The Company uses the equity method to account for its investments in associates, which include Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco), China
                              Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC), Rockefeller Capital Management (Rockefeller), and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf),
                              as it exercises significant influence.

                              On January 12, 2023, the Company closed the transaction to acquire Power’s 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC for cash consideration
                              of $1.16 billion including transaction costs, increasing the Company’s equity interest in ChinaAMC from 13.9% to 27.8%. To partially
                              fund the transaction, IGM Financial sold 15,200,662 common shares of Lifeco to Power for cash consideration of $553 million which
                              reduced the Company’s equity interest in Lifeco from 4.0% to 2.4%. The remaining $597 million of consideration was funded from
                              the Company’s existing financial resources including $22 million in dividends received after March 31, 2022 with respect to the Lifeco
                              shares that were sold. The Company continues to equity account for its 27.8% interest in ChinaAMC and 2.4% interest in Lifeco.

                              In the first quarter of 2023, the Company recognized a gain on the sale of the Lifeco shares of $179.1 million before-tax ($174.8 million
                              after-tax).

                              On April 3, 2023, the Company acquired a 20.5% interest in Rockefeller for a total cost of $858 million, which was comprised of cash
                              consideration of $835 million (USD $622 million) and transaction costs.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                   Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                                                73
                              C  70                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Note 9. Share capital

     Authorized
       Unlimited number of:
         First preferred shares, issuable in series
         Second preferred shares, issuable in series
         Class 1 non-voting shares
         Common shares, no par value


     Issued and outstanding
                                                                                                                                   March 31, 2024                        March 31, 2023
                                                                                                                   Shares            Stated value           Shares         Stated value

     Common shares:
      Balance, beginning of period                                                                         238,131,738         $      1,690,626       237,668,062    $      1,672,799
      Issued under Stock Option Plan                                                                               5,075                    185           369,737              14,264
      Purchased for cancellation                                                                               (340,000)                  (2,414)                –                    –
      Balance, end of period                                                                               237,796,813         $      1,688,397       238,037,799    $      1,687,063



     Normal course issuer bid
     On December 21, 2023, the Company commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which will continue until December 20, 2024, when
     the bid expires, or such earlier date as the Company completes its purchases pursuant to the notice of intention filed with the TSX.
     Pursuant to this bid, the Company may purchase up to 3 million or 1.3% of its common shares outstanding as at December 7, 2023.

     In the three months ended March 31, 2024, there were 340,000 shares (2023 – nil) purchased at a cost of $12.0 million. The premium
     paid to purchase the shares in excess of the stated value was charged to Retained earnings.

     In connection with its NCIB, the Company has established an automatic securities purchase plan for its common shares. The
     automatic securities purchase plan provides standard instructions regarding how IGM Financial’s common shares are to be
     purchased under the NCIB during certain pre-determined trading blackout periods, subject to pre-established parameters.
     Outside of these pre-determined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Company’s NCIB will be completed based upon
     management’s discretion.



     Note 10. Capital management

     The capital management policies, procedures and activities of the Company are discussed in the Capital Resources section of the
     Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis contained in the First Quarter 2024 Report to Shareholders and in Note 20
     to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report and have not changed significantly since
     December 31, 2023.



     Note 11. Share-based payments




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     Stock option plan
                                                                                                                                                      March 31       December 31
                                                                                                                                                          2024             2023

     Common share options
      – Outstanding                                                                                                                                 10,874,590           10,902,118
      – Exercisable                                                                                                                                  7,449,098           6,924,596




74 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                              C  71
                              In the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company granted 664,576 options to employees (2023 – 661,372). The fair value of
                              options granted during the three months ended March 31, 2024, has been estimated at $4.14 per option (2023 – $5.56) using the
                              Black-Scholes option pricing model. The closing share price at the grant date was $35.55.

                              Other assumptions used in these valuation models include:

                                                                                                                                                                           Three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                                   2024              2023

                              Exercise price                                                                                                                               $      35.65        $    42.54
                              Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                              3.61%             3.44%
                              Expected option life                                                                                                                              7 years            7 years
                              Expected volatility                                                                                                                                 24.00%            23.00%
                              Expected dividend yield                                                                                                                              6.33%             5.31%


                              Expected volatility has been estimated based on the historic volatility of the Company’s share price over seven years which is
                              reflective of the expected option life. Options vest over a period of up to 7.5 years from the grant date and are exercisable no later
                              than 10 years after the grant date.



                              Note 12. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

                                                                                                                                                                                 Investment
                                                                                                                                      Employee                 Other           in associates
                                                                                                                                       benefits          investments               and other            Total

                              March 31, 2024
                              Balance, beginning of period                                                                     $       (13,995)      $      393,956        $      (63,671)     $    316,290
                              Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                         27,370                97,815               23,158           148,343
                              Balance, end of period                                                                           $        13,375       $      491,771        $      (40,513)     $    464,633

                              March 31, 2023
                              Balance, beginning of period                                                                     $         4,383       $      309,605        $       48,778      $    362,766
                              Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                            (963)               2,408                8,436             9,881
                              Disposal of investment in associate (Note 8)                                                                     –                     –            (16,008)           (16,008)
                              Balance, end of period                                                                           $          3,420      $      312,013        $       41,206      $    356,639


                              Amounts are recorded net of tax.



                              Note 13. Risk management

                              The risk management policies and procedures of the Company are discussed in the Financial Risk section of the Company’s
                              Management’s Discussion and Analysis contained in the First Quarter 2024 Report to Shareholders and in Note 23 to the Consolidated
                              Financial Statements in the 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report and have not changed significantly since December 31, 2023.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Note 14. Fair value of financial instruments

                              Fair values are management’s estimates and are calculated using market conditions at a specific point in time and may not reflect
                              future fair values. The calculations are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties and are matters of significant judgment.

                              All financial instruments measured at fair value and those for which fair value is disclosed are classified into one of three levels that
                              distinguish fair value measurements by the significance of the inputs used for valuation.




                                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                                               75
                              C  72                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Fair value is determined based on the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the most advantageous
     market, utilizing a hierarchy of three different valuation techniques, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
     measurement in its entirety.

          Level 1 – Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;

          Level 2 – Observable inputs other than Level 1 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices
                    for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or inputs other than quoted prices that are
                    observable or corroborated by observable market data; and

          Level 3 – Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. Valuation techniques are primarily model-based.

     Markets are considered inactive when transactions are not occurring with sufficient regularity. Inactive markets may be characterized
     by a significant decline in the volume and level of observed trading activity or through large or erratic bid/offer spreads. In those
     instances where traded markets are not considered sufficiently active, fair value is measured using valuation models which may utilize
     predominantly observable market inputs (Level 2) or may utilize predominantly non-observable market inputs (Level 3). Management
     considers all reasonably available information including indicative broker quotations, any available pricing for similar instruments,
     recent arm’s length market transactions, any relevant observable market inputs, and internal model-based estimates. Management
     exercises judgment in determining the most appropriate inputs and the weighting ascribed to each input as well as in the selection of
     valuation methodologies.

     Fair value is determined using the following methods and assumptions:

       Other investments and other financial assets and financial liabilities are valued using quoted prices from active markets, when
       available. When a quoted market price is not readily available, valuation techniques are used that require assumptions related
       to discount rates and the timing and amount of future cash flows. Wherever possible, observable market inputs are used in the
       valuation techniques.

       Loans classified as Level 2 are valued using market interest rates for loans with similar credit risk and maturity.

       Loans classified as Level 3 are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields.

       Valuation methods used for Other investments classified as Level 3 include comparison to market transactions with arm’s length
       third parties, use of market multiples, and discounted cash flow analysis.

       Obligations to securitization entities are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields for
       securities issued by these securitization entities having similar terms and characteristics.

       Deposits and certificates are valued by discounting the contractual cash flows using market interest rates currently offered for
       deposits with similar terms and credit risks.

       Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each debenture available in the market.

       Derivative financial instruments are valued based on quoted market prices, where available, prevailing market rates for
       instruments with similar characteristics and maturities, or discounted cash flow analysis.

     Level 1 financial instruments include exchange-traded equity investments and open-end investment fund units and other financial
     liabilities in instances where there are quoted prices available from active markets.

     Level 2 assets and liabilities include fixed income securities, loans, derivative financial instruments, deposits and certificates and




                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     long-term debt. The fair value of fixed income securities is determined using quoted market prices or independent dealer price
     quotes. The fair value of derivative financial instruments and deposits and certificates are determined using valuation models,
     discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques using primarily observable market inputs. The fair value of long-term debt
     is determined using indicative broker quotes.




76 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4               C  73
                              Level 3 assets and liabilities include investments with little or no trading activity valued using broker-dealer quotes, loans, other
                              financial assets, obligations to securitization entities and derivative financial instruments. Derivative financial instruments consist
                              of principal reinvestment account swaps which represent the component of a swap entered into under the CMB Program whereby
                              the Company pays coupons on Canada Mortgage Bonds and receives investment returns on the reinvestment of repaid mortgage
                              principal. Fair value is determined by discounting the projected cashflows of the swaps. The notional amount, which is an input used
                              to determine the fair value of the swap, is determined using an average unobservable prepayment rate of 15% which is based on
                              historical prepayment patterns. An increase (decrease) in the assumed mortgage prepayment rate increases (decreases) the notional
                              amount of the swap. Level 3 Other investments of $837 million are predominantly comprised of early-stage financial technology
                              companies, including Wealthsimple with a fair value of $722 million. Fair value is determined by using observable transactions in the
                              investments’ securities, where available, forecasted cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue multiples, used in the
                              valuation of comparable public companies. A 5% increase (decrease) to forecasted cash flows or revenue multiples would result in an
                              increase (decrease) in fair value of the Company’s investment in Wealthsimple of approximately $36 million.

                              The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including their levels in
                              the fair value hierarchy. The table distinguishes between those financial instruments recorded at fair value and those recorded at
                              amortized cost. The table also excludes fair value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if
                              the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value. These items include cash and cash equivalents, accounts and other
                              receivables, certain other financial assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, credit facility and certain other financial liabilities.

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Fair value
                                                                                                                Carrying value               Level 1               Level 2            Level 3             Total

                              March 31, 2024
                              Financial assets recorded at fair value
                               Other investments
                                 – FVTOCI                                                                   $       836,532        $               –     $               –     $    836,532     $    836,532
                                 – FVTPL                                                                            138,812               127,383                        –           11,429          138,812
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                      39,343                        –              19,942             19,401            39,343
                              Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
                               Loans
                                 – Amortized cost                                                                 5,088,955                        –            404,271            4,593,758        4,998,029
                              Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                      50,118                        –              45,420               4,698           50,118
                              Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
                               Deposits and certificates                                                          2,999,439                        –          2,999,462                    –        2,999,462
                               Obligations to securitization entities                                             4,647,384                        –                     –         4,641,508        4,641,508
                               Long-term debt                                                                     2,400,000                        –          2,410,913                    –        2,410,913

                              December 31, 2023
                              Financial assets recorded at fair value
                               Other investments
                                 – FVTOCI                                                                   $       721,379        $               –     $               –     $    721,379     $    721,379
                                 – FVTPL                                                                            142,219               130,790                        –            11,429          142,219
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                      42,729                        –             26,801               15,928           42,729
                              Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
                               Loans
                                 – Amortized cost                                                                 5,108,696                        –            379,954            4,690,885        5,070,839




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                      49,580                        –              41,373              8,207            49,580
                              Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
                               Deposits and certificates                                                          3,344,190                        –         3,344,223                     –        3,344,223
                               Obligations to securitization entities                                             4,687,827                        –                     –         4,695,738        4,695,738
                               Long-term debt                                                                     2,400,000                        –          2,453,390                    –        2,453,390


                              There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in 2024 and 2023.




                                   Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                                                 77
                              C  74                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     The following table provides a summary of changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. There
     were no transfers in or out of Level 3 in 2024 and 2023.

                                                                                                                Gains (losses)
                                                                                                                    included
                                                                                        Gains (losses)               in Other
                                                                      Balance         included in Net         comprehensive            Purchases and                                     Balance
                                                                    January 1               earnings(1)               income               issuances           Settlements              March 31

     March 31, 2024
     Other investments
      – FVTOCI                                             $        721,379       $                 –     $        113,081       $           2,072     $                –       $       836,532
      – FVTPL                                                        11,429                         –                      –                      –                     –                11,429
      Derivative financial instruments, net                            7,721                  5,790                        –                  (305)               (1,497)                14,703

     March 31, 2023
     Other investments
      – FVTOCI                                             $        602,612       $                 –     $           2,783      $                –    $                –       $       605,395
      – FVTPL                                                         11,429                        –                      –                      –                     –                11,429
      Derivative financial instruments, net                           20,516                 (5,587)                       –                  (634)                  (219)               14,514

     (1) Included in Wealth management revenue or Net investment income and other in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




     Note 15. Earnings per common share

                                                                                                                                                                Three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                       2024                2023

     Earnings
      Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                                              $      224,808           $   379,372
      Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                                      (1,423)              (1,013)
      Net earnings available to common shareholders – continuing operations                                                                                       223,385               378,359
      Net earnings from discontinued operations                                                                                                                             –             3,129
      Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                                              –              (150)
      Net earnings available to common shareholders – discontinued operations                                                                                               –             2,979
      Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                        $      223,385           $   381,338
     Number of common shares (in thousands)
      Weighted average number of common shares outstanding                                                                                                        238,062               237,838
      Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options(1)                                                                                                           50                 586
      Average number of common shares outstanding – diluted basis                                                                                                 238,112               238,424
     Earnings per common share (in dollars)
      Basic
        From continuing operations                                                                                                                         $          0.94          $      1.59
        From discontinued operations                                                                                                                                        –              0.01
        Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                      $          0.94          $      1.60
      Diluted
        From continuing operations                                                                                                                         $          0.94          $      1.59
        From discontinued operations                                                                                                                                        –              0.01




                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
        Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                      $          0.94          $      1.60

     (1) Excludes 1,877 thousand shares for the three months ended March 31, 2024, related to outstanding stock options that were anti-dilutive (2023 – 876 thousand).




78 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                      C  75
                              Note 16. Contingent liabilities

                              The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the normal course of its business. In December 2018, a proposed class action was filed
                              in the Ontario Superior Court against Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie) which alleges that the company should not have paid
                              mutual fund trailing commissions to order execution only dealers. This action was certified in January 2024. In August 2022, a second
                              proposed class action concerning the same subject matter was filed against Mackenzie.

                              In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one of our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they were compromised due
                              to a cybersecurity incident related to a technology supplier to InvestorCOM, GoAnywhere. The Company has notified impacted clients
                              and offered credit monitoring at no cost for two years to all clients. Four proposed class actions have been filed against Mackenzie
                              concerning this incident.

                              Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such legal actions, based on current knowledge, management does not expect
                              the outcome of any of these matters, individually or in aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated
                              financial position.



                              Note 17. Segmented information

                              In 2023, the Company realigned its reportable segments to better characterize and simplify the Company’s business lines into wealth
                              management and asset management segments. The revised segments reflect a realignment of Rockefeller and Wealthsimple to the
                              wealth management segment and ChinaAMC and Northleaf to the asset management segment. These changes have no impact on
                              the reported earnings of the Company. Prior period comparative information has been restated to reflect the realigned segments.
                              The Company’s reportable segments are:
                              • Wealth Management
                              • Asset Management
                              • Corporate and Other

                              These segments reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and performance measurement.
                              • Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally focused on
                                providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities of IG Wealth
                                Management which is a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its securities dealer, mutual fund
                                dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. A majority of the revenues of this segment are
                                derived from providing financial advice and distributing financial products and services to Canadian households. This segment
                                also includes the investment management activities of these organizations, including mutual fund management and discretionary
                                portfolio management services. This segment also includes the Company’s strategic investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.
                                Rockefeller is classified as an investment in associate and accounted for using the equity method, with the proportionate share
                                of earnings included in revenue. Wealthsimple is classified as an investment which is accounted for as fair value through other
                                comprehensive income and therefore has no impact on the segment earnings. This segment also included IPC, which was sold on
                                November 30, 2023. IPC’s results were classified as discontinued operations.
                              • Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on providing investment
                                management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which provides investment management




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third party dealers and financial advisors, and through
                                institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional investors. This segment also includes the
                                Company’s strategic investment in ChinaAMC and Northleaf which are classified as investments in associates and accounted for using
                                the equity method. The proportionate share of earnings on these investments are included in the segment’s revenue.
                              • Corporate and Other – primarily represents investments in Lifeco and Portage, the Company’s unallocated capital, as well as
                                consolidation elimination entries.




                                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                         79
                              C  76                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     2024
                                                                                          Wealth            Asset             Corporate                Total
     Three months ended March 31                                                     Management       Management              and Other             Segment     Adjustments(1)        Total

     Revenues
      Wealth management                                                          $      584,499 $                   – $          (1,934) $          582,565 $             – $     582,565

      Asset management                                                                          –          267,922             (26,056)             241,866               –       241,866
      Dealer compensation                                                                       –           (79,296)               (796)             (80,092)             –        (80,092)
      Net asset management                                                                      –          188,626             (26,852)             161,774               –       161,774

      Net investment income and other                                                      5,274              6,526               3,827              15,627               –        15,627
      Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                         (5,088)            33,995             23,900               52,807          (1,107)       51,700
                                                                                        584,685            229,147               (1,059)            812,773          (1,107)      811,666
     Expenses
      Advisory and business development                                                 244,176              21,453                      (2)        265,627               –       265,627
      Operations and support                                                            114,954              88,517                 357             203,828               –       203,828
      Sub-advisory                                                                       45,337               1,285            (28,787)              17,835               –        17,835
                                                                                        404,467            111,255             (28,432)             487,290               –       487,290
                                                                                        180,218            117,892              27,373              325,483          (1,107)      324,376
     Interest expense (2)                                                                25,750               6,500                       –          32,250               –        32,250
     Earnings before income taxes                                                       154,468            111,392              27,373              293,233          (1,107)      292,126
     Income taxes                                                                        43,270              23,134                 914              67,318               –        67,318
                                                                                        111,198              88,258             26,459              225,915          (1,107)      224,808
     Non-controlling interest                                                                   –            (1,423)                      –           (1,423)             –         (1,423)
                                                                                 $      111,198 $            86,835 $           26,459              224,492          (1,107)      223,385
     Lifeco other items (1)                                                                                                                           (1,107)         1,107              –
     Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                             $    223,385 $             – $     223,385



     Identifiable assets                                                         $ 11,041,278 $          3,633,123 $         1,121,040 $ 15,795,441 $                     – $ 15,795,441
     Goodwill                                                                         1,346,245          1,290,526                        –        2,636,771              –      2,636,771
     Total assets                                                                $ 12,387,523 $          4,923,649 $         1,121,040 $ 18,432,212 $                     – $ 18,432,212

     (1) Lifeco other items is not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. This item has been adjusted to reconcile Total Segment results to the
         Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
     (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




80 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                              C  77
                              2023
                                                                                                      Wealth                 Asset             Corporate                 Total
                              Three months ended March 31                                        Management            Management              and Other              Segment           Adjustments(1)            Total

                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                             $      535,668        $               –    $         (1,557)     $      534,111        $             –      $    534,111

                               Asset management                                                              –            261,814               (25,660)             236,154                      –           236,154
                               Dealer compensation                                                           –            (78,696)                  (630)             (79,326)                    –            (79,326)
                               Net asset management                                                          –            183,118               (26,290)             156,828                      –           156,828

                               Net investment income and other                                         3,428                 4,504                 3,017               10,949                     –            10,949
                               Gain on sale of Lifeco shares (Note 8)                                        –                     –                    –                     –            179,118             179,118
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                               (757)              33,199               20,360                52,802                  242             53,044
                                                                                                    538,339               220,821                 (4,470)            754,690               179,360            934,050
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                    222,977                22,666                      (2)           245,641                      –           245,641
                               Operations and support                                               108,288                93,144                    343             201,775                      –           201,775
                               Sub-advisory                                                           42,583                 1,109              (27,846)              15,846                      –            15,846
                                                                                                    373,848               116,919               (27,505)             463,262                      –           463,262
                                                                                                    164,491               103,902                23,035              291,428               179,360            470,788
                              Interest expense(2)                                                     22,249                 5,806                      –              28,055                     –            28,055
                              Earnings before income taxes                                          142,242                98,096                23,035              263,373               179,360            442,733
                              Income taxes                                                           38,401                19,807                    834               59,042                4,319             63,361
                              Net earnings from continuing operations                               103,841                78,289                22,201              204,331               175,041            379,372
                              Net earnings from discontinued operations                                2,927                       –                 202                 3,129                    –              3,129
                                                                                                    106,768                78,289                22,403              207,460               175,041            382,501
                              Non-controlling interest                                                   (150)              (1,013)                     –               (1,163)                   –             (1,163)
                                                                                             $      106,618        $        77,276      $        22,403              206,297               175,041            381,338
                              Gain on sale of Lifeco shares, net of tax(1)                                                                                           174,799              (174,799)                  –
                              Lifeco other items(1)                                                                                                                        242                 (242)                 –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                   $      381,338        $             –      $    381,338



                              Identifiable assets                                            $ 11,606,677          $    3,607,433       $      981,077        $ 16,195,187          $             –      $ 16,195,187
                              Goodwill                                                            1,491,687             1,310,486                       –          2,802,173                      –          2,802,173
                              Total assets                                                   $ 13,098,364          $    4,917,919       $      981,077        $ 18,997,360          $             –      $ 18,997,360

                              (1) Gain on sale of Lifeco shares and Lifeco other items are not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. These items have been added back,
                                  including the impact to Income taxes, to reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 First Quarter Report                                                                      81
                              C  78                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Corporate Information


Power Corporation of Canada
751 Victoria Square                                                161 Bay Street, Suite 5000
Montréal, Quebec, Canada H2Y 2J3                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2S1
514-286-7400                                                       416-607-2250
1-800-890-7440
corporate.secretary@powercorp.com


www.powercorporation.com




This document is also available on the Corporation’s website       TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR
and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.                                 Computershare Investor Services Inc.

STOCK LISTINGS                                                     Offices in:

Shares of Power Corporation of Canada are listed on the            Montréal, Quebec; Toronto, Ontario;

Toronto Stock Exchange:                                            Vancouver, British Columbia
                                                                   www.investorcentre.com
Subordinate Voting Shares: POW
Participating Preferred Shares: POW.PR.E                           SHAREHOLDER SERVICES
                                                                   Shareholders with questions relating to the payment of
First Preferred Shares, Series A: POW.PR.A
                                                                   dividends, change of address, share certificates, direct registration
First Preferred Shares, Series B: POW.PR.B
                                                                   and estate transfers should contact the Transfer Agent:
First Preferred Shares, Series C: POW.PR.C
First Preferred Shares, Series D: POW.PR.D                         Computershare Investor Services Inc.
First Preferred Shares, Series G: POW.PR.G                         Shareholder Services
                                                                   100 University Avenue, 8th Floor
                                                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2Y1
                                                                   1-800-564-6253 (toll-free in Canada and the U.S.)
                                                                   or 514-982-7555
                                                                   www.computershare.com




                      Power Corporation of Canada is a certified
                      Imagine Canada Caring Company,
                      recognized for leadership and excellence
                      in community investment.




To learn more about the organizations we support, visit
www.PowerCorporationCommunity.com
